
                             501 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                          September 14, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Community center evacuee contact point

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 487 words


Spokane Valley Community Center has been designated the contact point for
Hurricane Katrina victims who are relocating to Spokane County.

Center Director Mollie Dalpae said an official from Washington State Emergency
Management Division phoned on Tuesday morning to let her know about the status.

"They went on the Internet and found we were the most comprehensive contact
point," Dalpae said.

Spokane Valley Community Center houses a dozen collaborating social service
agencies. The one-stop location offers everything from emergency money to thwart
utility shut-offs and pay for prescriptions to food and clothing banks to a
nutrition program for women, infants and children.

Dalpae was told that Washington state is expecting about 700 families, but the
official couldn't say how many may arrive in Spokane County.

All Spokane County arrivals will be assessed through the community center. Those
who are moving within Spokane Valley zip codes also will receive services
through the community center, while the rest will be referred to other social
service agencies, Dalpae said.

Dalpae considers the designation an honor: "It think it's nice to know that
we're still well thought of."

Other local organizations offering aid to those affected by Hurricane Katrina
include:

HOUSING

* Authorities have identified 180 rental units in government-financed
multi-family housing complexes that are being made available to victims of
Hurricane Katrina. The rental units, located mostly in smaller southern Idaho
communities, were built with financing from USDA Rural Development, a federal
agency intended to help aid development of rural communities.

"We recognize that many of those needing assistance come from rural
communities," said Mike Field, the agency's Idaho director. "We can provide
immediate housing for those hurricane evacuees coming to Idaho." Displaced
families interested in taking advantage of the housing offer must make
arrangements through FEMA.

VOLUNTEERING

* People interested in volunteering for hurricane relief work can get
information on that at  www.salvationarmyusa.org. In addition, the Salvation
Army said it has collected $89,000 in the Spokane region for hurricane relief
through collection containers located at area businesses.

FINANCIAL AID

* Pullman-based Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories Inc. donated $100,000 to the
American Red Cross to help with relief efforts. The company, which makes
equipment for electric power systems, also said it is offering discounts of 30
percent to 50 percent on its products to customers in the Gulf states to help
them restore their power systems quickly.

* ShortStop Shell, located along U.S. Highway 95 at Hayden, will contribute half
of its car wash proceeds and $10 of every oil change performed from 10 a.m. to 3
p.m. Saturday to Convoy of Hope, a nonprofit organization distributing food and
supplies in hurricane-ravaged Gulf Coast states.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             502 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  Copyright (c) 1996 Yale Law & Policy Review
                            Yale Law & Policy Review

                                      1996

                          14 Yale L. & Pol'y Rev. 287

LENGTH: 23964 words

NOTE: Demanding the Best: How to Restructure the Section 8 Household-Based
Rental Assistance Program

NAME: Mark A. Malaspina *

BIO:



   * J.D. candidate, Yale Law School, 1997; M.P.A. candidate, Princeton
University's Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs, 1997;
B.A., Yale University, 1991. The author would like to thank Professors Robert
Ellickson, Michael Graetz, Jerry Mashaw, and Robert Solomon for their advice;
Douglas Rae, Dan Ryan, and Monica Pacello Blazik for their technical assistance;
and the staffs and clients of the New York Legal Aid Society and the Atlanta
Legal Aid Society for providing the inspiration for this project.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... [The Section 8 household-based subsidy program] is a big and very effective
program. ...  Neither the certificate nor the voucher program, however, provides
sufficient incentives for households to improve housing quality or economize on
rent. ...  The PHA pays to the landlord a subsidy representing the difference
between the contract rent and 30% of the household's monthly adjusted gross
income. ...  For example, depending on the results of its housing search, a
household that originally wanted to move may nonetheless decide to "lease in
place," meaning that it uses the Section 8 subsidy to help rent its original
apartment. ...  PHAs pays to the landlord the difference between the contract
rent and 30% of the household's monthly adjusted gross income. ...  Once a
household qualifies in a dwelling, it has no reason to negotiate annual rent
increases with the landlords; as long as the landlord will accept
HUD-established adjustments, the certificate holder's situation is unchanged.
...  Furthermore, unlike an income transfer program, the proposed subsidy
program involves PHAs in monitoring the lease arrangements, thus assuring that
reported tenant rent payments correspond to actual payments. ...  Finally, like
other urban PHAs, the Housing Authority of the City of New Haven does not
provide significant suburban housing options to its Section 8 recipients. ...

TEXT:
 [*287]



   [The Section 8 household-based subsidy program] is a big and very effective
program. It has virtually no downside except that it costs money to authorize
more vouchers... We don't have any problem getting landlords to accept Section 8
vouchers anywhere because they are guaranteed to be paid by the federal
government.



    - Henry G. Cisneros, Secretary of the United States Department of Housing
and Urban Development (HUD)  n1



   Why don't you try to find a decent apartment in this city using Section 8?



    - Andrell Crowder-Jordan, President of the Techwood-Clark Howell Public
Housing Resident Association, addressing Renee Lewis Glover, Executive Director
of the Housing Authority of the City of Atlanta  n2

    Henry Cisneros and others believe that the Section 8 household-based rental
assistance program can alleviate the housing problems of poor families. Under
this program, the federal government allocates funds to local Public Housing
Agencies (PHAs)  n3 which in turn subsidize qualifying families through partial
rent payments to their landlords. Families can choose their own apartments in
the local housing market, provided that both the apartment quality and lease
[*288]  meet federal standards. Many conservatives assert that this demand-side
program is more efficient than supply-side housing policies  n4 such as public
housing and project-based housing assistance, and liberals generally believe
that the program helps reduce the geographic isolation of the urban poor,
particularly minorities. With broad bipartisan support, the program has expanded
dramatically since its inception in 1974 and now serves close to a million and a
half households nationally.

    Many low-income families, however, know that the Section 8 program  n5 is
seriously flawed in many ways. For example, recipients often cannot locate
desirable apartments because many local landlords simply refuse to rent to
Section 8 families. After searching for three months for an apartment that she
could rent with her subsidy, Saria Johnson explained: "The problem with looking
in the paper is you find something, in a nice area. You know exactly where this
house is. You know what it looks like. The rent is perfect, it's got everything
you need, but they don't accept Section 8."  n6 Unfortunately, low landlord
participation is only one of the many serious problems with the existing Section
8 program.

    How should the federal government improve Section 8 policy in order to help
the Johnsons and other poor families obtain decent housing? This Note provides a
comprehensive analysis of the program within a principled framework for
evaluating national low-income rental housing policy. It proposes important and
controversial reforms to the program, and it demonstrates that current
congressional reform proposals are seriously misguided.

    Part I establishes an analytical guide to evaluate national low-income
rental housing policy in light of the critical housing problems of urban
America: staggering rent burdens for poor households and intense geographic
concentration of impoverished minorities. Part II explains that a well-designed
demand-side policy could effectively address these problems. In comparison to
public housing and other supply-side programs, for example, an appropriate
demand-side policy would be less expensive and more conducive to residential
choice. Part III then describes the nation's primary demand-side housing
program, household-based Section 8, as structured in February 1996.

    Unfortunately, the current Section 8 program does not fulfill the potential
of demand-side rental housing policy. Part IV explains that the Section 8
eligibility requirements do not appropriately target the most needy families.
Also, by requiring families to find quality apartments quickly, the Section 8
[*289]  policy has disadvantaged many minorities and large families who are
unable to locate apartments and thus lose their housing subsidies. Reforms
should be enacted to target assistance more narrowly and to help all qualifying
families actually find apartments.

    Part V demonstrates that the Section 8 program has not succeeded in its goal
of promoting residential choice. Many Section 8 enrollees encounter landlords
who are unwilling to participate in the program, because of regulatory burdens
imposed by the program, or because they intentionally discriminate against
minorities or families with children. At the same time, the program does not
adequately encourage PHAs to promote landlord participation or
interjurisdictional mobility. As a result, Section 8 enrollees in many cities
have difficulty finding landlords willing to rent to them. Often, subsidy
recipients can only find housing within a "Section 8 submarket," typically
located in neighborhoods with high rates of poverty and high concentrations of
minorities. To address these problems, the federal government should restructure
the manner in which PHAs provide assistance and it should reduce undue
regulatory burdens currently placed on landlords. It also should establish
strict anti-discrimination provisions that prevent landlords from refusing to
rent to individuals on the basis of their status as Section 8 recipients or
because of the requirements of the Section 8 program.

    Part VI argues that the Section 8 program fails to harness the power of
choice in order to ensure that residents live in quality affordable housing. The
program consists of two variants, the certificate and voucher programs, each of
which employs different payment structures to determine government payments at
various rent levels. Neither the certificate nor the voucher program, however,
provides sufficient incentives for households to improve housing quality or
economize on rent. This Note therefore proposes a new payment structure that
does incorporate proper economic incentives.

    Part VII explains that a well-designed Section 8 program would be a valuable
social welfare program, significantly better than the alternative of simple cash
transfers to the poor. It concludes by demonstrating that current Republican
proposals are unsound because they would redirect assistance to higher income
families, fail to promote residential choice, and establish inappropriate
payment structures. Finally, the Appendix explores various arguments of this
Note by analyzing demographic, housing market, and Section 8 patterns in and
around New Haven, Connecticut.

    Many of the flaws of the Section 8 program result from the inappropriate use
of certain supply-side housing policies in a demand-side program. For example,
thousands of local PHAs, originally established to build and operate public
housing, now administer most household-based Section 8 subsidies. This highly
localized administrative structure generally limits the ability of poor urban
residents to move to higher-income suburban areas.  [*290]

    A second vestige of supply-side housing policy is the Section 8 program's
extensive regulation of the landlord-tenant relationship through federal
eviction standards and housing quality requirements. The eviction standards make
the Section 8 program significantly less appealing to many private landlords,
thus limiting the residential choice of subsidy recipients that want to move to
better neighborhoods. Moreover, the federal housing quality standards have
caused a significant number of poor households to lose their housing subsidies
completely because they have been unable to locate adequate apartments within
the two month period generally allotted to them.

    The payment structure of the Section 8 certificate program is another
inappropriate carryover from public housing policy. Like public housing
residents, certificate recipients pay a fixed portion (now thirty percent) of
their adjusted income for their housing. Unfortunately, this payment structure
completely fails to motivate certificate recipients to search for better housing
deals. Because of these and other defects with the program, household-based
Section 8 is an ineffective policy for promoting housing affordability and
residential choice among poor households.


   I. Evaluating Federal Low-Income Rental Housing Policy

 This Note evaluates the household-based Section 8 program against a benchmark
of objectives for federal low-income rental housing policy. Establishing these
objectives requires a preliminary examination of the two fundamental residential
problems facing the urban poor: the lack of affordable housing and the
limitations on residential choice.


   A. Housing Problems of the Urban Poor

 Many of the nation's poorest urban families spend the majority of their income
on housing. In 1993, for example, more than 4.4 million households with incomes
less than 50% of area median income lived in adequate and uncrowded housing but
spent over half of their incomes on rent and utilities.  n7 The housing
affordability crisis has resulted from a combination of lower incomes and higher
rents. Between 1975 and 1991, renters' real household incomes fell by roughly 5%
at the twenty-fifth percentile of the income [*291]  distribution.  n8 During
the same period, real gross rents increased by over 20% at the twenty-fifth
percentile of the rent distribution.  n9 Although some poor households do live
in substandard housing, the more serious problem is affordability, not housing
quality.  n10

    Another troubling aspect of the nation's housing situation is the severe
isolation of the poor, particularly the minority poor, in central cities.
Between 1970 and 1990, for example, the number of poor people living in urban
Census tracts with at least 20% poverty levels increased from 4.2 million to 6.5
million.  n11 The overwhelming majority of those living in extreme poverty areas
are black or Hispanic.  n12

    The isolation of the inner-city minority poor has several causes. First,
many middle-class families have left central cities because of such factors as
urban crime, suburban job growth, and government homeownership subsidies.  n13
Second, poor minority households have concentrated in certain urban areas
because of discrimination in public  n14 and private  n15 housing, suburban
zoning laws  n16 and transportation constraints,  n17 in addition to other
factors.  n18  [*292]

    The concentration of the poor in central cities creates a number of serious
social problems. In poor urban areas, children often attend schools of low
quality,  n19 and adults tend to lack access to employment opportunities,
especially to suburban jobs in the service sector.  n20 The resulting social
dynamics exacerbate behavioral problems such as educational failure,  n21
detachment from the labor force,  n22 teen-age pregnancy,  n23 substance abuse,
n24 and violent crime.  n25 In turn, these social problems increase the class
bias, racism, and fear of the middle class toward the minority poor, thus
accelerating middle class flight to exclusionary suburbs.

   B. Analytical Framework

 In light of the housing problems of the low-income poor, two major objectives
must guide federal low-income rental housing policies. First, policies should
help poor households lower their rent burden while living in housing of adequate
quality. Second, policies should allow the voluntary movement of poor households
out of high poverty areas.  n26  [*293]

    In addition to these two objectives of housing affordability and residential
choice, several principles also must shape rental housing policies. First, sound
rental housing policies should be cost-effective to implement. Second, they
should promote horizontal equity, treating similarly-situated households
equally. Third, they should promote vertical equity, or progressivity, by
providing more assistance to poorer households than to households with higher
income. Fourth, they should not stigmatize recipients of assistance. Fifth,
rental housing policies should not create significant work disincentives through
indirect taxes on earnings.

    These principles are not an exhaustive list, but they do suggest the range
of inquiry necessary for an effective evaluation of low-income rental housing
policies. Obviously, many tensions exist among the stated objectives and
principles. For example, a cost-effective program providing very small subsidies
to each household would not promote residential choice, because poor households
would remain unable to rent more expensive apartments in better neighborhoods.
Similarly, a progressive policy that provides less assistance to people as their
incomes increase will necessarily generate work disincentives. Because of
several such inherent tensions, no rental housing program will be able to
maximize all of the above goals.

    Nonetheless, this Note demonstrates how federal rental housing policies for
low-income families can best fulfill the major objectives of limiting rent
burdens and promoting residential choice for the poor while satisfying the
subsidiary principles to the greatest extent possible. In order to narrow the
scope of inquiry, this Note concentrates on federal rental housing policy for
low-income, able-bodied recipients in metropolitan areas.  n27 Even with this
narrowed mission, however, it covers a wide range of issues relating to the
Section 8 program and proposes several important reforms.

   II. Potential of Demand-Side Policies

 This Part presents a brief historical overview of the evolution of the Section
8 program, and it compares demand-side and supply-side housing policies
generally. It concludes that a well-designed demand-side rental housing program
would help reduce the nation's urban housing problems. In particular, such a
policy would be more cost-effective and more conducive to residential choice
than public housing and other supply-side programs.


   A. Overview of Federal Rental Housing Policy

 Federal policy addressing the problems of low-income households who rent [*294]
apartments historically has consisted of two strategies. First, the federal
government has employed supply-side policies, such as public housing  n28 and
project-based assistance,  n29 that directly increase the number of affordable
housing units in the public and private markets. Beginning with the Housing Act
of 1937,  n30 which created public housing, national low-income rental policy
was exclusively supply-side for several decades.  n31

    The second and more recent federal approach has been the demand-side
household-based Section 8 program, which provides funding assistance to
households who choose among existing housing units in the private market. After
the turbulent events of the late 1960s, many housing experts and policy makers
began to advocate demand-side policies. By promoting residential choice,
demand-side policies supposedly would help disperse the inner-city poor and
induce housing quality improvements.  n32 At the urging of the Nixon
Administration, Congress established the Experimental Housing Allowance Program
(EHAP) in 1970.  n33 In 1974, Congress added to the National Housing Act several
new housing programs,  n34 including household-based Section 8.  n35

    Household-based Section 8 assistance has become an increasingly important
component of national housing policy.  n36 In 1995, the program subsidized
approximately 1.5 million housing units, compared to 1.4 million units in the
conventional public housing program, and 1.8 million in other project-based
[*295]  programs.  n37

    In fact, both the Clinton Administration and Congress have plans to increase
the role that Section 8 subsidies will play in federal housing policy. Under the
Administration plan, for example, HUD would roll all project-based assistance,
including public housing, into one housing certificate program to assist
low-income households in paying rent and obtaining mortgages. A complete
nationwide transition to household-based aid would occur within six years.  n38
Similarly, a Republican bill that has passed the Senate would provide residents
of distressed public housing with demand-side subsidies to use anywhere in the
private rental market.  n39

   B. Advantages of Demand-Side Housing Programs

 If it were structured appropriately, a demand-side program like Section 8 would
be better than supply-side housing strategies in several respects. A sound
demand-side housing program would be a comparatively inexpensive  n40 policy to
provide poor families access to many moderately priced housing opportunities
throughout metropolitan areas.  n41 Although the economic effects of a large
demand-side program are complex, one thorough study has concluded that "at least
at a qualitative level, a rent subsidy policy would on balance have positive
efficiency and equity consequences. Program participants would be aided with
little likelihood of severe, unintended housing market repercussions."  n42
Meanwhile, supply-side policies, despite their name, are generally inefficient
at increasing the supply of low-income housing.  n43  [*296]

    Perhaps most important, a well-designed demand-side housing program would be
a superior means of promoting residential choice for low-income and minority
households. If a demand-side program provides sufficient rental subsidies and
housing search assistance, then recipient households can choose among housing
options in higher-income urban and suburban neighborhoods. In contrast, public
housing and other supply-side policies generally limit recipients to subsidized
buildings in poorer and less politically powerful neighborhoods.  n44
Furthermore, unlike many recipients of supply-side subsidies, recipients of a
truly mobile demand-side subsidy would not bear the social stigma of residing in
housing complexes created for the poor.  n45

    A demand-side housing program, therefore, can be a mobility strategy  n46 to
promote racial and socioeconomic integration throughout metropolitan areas.  n47
Of course, many poor residents with demand-side subsidies may still face
obstacles to residential choice, including racial discrimination and the lack of
public transportation in suburban areas. Nonetheless, providing mobile rental
subsidies and housing search assistance to poor families could be an important
step toward reversing the increasing residential segregation of the minority
poor. Moreover, a demand-side housing policy and other mobility programs would
complement remote employment and place-based policies  n48 and help to [*297]
reverse the economic decline associated with the urban concentration of poverty.
n49

    A sound demand-side housing program should lie at the center of the federal
government's rental housing policy. Note several caveats, however. First, the
success of a demand-side program depends on its design. For example, a poorly
structured demand-side policy that does not ensure housing mobility would not
help reduce the concentration of poverty. Indeed, if the policy neither
encouraged mobility nor provided strong incentives for rent bargaining, it would
cause inflation in low-income rental housing markets, thus harming those poor
people not receiving rental subsidies.  n50 Second, demand-side programs alone
may be inadequate in housing markets that lack a sufficient supply of adequate
housing for reasons such as local rent control or natural disaster. Third, the
general advantages of demand-side policies do not justify a hasty termination of
existing supply-side programs. In particular, a quick end to direct
subsidization of public housing units could unnecessarily ruin certain housing
projects not yet ready to compete on the market and could provoke rapid decline
of urban neighborhoods.  n51 Nonetheless, a well-structured demand-side program
is an important means to promote affordable housing and residential choice for
low-income urban families.

   III. Overview of the Section 8 Household-Based Program

 Does the current Section 8 program achieve the potential benefits of
demand-side housing strategies? To prepare the groundwork necessary to answer
this question, this Part describes the administrative structure of Section 8
policy as it exists in February 1996. Section 8 policy actually consists of two
[*298]  similar programs known as the certificate and voucher programs. Both
programs allocate resources to PHAs, allowing them to assist certain poor
households in renting apartments in the private market.  n52 PHAs establish
selection and waitlist priorities according to federal and local regulations, as
described below. Once a household qualifies for assistance, it generally has 60
days to find a landlord willing to accept the subsidy, or else it loses its
opportunity and must move to the bottom of the PHA waiting list.  n53 If an
owner agrees to lease to a Section 8 enrollee, the PHA inspects the apartment
for compliance with federal housing quality standards and reviews the lease to
ensure that it meets federal standards.  n54 If the apartment and lease are
satisfactory, the PHA signs a Housing Assistance Payment contract with the
owner,  n55 in which the PHA agrees to pay the owner a fixed monthly amount
according to formulae described below. The PHA subsequently conducts rent
adjustments,  n56 housing reinspections,  n57 and income reexaminations.  n58
HUD reimburses the PHA for the subsidy and administrative costs.  n59

    The original Section 8 program, still predominant today,  n60 is known as
the certificate program. Households with certificates generally may only lease
apartments which have gross rents:  n61 1) at or below the local Fair Market
Rent (FMR) established by HUD;  n62 and 2) reasonable under local market
conditions and not in excess of comparable unassisted units.  n63 The PHA pays
to the landlord a subsidy representing the difference between the contract rent
and 30% of the household's monthly adjusted gross income.  n64 The PHA also
[*299]  pays a utility allowance to either the landlord or subsidy recipient.
n65

    The voucher program  n66 is similar to the certificate program in many
respects, but it has a different payment structure.  n67 The PHA establishes a
voucher payment standard schedule based on unit size, roughly equivalent to the
FMR.  n68 The PHA normally pays to the owner the difference between the payment
standard and 30% of the family's monthly adjusted income.  n69 The PHA payment
to the owner, however, may not be more than the amount by which the actual rent
to the owner (plus an applicable utility allowance) exceeds 10% of the family's
monthly gross income.  n70 Unlike certificate holders, therefore, households
with vouchers do not always pay 30% of their adjusted income for rent. If a unit
rents for less than the payment standard, a household with a voucher benefits by
paying less than 30% of its adjusted income for rent, subject to the minimum
rent computation. On the other hand, if a unit rents for more than the payment
standard, a household with a voucher may rent the unit by paying more than 30%
of its adjusted income for rent.

    Eligibility for the certificate and voucher programs is generally limited to
"very low-income" families whose annual income does not exceed 50% of the median
income for the area, adjusted for family size. Certain exceptions exist for
certain "low-income" families, with annual incomes less than 80% of adjusted
median income, who have been displaced from other housing programs.  n71 Until
recently, PHAs also were required to issue at least 90% of household-based
subsidies to federal preference holders,  n72 defined as eligible households
that were paying more than 50% of family income for rent, were living in
substandard housing, or had been involuntarily displaced from their housing.
n73 PHAs could implement their own systems of admission priorities, known as
local preferences, provided that their prioritization schemes do not [*300]
conflict with the federal preference system or fair housing laws.  n74 The 1996
Balanced Budget Downpayment Act, however, abolished the system of federal
preferences,  n75 but it continues to allow PHAs to employ local preferences.

    A PHA may deny or terminate assistance only on grounds specifically
identified in the regulations. For example, it may refuse to assist a household
that owes money to the PHA, has committed fraud in a housing assistance program,
has breached program rules, or has engaged in drug-related or violent criminal
activities.  n76 On the other hand, it may not deny assistance to a household
which is a poor housekeeper, has a bad rent paying history, has previously been
evicted, or has unfavorable landlord references.  n77

    Section 8 households tend to be poor families with children. Recipient
households have an average annual income of less than $ 8000  n78 and receive
annual housing subsidies of about $ 4800.  n79 About 60% of the households have
children.  n80

    Over 2500 PHAs administer household-based subsidies, assisting low-income
households in every state and metropolitan area.  n81 Most PHAs serve a single
city or county and also operate public housing programs. In addition, 137 state
and regional PHAs with multi-county service areas provide assistance to
approximately 220,000 families.  n82

   IV. Ensuring Equity

 Although household-based Section 8 has the potential to dramatically enhance
the lives of poor people, it suffers from fundamental flaws that cause certain
groups of potential recipients to be denied assistance unfairly. Remedying these
problems requires radical solutions, including targeting assistance more
narrowly and reducing failure rates by relaxing program rules.


   A. Targeting Assistance More Narrowly

 The federal eligibility rules for Section 8 certificate and voucher programs
are fundamentally unfair. First, the rules set an upper income limit of 50% of
area median income, adjusted for family size. Under this provision, many [*301]
households with incomes far above the poverty line receive assistance.  n83 At
the same time, because of funding limitations, only about one-third of very low
income households actually receive federal rental subsidies.  n84 The current
structure therefore violates concepts of vertical and horizontal equity.

    Second, both the old and revised rules concerning assistance priorities
among households are inadequate. Because the Section 8 program is not an
entitlement program, it does not ensure housing assistance for all eligible
households. Instead, poor families must often wait months, or even years, on PHA
waiting lists in order to receive assistance.  n85 Under the old system of
federal preferences, PHAs were required to give priority status to three
categories of applicants: those paying more than 50% of family income for
housing, those living in substandard housing (including the homeless), and those
involuntarily displaced from housing.  n86 Recently, however, Congress
eliminated the federal preference system entirely.  n87

    The old federal preference system created unfortunate inequities among poor
households. For example, the preference for families with high rent burdens
inadvertently penalized those families who had tried to make ends meet by
renting units of somewhat inadequate quality or size, or in undesirable
neighborhoods, rather than renting more expensive units that they could not
afford.  n88 These families could end up waiting years on the PHA waiting list,
while other households (including those with incomes near 50% of area median
income, or nearly twice the poverty line)  n89 rented overly-expensive
apartments and obtained priority housing status. Similarly, the federal
preference for households living in housing of substandard quality created
perverse incentives for households to take advantage of the system in order to
avoid long stints on waiting lists.  n90  [*302]

    Although Congress was justified in ending preferences based on high rent
burden and inadequate housing quality, it inappropriately terminated the
preference for involuntarily displaced households. This preference ensured
relatively rapid housing assistance for poor households who had lost their homes
because of natural disaster, government redevelopment activities, a landlord's
commercial conversion of the apartment, hate crimes, or other causes.  n91 By
abolishing this preference, Congress abdicated its responsibility to the
nation's neediest families.

    A better eligibility standard would target federal rental housing assistance
more narrowly than the current system, perhaps to households with incomes below
35% of area median income,  n92 while restoring the preference for involuntarily
displaced households. Given budget constraints, the proposed policy would still
only serve a portion of the eligible population. Nonetheless, by concentrating
resources on a smaller pool of households, lowering the income limit would help
reduce the horizontal and vertical equity problems inherent in the current
system.  n93 Moreover, this proposal would protect the most vulnerable poor
families who become homeless through no fault of their own.  [*303]


   B. Reducing Failure Rates

 Another major defect in the Section 8 program is that certain program enrollees
fail to find adequate housing within the required time limit. A household may
spend years on the PHA waiting list only to be given sixty days  n94 in which to
find an apartment. If the household fails to identify an available unit that
satisfies housing quality standards and federal rent requirements in the
appropriate time period, it loses its eligibility for Section 8. If the
household has not become entirely frustrated with the program, it would have to
reapply for benefits and wait its turn again. Studies indicate that substantial
failure rates exist around the country. A national study conducted from 1985 to
1987 found failure rates of 35% for the voucher program and 39% for the
certificate program.  n95 Another study conducted in 1993 showed a combined
failure rate of 18%.  n96

    HUD officials mistakenly claim that the 1993 study demonstrates that high
failure rates are no longer a problem.  n97 This assertion, however, is
incorrect for several reasons. First, the results of the 1993 study do not
actually indicate that failure rates have decreased from the 1985-1987 study.
Given the small overlap in PHAs included in both samples and the variability in
their failure rates, the difference between the studies is not statistically
significant.  n98 Additionally, experts believe that a temporary looseness in
the rental housing market may have caused the most recent drop in failure rates.
n99 Moreover, even according to the 1993 study, failure rates remain
particularly high in certain metropolitan housing markets. The New York City
failure rate in 1993, for example, was thirty-eight percent.  n100

    Finally, even an eighteen percent failure rate is unacceptably high because
the households that fail to find apartments are often those households most in
need of assistance. Data from both Section 8 and EHAP studies indicate that
"large families, single-parent households, and minority households are more
likely than other groups to live in substandard housing" that does not meet
[*304]  program quality standards.  n101 Because of the quality standards
imposed by the Section 8 program, these households do not have the option of
leasing their current apartments but instead must try to find adequate housing
elsewhere. Unfortunately, these families often face substantial discrimination
in the private housing market.  n102 Therefore, families who live in poor
quality housing when they become eligible for Section 8 assistance are much more
likely than families in adequate housing to lose their Section 8 subsidy by
failing to find a qualifying apartment.  n103 As currently implemented, the
household-based Section 8 program violates the principle of progressivity
because it fails to help those households most in need of assistance.

    Several appropriate policy reforms would contribute to reduced failure
rates. In the context of improving housing mobility, Part V will describe four
such proposals: 1) the Section 8 program should improve PHAs' incentives to
offer quality housing counseling and landlord outreach; 2) the program should
allow enrolled households more time to search for an apartment; 3) the
government should deregulate certain aspects of the landlord-tenant relationship
in order to induce higher landlord participation, thus making the housing search
easier for enrolled households; and 4) the program should include strict
anti-discrimination policies to discourage landlords from flatly denying rental
opportunities to Section 8 recipients.

    These reforms, however, may not eliminate qualifying failures for those
households facing intense discrimination in the local housing market, or for
those households that are unable or unwilling to engage in an intensive housing
search throughout the area. Policy makers should therefore consider a radical
(and surely controversial) reform: the elimination of the housing quality and
inspection system altogether for all able-bodied recipients (thus excluding the
elderly and disabled), who would then be expected to make their own
determinations regarding housing quality.

    Paradoxically, the housing quality and inspection system, though designed to
protect tenants, has actually harmed many of the poorest families. As [*305]
described above, families who live in poor quality housing are much more likely
than families in adequate housing to lose their Section 8 subsidy by failing to
find a qualifying apartment. Without the inspection requirement, households who
are unable to locate housing that meets the federal guidelines would at least
not lose their valuable subsidies.

    Abolishing housing quality standards and inspections is unlikely to harm the
health or safety of program participants for several reasons. First, the federal
housing quality and inspection system has proven quite ineffective. For example,
PHAs that operate project-based Section 8 units often fail to conduct
inspections properly. According to the HUD Inspector General, for example,
nationwide in 1993 only thirty-nine percent of the required inspections of
project-based Section 8 units were actually conducted.  n104 Administrative
problems and shortages of inspectors are among the causes of this problem.  n105

    Moreover, a sophisticated empirical comparison between subsidized households
with and without required inspections indicate that inspections have little
effect on housing quality.  n106 These data suggest that able-bodied households
are generally quite capable of identifying quality housing. In removing minimum
housing standards from its demand-side subsidy program, the U.S. would join the
ranks of the Federal Republic of Germany, Finland, the Netherlands, Sweden, and
the United Kingdom.  n107

    Finally, the other proposals in this Note would allay possible negative
effects of an end to inspections. For example, the payment structure reforms
suggested in Part VI would provide incentives for households to shop for better
quality housing. At the same time, the mobility reforms outlined in Part V would
ensure that new Section 8 recipients who did not want to stay in their original
apartments could locate quality housing elsewhere, and that households could
move from their existing dwellings if conditions deteriorate. In this context,
ending the inspection system would allow the poorest and most vulnerable
households to take advantage of the large benefits of household- based
subsidies.  [*306]


   V. Promoting Residential Choice and Mobility

 One of the original objectives of household-based Section 8 was to promote
residential choice and mobility among the urban poor. The 1974 Housing and
Community Development Act itself stated that household-based subsidies were
designed to assist in "the reduction of the isolation of income groups within
communities and geographical areas and the promotion of an increase in the
diversity and vitality of neighborhoods through the spatial deconcentration of
housing opportunities for persons of lower incomes ...."  n108

    Proponents of the Section 8 household-based subsidy program claim that it
has succeeded in fulfilling this objective.  n109 A comprehensive examination of
existing evidence, however, indicates that the program has generally been
unsuccessful in this regard. This Part examines the current obstacles preventing
Section 8 recipients from exercising residential choice and proposes a number of
policies to promote mobility.

   A. Constrained Mobility Among Section 8 Recipients

 Many families that receive Section 8 household-based subsidies would like to
move to areas of higher income and lower minority concentration. A study in
Hartford indicated that 68% of all Section 8 holders were interested in using
their subsidies to move to the suburbs.  n110 Studies in Boston  n111 and
Chicago  n112 also found that a large portion of Section 8 recipients, including
minorities, wanted to move to higher income urban and suburban locations, where
they perceived the quality of life to be high.  n113 Another recent study
revealed that about 87% of black households are willing to move to a [*307]
neighborhood of twelve white families and only two black families.  n114

    Moreover, sufficient rental housing suitable for Section 8 recipients exists
throughout entire metropolitan regions. For example, HUD has analyzed census
data for ten metropolitan areas to examine the distribution of rental housing
units that would be affordable under the Section 8 program.  n115 Affordable
units account for at least thirty percent of the rental stock in over two-thirds
of all residential census tracts in the metropolitan areas.  n116 This estimate
is conservative because it does not take into account PHAs' ability to approve
exception rent levels of up to one hundred twenty percent of FMRs in order to
expand housing choice in areas outside of high-poverty census tracts.  n117

    Despite both the eagerness of Section 8 recipients to move and the wide
availability of moderately priced rental housing, Section 8 has not
significantly helped the poor move to higher income neighborhoods. The
predecessor to Section 8, the EHAP demand experiment, found virtually no
tendency for experimental households to move with increased frequency into areas
with less poverty or reduced concentrations of their own racial or ethnic group.
n118 Similarly, a Houston study showed that Section 8 did not significantly help
poor minorities to leave poor, minority neighborhoods.  n119 Little difference
existed between the minority-percentage of the tracts lived in by certificate
holders who had moved and the minority-percentage of the tracts lived in by
certificate holders who had stayed in place.  n120 Moreover, few minority
tenants used their Section 8 certificates to move into neighborhoods of low
poverty.  n121  [*308]

    A national study confirms that a household's use of Section 8 causes no
statistically significant change in the minority concentration of its
neighborhood.  n122 Recent data also indicates that a very small percentage of
recipients in urban areas use their subsidies to move to suburban areas.  n123
Perhaps largely as a result of this low mobility, many subsidy recipients remain
dissatisfied with their neighborhood, housing conditions, or both.  n124

   B. Reducing Housing Search Costs

 These studies of housing preferences, housing availability, and Section 8
outcomes suggest that the Section 8 program needs improvement. Evidently,
serious obstacles face many Section 8 enrollees who wish to move to higher
income, less minority-concentrated and/or suburban neighborhoods.

    A full understanding of these obstacles requires a mobility model that
describes the housing decisions of recipient households. Some social scientists
examining people's housing choices employ descriptive models that separate the
different components of a family's decision-making process. Rossi, for example,
distinguishes between a household's decision to move and its decision to select
a new dwelling. According to this model, the household makes plans to move when
dissatisfaction with housing rises above a certain threshold, and it
subsequently chooses a new dwelling among the alternatives evaluated in the
search.  n125 This model is inadequate, however, to explain Section 8
recipients' housing decisions, which are not simple and discrete but rather
complex and dynamic. For example, depending on the results of its housing
search, a household that originally wanted to move may nonetheless decide to
"lease in place," meaning that it uses the Section 8 subsidy to help rent its
original apartment.

    The following model attempts to capture the dynamic nature of the housing
decisions of families enrolled in Section 8. Consider a household living in an
apartment that rents at a level below the FMR but does not satisfy federal
[*309]  quality standards. At the time the household enrolls in the program, it
is dissatisfied with the overall residence  n126 and decides that it wants to
move (Step 1). If unsuccessful in its housing search (Step 2b), the family will
reevaluate its search strategy (Step 3b). As the 60 to 120 day deadline
approaches, the family may decide that it should try to stay in its original
apartment in order not to lose the subsidy. It will then attempt to work with
the landlord to upgrade the apartment to federal quality standards (Step 2a).
Under the threat of losing the subsidy, therefore, a household may revise its
decision regarding whether to stay in its original apartment or move elsewhere.

    This model illustrates two important concepts. First, it suggests that a
household's perception of the openness of the housing market plays an important
role in the household's search activity. Consider a household that believes that
landlords in desired areas would treat it unfavorably (i.e., refuse to rent to
any Section 8 households, or turn the family away for racially discriminatory
reasons). The household may decide against searching for better housing in those
areas because it would value SC<e> (expected search costs) high and FR<e>
(expected value of future residence) low. The household would therefore tend
either to stay in its original apartment, if possible, or to look for housing
only in neighborhoods perceived to be less closed.

    Furthermore, the role of search costs in a family's moving decision helps
explain why enrollees often fail to move outside of their original
neighborhoods, particularly when given only a short time to conduct their
housing searches. Studies have demonstrated that many families lack informal
networks to help them find housing in neighborhoods outside their own, and many
lack the transportation and day care services necessary to facilitate successful
searches in other neighborhoods.  n127 The minority poor also tend to face
[*310]   [*311]  higher "generalized relocation costs"  n128 than do poor white
households.  n129 These search and relocation costs may generally deter minority
families from major residential moves.  n130

   [SEE FIGURE 1 IN ORIGINAL]

   C. Promoting Landlord Participation

 Widespread landlord nonparticipation in the program is perhaps the most serious
obstacle to residential choice facing Section 8 recipients. A recent national
study of landlords  n131 and empirical evidence from many cities  n132 including
Boston  n133 show that many landlords simply refuse to participate in the
Section 8 program. Landlord resistance significantly impedes residential
mobility,  n134 in part because residents narrow their housing searches to
"Section 8 submarkets" where landlords have experience renting to Section 8
recipients.  n135 As suggested by the mobility model, the limited search
strategies of many minority households with housing subsidies show that they
perceive that landlords in certain neighborhoods will simply refuse to rent to
them.  n136

    Several aspects of the regulatory structure reduce landlord participation.
First, a landlord may fear the limitations which Section 8 imposes on her usual
[*312]  ability to get rid of a "problem tenant." Typically, when an unassisted
market lease expires, both the owner and tenant may decide whether or not to
renew the lease under new terms and rent. A landlord who has problems with an
unassisted tenant will avoid the difficulty and cost of an eviction process by
simply refusing to renew the lease at the end of the lease term.  n137 In some
markets, owners reduce their risks further by setting short initial lease terms,
such as ninety days.  n138

    Under the Section 8 program, by contrast, a landlord faces stringent
barriers to removing a tenant. The initial lease term must be annual, with
provisions for automatic renewal after the initial term.  n139 The owner may
only terminate the tenancy upon the grounds specified by the regulations.  n140
Moreover, during the initial lease term, the owner may not terminate the tenancy
for "other good cause" if the family is not at fault.  n141 After the initial
lease term, the owner may choose not to renew the lease, but only if she is able
to demonstrate "good cause" or other sufficient reason for eviction. Judicial
interpretations of the renewal requirement have been strict. For example, one
state court has held that, absent good cause for eviction, a Section 8 tenant
"may remain in the housing for life, and his right to do so is a
constitutionally protected property interest."  n142 The year-long initial lease
term and eviction limitations may impose on the landlord significant impediments
in weeding out disruptive tenants whose behavior does not quite rise to the
level of the "good cause" provision of the regulations. According to one study,
these substantive tenant protections have deterred landlords from participating
in the program.  n143

    Second, landlords may decline to accept Section 8 tenants because of the
[*313]  stringent federal procedural requirements involved in tenant evictions.
n144 The owner, for instance, must notify the PHA in writing of the commencement
of procedures for termination of the tenancy  n145 and must obtain the PHA's
authorization before carrying out an eviction.  n146 The owner must also give
the tenant written notice specifying the grounds for eviction,  n147 with the
length of the notice determined by state law,  n148 and the owner must provide
the tenant and PHA ninety days' notice when planning to terminate or refuse to
renew an assistance contract.  n149 Section 8 tenants under threat of eviction
have standing to challenge deficiencies in the landlord's termination notices on
Due Process and civil rights grounds,  n150 and they may be constitutionally
entitled to an oral hearing.  n151 A landlord's failure to comply with these
procedures renders the eviction invalid.  n152 Like the substantive eviction
protections mentioned above, these procedural rules tend to discourage landlords
from participating in the Section 8 program.  n153

    The final major obstacle to increased landlord participation is that
landlords generally can use Section 8 status as a pretext for discriminating
against families on the basis of race, gender, or number of children. Case law
makes clear that a potential tenant generally has no due process rights against
a landlord because the landlord is "free to accept applications only from those
persons he or she expects to be responsible tenants, and the Section 8 program
does not constrain the owners' judgment on that question."  n154 A landlord,
therefore, can generally turn down an applicant simply on the basis of the
applicant's status as a Section 8 recipient.  n155 One observer believes that
racial discrimination against minority families, rather than any shortage of
rental units, is the main reason that Section 8 holders have such difficulty
finding [*314]  available rental units.  n156

    Paradoxically, current law also discourages a landlord from trying out the
Section 8 program. Once an owner accepts one Section 8 resident in any of her
properties, the owner may not refuse to lease a unit renting at or below the FMR
to any other certificate or voucher holder if the proximate cause of the refusal
"is the status of such prospective tenant as a holder" of Section 8 benefits.
n157 While this provision was intended to enhance residential choice, it
probably discourages landlords from experimenting with the Section 8 program and
further limits the acceptability of Section 8 in general.  n158

    Two reforms, adopted in conjunction, would remedy these problems of landlord
participation. The first proposed reform would require owners to treat Section 8
tenants in the same way that they treat other tenants. Under this proposal,
owners would have the right to limit the initial lease term, to decide whether
or not to renew a lease, and to undertake evictions in accordance with state and
local rules. Section 8 residents, however, could lodge a counterclaim against
landlords who apply different lease or eviction standards to them as compared to
other tenants. At the same time, Section 8 residents would retain the
protections provided to all renters in the local jurisdiction, including, where
allowed, the right to escrow rent for failure of the owner to provide quality
housing as promised. Because the PHAs often pay most of the rent burden of
Section 8 recipients, regulations would have to mandate that PHAs cooperate with
Section 8 tenants who withhold rent for good cause.  n159

    This policy would generate significant benefits. It would promote
residential choice and mobility because it would cause more landlords to
participate in the program. It would protect the rights of Section 8 tenants by
ensuring that landlords not impose different lease conditions on them than on
other tenants in the property.  n160 Finally, the proposal would promote
horizontal equity. Current Section 8 eviction protections exacerbate the
horizontal inequities already existing between recipients of household-based
Section 8 recipients and [*315]  the millions of very low income families who do
not receive housing subsidies. Non-recipients currently receive neither federal
resources nor federal eviction protections. Under this reform, however, Section
8 tenants and other tenants would all be treated equally.

    In addition, Congress should enact a federal source-of-income
nondiscrimination law barring landlords from turning away Section 8 applicants
because of their status as Section 8 holders or because of the requirements that
the Section 8 program may impose on landlords.  n161 This nondiscrimination
requirement would be similar to existing regulations imposed on landlords who
have participated in certain federal housing programs.  n162

    Federal nondiscrimination provisions are necessary because state fair
housing protections are insufficient. Only a few states bar landlords from
refusing to rent to a family because the family receives housing subsidies or
other public assistance.  n163 Although these state statutes survive federal
preemption challenges,  n164 they probably do not significantly deter landlords
because state enforcement of fair housing laws is generally inadequate.  n165

    Moreover, all of the existing state laws except the Massachusetts statute
may allow landlords to refuse a tenant on the grounds that the Section 8
requirements are unduly onerous. The former Massachusetts law, which is [*316]
similar to the other existing state laws, prohibited discrimination against a
tenant receiving rental assistance "solely because the individual is such a
recipient."  n166 In Attorney General v. Brown,  n167 the Massachusetts Supreme
Judicial Court reversed the grant of summary judgment against a large landlord
who systematically refused to rent to Section 8 holders. The landlord claimed
that he was not discriminating against Section 8 applicants on the grounds that
they were recipients of such assistance.  n168 He asserted that instead he had
legitimate business reasons for refusing to accept Section 8 applicants,
including the disadvantages of the Section 8 lease form and the program's
limitations on required rent advances and security deposits.  n169 The court
held that these business reasons, if true, would legitimize the landlord's
practices. As a result of this decision, the Massachusetts legislature
subsequently added to the law a provision prohibiting discrimination "because of
any requirement of such public assistance, rental assistance, or housing subsidy
program."  n170

    An appropriate federal nondiscrimination provision, therefore, must bar two
types of discrimination: discrimination based simply on the applicant's status
as a Section 8 holder and discrimination based on the requirements of the
Section 8 program.  n171 Such a provision might be expected to reduce
discrimination against Section 8 recipients. Local fair housing centers could
easily conduct fair housing audits to test the effect of "Section 8 status,"
just as they currently test for discrimination based on race, gender and
presence of children.  n172 They could then bring suit against landlords under
federal fair housing law which, unlike state law, imposes significant penalties.
n173 Certainly some landlords who do not wish to accept Section 8 recipients
might attempt to circumvent the provision by developing stringent requirements
for applicants, including cosigner requirements, credit checks, and rent history
checks,  n174 all of which Section 8 holders might tend to fail more than
non-Section 8 tenants applying for the same units. Nonetheless, a
nondiscrimination requirement would at least discourage the egregious bans on
Section 8 [*317]  applicants practiced by many landlords.

   D. Encouraging Local Mobility

 Even if these reforms were adopted, however, some Section 8 enrollees may be
unable to locate satisfactory apartments. This Section of the Note proposes
essential reforms that would lower the housing search costs of Section 8
recipients, thereby reducing the enrollee failure rate and helping families to
locate better housing opportunities in more widely dispersed areas. First, the
federal government should impose PHA performance standards for housing
counseling and landlord recruitment, including standards that require PHAs to
identify appropriate housing opportunities outside of areas of concentrated
poverty. Such a policy would encourage PHAs to stop their current practices of
steering minorities inadvertently "to certain neighborhoods by passively
providing rental listings that include primarily landlords who have notified the
PHA of apartment openings."  n175

    Effective housing counseling would both expand the geographic search of
Section 8 enrollees and reduce failure rates. For example, EHAP studies revealed
that minority movers receiving housing counseling services in tight markets
succeeded in qualifying for the program 65% of the time, while only 26% of
minority movers with no services succeeded.  n176 Similarly, the Boston
Department of Public Welfare (DPW) conducted a multi-year housing counseling
effort involving active recruitment of landlords through mailings and contacts
with local realtor groups.  n177 DPW also authorized housing search workers to
advance "holding" fees of one-half month's rent to property owners to cover the
period between the landlord's agreement to rent to a homeless family and the
local PHA's housing inspection and subsidy authorization.  n178 As a result, the
failure rate of homeless families with children was 5% or less throughout the
very tight rental market of 1985 to 1990.  n179 By contrast, the Voucher
Demonstration Study conducted in the mid-1980s found a failure rate of more than
53% among all enrollees in the Section 8 household-based subsidy program run by
the Boston Housing Authority.  n180

    Outreach and counseling alone are important but not comprehensive [*318]
elements of a complete assisted move strategy. The empirical data set forth
above suggest that search costs severely constrain the housing choices of poor
and minority families. The government should therefore consider providing
resources to families to lower their expected search costs through targeted
assistance for transportation and day care during the search.

    Another important policy to promote residential choice would be to relax the
time requirements for Section 8 enrollees' housing searches to 180 days. Under
HUD's current regulations, Section 8 enrollees have as little as 60 days to find
a willing landlord.  n181 These rules significantly narrow the housing
opportunities of those who face serious transportation constraints or
discriminatory barriers in the housing market. In some cases, these households
end up returning their certificates or vouchers to the PHA. In other cases, time
pressures may force them to choose housing units and/or neighborhoods of poor
quality  n182 or to lease in place when they would prefer to move.  n183
Extending the search time would significantly help those least able to find
housing quickly.

   E. Encouraging Regional Mobility

 The reforms described above, while important, do not address the special
obstacles facing families in central cities who wish to move to suburban areas
under the jurisdiction of another PHA.  n184 A household that receives a Section
8 demand-side subsidy from an urban PHA often faces serious difficulties in
locating housing opportunities in suburban areas. Although the household is
allowed to use the subsidy in a "portable" manner by moving to another
jurisdiction,  n185 the urban PHA loses significant administrative fees for
transferred subsidies.  n186 "Because of this potential loss of administrative
fees, the current Section 8 portability system tends to threaten the PHA's
vested interests and create an incentive to discourage participating families
from [*319]  moving out of the jurisdiction."  n187

    The urban resident typically faces similar resistance from suburban PHAs,
many of whom want to exclude low-income minorities from neighboring cities.
Suburban PHAs often employ local residency preferences  n188 and various
informal and illegal means  n189 to avoid issuing subsidies to non-residents.
n190 In light of these practices, a suburban PHA is also unlikely to be eager to
assist a low-income minority household receiving Section 8 from an urban PHA who
wants to find housing in the suburban PHA's jurisdiction. The administrative
system thus strongly discourages many urban families from finding housing in
suburban areas. Moreover, urban PHAs are under no obligation to provide Section
8 enrollees with any information about suburban housing opportunities.

    These limitations on interjurisdictional mobility result from the strong
spirit of localism inherent in the 1937 Housing Act, which is supply-side in
origin but provides the administrative structure for demand-side Section 8
policies. This legislation empowered local housing authorities (later named
Public Housing Agencies) to control the construction and operation of public
housing projects.  n191 PHAs usually formed at the "smallest possible political
subdivision,"  n192 as part of the express federal policy of providing
localities maximum control of housing policy.  n193 Local control may have been
a necessary element of a national supply-side housing policy because
construction and siting decisions are, arguably, best performed by local
authorities. However, by grafting demand-side Section 8 policy onto this system
of local control, Congress impeded the very goal of regional mobility that it
hoped demand-side Section 8 would advance. The self-interest of urban and
suburban PHAs have combined to significantly limit residential choice for urban
Section 8 residents.

    Several different types of solutions could remedy this problem of limited
interjurisdictional mobility. Abolishing the local Section 8 delivery system in
[*320]  favor of a state-run system would be the most radical and perhaps the
most effective policy.  n194 Residents would apply to a state-run waiting list,
and states would contract with regional governmental or non-profit agencies that
would certify income eligibility, provide housing counseling, and conduct
landlord outreach throughout metropolitan areas.  n195 The federal government
could also establish performance-based incentives encouraging states to achieve
low failure rates and high movement of recipient households away from
neighborhoods of extreme poverty. Under this proposal, local PHAs would be
stripped of their role in operating demand-side housing programs, but would
still operate supply-side housing programs.

    Regional housing mobility programs also represent a promising, though more
limited, method of promoting residential choice among subsidy recipients. A
federal regional housing mandate could require local PHAs to fund regional
organizations that would operate housing mobility programs, such as housing
counseling and landlord outreach, while the PHAs would still operate waiting
lists and certify Section 8 eligibility. In certain cases, courts have required
regional housing counseling and landlord outreach programs that have proven
quite successful. For example, the Gautreaux Assisted Housing Program in
Chicago, operated by the Leadership Council for Metropolitan Open Communities,
provides a comprehensive counseling, placement and support program to help black
n196 Section 8 holders locate apartments in metropolitan Chicago neighborhoods
with minority populations of less than thirty percent.  n197 Soon, the program
will have placed over 7000 households,  n198 more than half of them in the
Chicago suburbs.  n199 The Leadership Council operates a highly contested
phone-in registration one day a year, registering 2000 families out of more than
10,000 estimated callers.  n200 Participants have one hundred [*321]  eighty
days from the time they attend a briefing to find housing.  n201 A housing
counselor discusses with the household members the application process, reviews
their credit, rental, personal and family history, and assists them in
submitting information to the landlord. The counselor is then available to
assist the family for ninety days after the move-in date with any questions or
concerns.  n202 The program has generated significant employment and educational
benefits from suburban moves  n203 at a cost of only about $ 1000 extra per
household.  n204

    Despite the success of housing mobility programs in Chicago and elsewhere,
n205 the federal government has not adequately incorporated such features into
its Section 8 program. In 1992, Congress did adopt a national pilot project
known as the Moving to Opportunity for Fair Housing demonstration program.  n206
In the face of opposition from suburban residents in Baltimore and elsewhere,
however, a Senate and House joint conference committee later killed a $ 149.1
million provision that would have financed the program's expansion.  n207

    Even if the federal government does not regionalize the operation of housing
counseling and landlord outreach, it still should act more forcefully to
encourage urban and suburban PHAs to promote interjurisdictional residential
choice. For example, the government could provide fee incentives to encourage
"receiving PHAs" in higher income areas to compete among each other for outside
residents.  n208 Similarly, a revised administrative fee structure could
encourage central city PHAs to place residents in other jurisdictions,
especially in neighborhoods of low poverty concentration. Finally, the
government could require all PHAs to be more aggressive in identifying potential
landlords in less distressed neighborhoods,  n209 and could mandate the sharing
of landlord information among PHAs within a metropolitan region. The Section 8
program will only be effective if PHAs begin to view interjurisdictional moves,
especially moves from high to low poverty areas, to be in their best interest.

    A few urban PHAs already have implemented sound housing mobility programs.
For example, the Hartford PHA has contracted with a non-profit [*322]
organization that initiates outreach to suburban realtors, regularly collects
and posts suburban rental listings, disseminates information about suburban
transportation and services, and coordinates with volunteers in suburban towns
willing to take Section 8 recipients on tours of their neighborhoods.  n210 By
April 1993, nearly three hundred families had permanently moved to suburban
jurisdictions. More than ninety percent of participants were people of color who
moved from impoverished urban areas to much more prosperous suburban
neighborhoods.  n211

   VI. Harnessing the Power of Choice With the Rental Payment Structure

 As described in Part III, the certificate and voucher programs adopt somewhat
different formulae for calculating the share of the rent paid by the household
and the PHA at different rent levels. Unfortunately, neither payment structure
adequately promotes important policy objectives of housing quality and
cost-effectiveness because neither scheme fully motivates households to search
for and negotiate better housing bargains. This Part proposes program
consolidation under an improved payment structure.  n212

    In the certificate program, the household must find a unit renting at or
below the Fair Market Rent (FMR).  n213 PHAs pays to the landlord the difference
between the contract rent and 30% of the household's monthly adjusted gross
income. In the voucher program, the PHA sets a payment standard roughly
equivalent to the FMR, but the household can choose a unit renting at any price.
The PHA then pays the owner the difference between the payment standard and 30%
of the family's monthly adjusted income. The PHA payment to the owner, however,
may not exceed the amount by which the actual rent to the owner exceeds 10% of
the family's monthly gross income.

    Administrators hoped that the voucher program would encourage households to
shop for apartments with lower rents by allowing households to capture the full
benefit of the rent reduction. If a unit rents for less than the payment
standard, the family benefits by paying less than 30% of its monthly adjusted
income for rent, subject to the minimum rent computation. On the [*323]  other
hand, if a unit rents for more than the payment standard, the family is free to
rent the unit, but it must pay the entire difference between the rent and the
PHA's payment.

    For detailed examples of these two payment structures, see Figures 2, 3 and
4. In both cases, the FMR is $ 800, the household's gross monthly income is $
1200, and its adjusted monthly income is $ 1000. This hypothetical household has
a gross monthly income of $ 1200 and an adjusted monthly income of $ 1000, and
it must find an apartment with a rent below the FMR of $ 800. No matter how much
the apartment rents for, the household will always have to pay $ 300. Depending
on the amount that the landlord charges, the PHA payment could range from $ 0 to
$ 500 (the difference between the FMR and the household payment).

    In the voucher example, the household will receive assistance if it rents
any apartment priced above $ 120 (10% of its monthly gross income). As rents
increase from $ 120 to the voucher payment "corner" of $ 620 (10% of monthly
gross income plus the difference between the FMR and 30% of adjusted monthly
income), the PHA payment increases from $ 0 to $ 500 (the FMR minus 30% of
adjusted monthly income) while the household payment remains constant at $ 120.
Above rents of $ 620, the PHA payment remains constant at $ 500 while the
household payment increases to cover the difference.

    The pricing structure of the certificate program violates several objectives
of low-income rental housing policy. First, it is not a cost-effective means of
assuring quality affordable housing. Because household payments are constant
over the range of rents, recipients pay no additional out-of-pocket costs for
higher rent units. They therefore have no incentive to economize on rent or
negotiate with landlords. Instead, "it is in their interest to gain the greatest
value of additional subsidy beyond their contribution. As a consequence,
landlords of units somewhat below FMR submarket quality have an incentive to
raise rents to FMR, even if they do not upgrade."  n214 By contrast, voucher
recipients do have an incentive to economize in negotiating rents for all rent
levels above the voucher payment "corner" ($ 620). A large national study
confirms that certificate recipients pay significantly more than voucher
recipients for housing at comparable quality levels.  n215

   [SEE FIGURE 2, 3, AND 4 IN ORIGINAL]

    [*324]   [*325]   [*326]   [*327]  A related incentive problem with the
certificate program occurs during the succeeding years of a household's
eligibility. Once a household qualifies in a dwelling, it has no reason to
negotiate annual rent increases with the landlords; as long as the landlord will
accept HUD-established adjustments, the certificate holder's situation is
unchanged.

    Moreover, the certificate program generally prevents households from
spending more than 30% of their adjusted monthly income on housing. This
provision runs counter to the principle of residential choice. For households
that place a special premium on the quality of housing or neighborhood location
in relationship to their other consumption possibilities, this limitation is
particularly onerous.

    Like many other problems with household-based Section 8, the poor design of
the certificate program's payment structure is a legacy of supply-side housing
programs. Since its inception, the certificate program has carried with it the
same simple rent formula of public housing, in which households pay a fraction
of their adjusted monthly income (now thirty percent) and the government makes
up the difference. While this formula may make sense in the context of public
housing, where tenants are unable to search for better housing bargains, it does
not operate well in the private market because it provides no incentives for
households to shop or bargain for quality affordable housing.

    In different ways, the voucher program also fails to provide sufficient
incentives for households to improve the quality of their housing. Consider a
family living in an apartment that already qualifies under the housing quality
standards and that rents an apartment priced below the FMR. For several reasons,
the voucher program creates enormous incentives for that family to lease in
place rather than attempt to find better or more economical housing. First, for
all rents higher than the voucher payment "corner" ($ 620 in this example), the
PHA payments remain constant at $ 500. A household currently renting an
apartment at or above the "corner" amount has little incentive to move to better
housing, because it would have to pay the full amount of any quality increases
entirely out of its own pocket.

    Second, households currently paying less than the voucher payment "corner"
in rent can save an inordinate amount of rent (the difference between the
current rent and 10% of monthly gross income) by simply using Section 8
subsidies to lease their current apartments. A household currently paying $ 600
a month, for example, would receive a full $ 480 a month from the PHA to remain
in the same apartment. In light of these savings and the costs of a housing
search, moving is hardly worthwhile. This lease-in-place effect is especially
pronounced in rent-controlled areas. In New York City, for example,  [*328]  an
estimated 85% of voucher recipients remain in their same apartments.  n216 Many
of these households did not achieve an increase in housing or neighborhood
quality but rather transformed the housing subsidy into a pure income transfer.

    The final problem with the voucher program is that at rents below the
voucher payment "corner," households living in low-cost apartments or searching
in low-cost housing markets have little incentive to economize. Because
household payments are constant at rents below the payment "corner," recipients
who had been living in this range pay no additional out-of-pocket costs for
higher-rent units. They therefore are not encouraged to bargain hard with their
existing landlords to keep the rents low.

    The proposed payment structure shown in Figure 5 largely remedies the
problems caused by the payment structures of the certificate and voucher
programs.  n217 Under the proposed structure, a household can only rent units
that cost at least 10% of the household's monthly gross income ($ 120). At that
level, all of the rent payments must be made by the household. As the rent
increases from that level to the FMR, the PHAs payments increase from $ 0 to the
difference between the FMR and 30% of adjusted monthly income (to $ 800 minus $
300, or $ 500), while the household payments increase from 10% of monthly gross
income ($ 120) to 30% of adjusted monthly income ($ 300). At rents above the
FMR, PHA payments remain constant, as in the voucher program.

    This proposal would have several advantages over the current certificate and
voucher programs. Perhaps most important, it would restore the shopping
incentive entirely absent from the certificate program and absent from the
voucher program at rents up to the voucher payment "corner." By mandating that
households always pay out of pocket in order to obtain higher levels of
government subsidies, the proposal would hold down rents by encouraging
households to search and bargain for good housing values.  n218 Also, unlike the
[*329]   [*330]  current certificate program, the proposed payment structure
would allow recipient families to pay more than 30% of their adjusted income if
they wish, thus enabling certain families to place a premium on housing and
neighborhood quality.  n219

   [SEE FIGURE 5 IN ORIGINAL]

    Moreover, this proposal would minimize households' incentives to lease in
place. First, unlike the voucher program, the proposed payment structure would
not hold PHA payments constant for all rent levels up to the FMR. Because the
PHA would help pay for increases in housing quality, households currently
renting inexpensive units would have a significant incentive to shop for better
housing. Second, households under this program would not benefit as much from
remaining in place as they would in the voucher program. As shown in Figures 4
and 5, the PHA payment in the proposed program would be less than the PHA
payment in the voucher program for all rent levels below the FMR. Finally, the
mobility provisions suggested in Part V would reduce incentives to lease in
place by enabling households to engage in a wider search for housing that better
satisfies their needs. The revised payment structure, combined with the mobility
reforms, would motivate Section 8 recipients to shop and bargain for quality
housing in locations of their choice.


   VII. Conclusion

   A. Why Not Cash?

 In certain ways, many of the proposals in Parts IV and V would radically
simplify the Section 8 program. Indeed, eliminating inspections and certain
lease requirements could be viewed as the first step toward removing the federal
government from the messy details of housing policy altogether. Ultimately, the
federal government could provide assistance solely through crude means such as
refundable shelter tax credits  n220 or direct cash transfers.

    A restructured Section 8 program, however, would generate important benefits
that an income transfer program would not. Because PHAs make payments directly
to landlords under the proposed policy, the public cannot easily claim that
recipient families are spending the benefits on non-housing goods, although some
substitution certainly occurs. The program therefore maintains a certain amount
of legitimacy even in times of fiscal tightening.

    Furthermore, unlike an income transfer program, the proposed subsidy program
involves PHAs in monitoring the lease arrangements, thus assuring [*331]  that
reported tenant rent payments correspond to actual payments. This oversight is
necessary not only to save costs but also to ensure the effectiveness of the
shopping and bargaining incentives built into the proposed payment structure.

    A comprehensive demand-side housing policy also generates unique and
important positive externalities.  n221 For example, the system of program
enrollment encourages responsible tenancies. Households are deterred from
engaging in egregious conduct because they face potential eviction and the
threatened loss of federal rental assistance.  n222 Also, the program arguably
creates beneficial side-effects from residential integration of different race
and socioeconomic classes.

   B. The Republican Proposals

 Current Republican housing legislation in the House and Senate  n223 envisions
dramatic changes to many federal housing programs, including the household-based
Section 8 program. The Senate passed its housing reform bill on January 10,
1996,  n224 while the House version was reported to the full House on February
1, 1996.  n225 Although the two bills differ in several respects, careful
examination reveals that both would exacerbate many of the Section 8 program's
existing defects.

    For example, the Republican proposals would increase current inequities in
the Section 8 program. As described in Part IV, Congress should reduce the
current income eligibility limit, which currently is 50% of area median income.
n226 The current legislation, however, would increase the limit by allowing PHAs
to provide assistance to families with incomes at or below 80% of area median
income.  n227 As one expert notes, "about 60 percent of all [*332]  renter
households and 40 percent of the U.S. population have incomes within 80 percent
of the area median."  n228 Because these plans would not increase expenditures
to cover the expanded pool of applicants, these proposals effectively would
transfer substantial resources from the poor to the middle class, violating the
principle of progressivity. Furthermore, the Republican proposals would not
restore the important federal preference for involuntarily displaced families,
n229 nor would they end mandatory inspections,  n230 which achieve little
benefit while imposing serious inequities on program recipients.

    The current housing reform bills also would not promote residential choice
and mobility. For example, neither bill requires PHAs to reduce search costs
through such policies as improved housing counseling and landlord outreach,
extended search times, or transportation and child care assistance. In fact,
each bill contains provisions reflecting a bias against moves of poor people to
urban areas. The Senate version, for example, explicitly repeals the Moving to
Opportunity program referred to in Part V.  n231 Similarly, the House bill would
require a special study regarding the overconcentration of Section 8 recipients
in Chicago suburbs, as proposed by a Republican Congressman who originally
wanted to put a moratorium on the use of Section 8 in these areas.  n232

    Also, the Republican proposals would not reduce the problems arising from
the decentralized operation of Section 8 housing assistance. Neither bill, for
instance, would encourage PHAs to work together to prepare and distribute
regional information about available landlords.  n233 Moreover, the House bill
would discourage urban PHAs from promoting interjurisdictional mobility because
it would completely take away lucrative administrative fees from PHAs when
subsidy recipients move to other jurisdictions.  n234 The House bill also would
compound existing problems of undue local control by allowing PHAs the
discretion to set subsidy levels. Potentially, PHAs experiencing pressure from
middle-class residents could establish very low subsidy levels in order to
prevent poor families from moving into higher-income neighborhoods.  n235
[*333]

    Additionally, the Republican legislation would not balance appropriately the
rights of landlords and tenants. The bills do end certain unnecessary burdens on
landlords, such as the endless lease requirement.  n236 Unfortunately, neither
proposal would establish appropriate anti-discrimination provisions to prevent
landlords from refusing to accept Section 8 families as tenants. Moreover, the
House proposal would provide landlords with greater eviction powers over Section
8 tenants than they have over other tenants. The bill would permit a landlord to
evict a Section 8 family at any time merely for "other good cause,"  n237 even
though under most state laws a landlord may not evict a tenant during the lease
if the tenant is not in breach of lease provisions.  n238

    Finally, the House and Senate bills include payment schemes that would be
significantly worse than the payment structure suggested in Part VI. The Senate
bill, for example, would establish a payment schedule almost identical to the
certificate program,  n239 thus discouraging households from bargaining for
affordable, quality apartments. The House bill is no better. By allowing PHAs to
develop their own methods for calculating subsidy levels,  n240 the bill would
not ensure that appropriate shopping and bargaining incentives are built into
the Section 8 payment structure.

    In short, the Republican legislative proposals would not resolve the crises
of unaffordable housing and limited residential choice facing poor urban
families. The bills would redirect assistance to higher income families, fail to
promote residential choice, and create perverse payment structures.


   C. The Potential for Reform

 Although the reforms proposed in this Note would dramatically improve the
Section 8 program, they would undoubtedly encounter significant resistance from
several interest groups. For example, local PHAs would strongly resist the
proposal to end their involvement in the Section 8 program entirely. They
probably also would resent the more limited proposal to require regional housing
mobility programs operated by regional government agencies or non-  [*334]
profit organizations.  n241 Also, some white suburban residents would vigorously
oppose mobility measures because of racism and out of fear that an influx of
poor people would cause increased crime and would overburden local schools and
social services.  n242 Furthermore, some minority politicians in urban areas
might oppose mobility efforts for fear that a dispersal strategy would weaken
their power base.  n243 Landlord representatives would complain about certain
features of the proposals, such as the source-of-income nondiscrimination
requirement,  n244 and tenant advocates would denounce the proposed elimination
of inspections and the proposed removal of certain eviction protections.  n245

    Despite the breadth of potential opposition, the proposals outlined in this
Note are necessary improvements to the Section 8 program. The revised enrollment
procedures would more fairly allocate the limited assistance available and would
ensure that subsidy recipients can actually use their subsidies in the private
market. At the same time, the mobility provisions would provide poor residents
with maximum residential choice, generating some corresponding increase in
socioeconomic integration throughout metropolitan areas. Finally, the revised
payment structure would capture the power of this increased choice, thus
improving the program's cost-effectiveness and residents' housing quality. Once
restructured, Section 8 can finally become an effective tool in the fight
against the nation's housing problems.  [*335]


   Appendix

 This Appendix confirms several arguments of the Note with reference to New
Haven, Connecticut and surrounding suburbs. As occurs in many metropolitan
areas, the City of New Haven has dramatically higher concentrations of poverty
and racial minorities than do the nearby suburban towns.  n246 Even though the
suburbs have significant numbers of apartments that are affordable under the
Section 8 program,  n247 the overwhelming majority of black urban households
receiving Section 8 remain in the poorest neighborhoods of the City of New
Haven.  n248 Finally, like other urban PHAs, the Housing Authority of the City
of New Haven does not provide significant suburban housing options to its
Section 8 recipients.  n249

    These data and maps obviously only provide a crude glimpse into the
demography and Section 8 patterns of Greater New Haven, and the results are not
necessarily indicative of other urban areas. Nonetheless, the following
presentation suggests how quantitative tools and mapping technology can help
policy makers and the public understand the geography of poverty and housing in
urban areas.


   1. Urban Concentration of Poverty and Racial Minorities

 The socioeconomic characteristics of the City of New Haven contrast sharply
with the features of twelve surrounding suburban towns shown in Map A. As seen
in Figure 6, for example, the City of New Haven has only 30% of the total
population of Greater New Haven, but the city has 62% of the area's population
under the poverty line and 75% of the area's black and Hispanic populations.

    Maps B through E further illustrate the geography of socioeconomic
characteristics in the Greater New Haven area. Information was extracted from
1990 U.S. Census data available on CD-ROM  n250 and compiled using MapInfo, a
Geographic Information Systems software package. The maps present the data at
the smallest possible resolution, a Census unit known as a [*336]  "block
group."  n251

   2. Widespread Availability of Qualifying Housing

 Census data confirm that Section 8 recipients could access significant
affordable housing opportunities throughout the Greater New Haven area in 1990.
The one-bedroom and two-bedroom FMRs for that year were $ 581 and $ 684,
respectively.  n252 After subtracting utility allowances for natural gas
appliances,  n253 households could pay $ 501 and $ 586 a month respectively for
one-bedroom and two-bedroom apartments.

    Figure 7 and Maps F, G, and H show the geographical distribution of units
with contract rents at or below $ 500, as revealed by the 1990 Census. Note that
this investigative technique seriously underestimates the number of two-bedroom
apartments available to Section 8 households because it fails to show the
apartments with monthly rents between $ 500 and the rental ceiling of $ 586.
Nonetheless, a comparison between these results and the distribution of public
assistance recipients in Map D suggests that a significant amount of affordable
housing did exist outside of the most impoverished urban neighborhoods in 1990.


   3. Geographic Concentration of Urban Section 8 Recipients

 Most black households receiving Section 8 assistance from the Housing Authority
of the City of New Haven use their subsidies in poor neighborhoods within the
city limits. In May 1995, black households received about 55% of the
certificates and vouchers operated by the Housing Authority.  n254 Figure 8
shows that most of these black families remained in the City of New Haven,  n255
and Maps I, J, and K use geocoding technology to show that these [*337]
families concentrated in certain neighborhoods, particularly in areas with high
poverty rates.

    Absent in-depth interviews or regression analyses, these composite data do
not explain the residential decisions of Section 8 recipient households in the
City of New Haven. For example, some black families may choose to remain in
low-income urban locations because of their desire to remain close to family and
friends. Nonetheless, the national data presented in the Note  n256 suggest that
a substantial portion of these households would prefer to move to affordable
housing in better neighborhoods, either in the City of New Haven or its suburbs.
Lack of housing information and lack of adequate transportation may limit
recipients' ability to move to the neighborhoods of their choice.

   4. Lack of Suburban Housing Information for Urban Section 8 Recipients

 Urban PHAs generally are not effective at helping households to move to
suburban locations.  n257 Not surprisingly, therefore, the Housing Authority of
the City of New Haven provides only minimal information to households wishing to
move to suburban locations, as demonstrated by the official landlord list the
Housing Authority provided to Section 8 recipients in May 1995.  n258 Map L
shows that the list contained 296 apartments, more than 95% of which were in the
city itself, with only about 4% in Hamden and 1% in West Haven.  n259 The
location of advertising landlords probably results from the nature and extent of
the Housing Authority's outreach efforts, as well as from geographic variations
in rental markets and landlord attitudes. Note the similarity between the
distribution of advertised rental units and the areas of high minority
concentration shown in Map J, providing confirmation of the Section 8 submarket
effect suggested by national studies.  n260

   [SEE FIGURES AND ACCOMPANYING FOOTNOTES IN ORIGINAL]




Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Labor & Employment LawDiscriminationRacial DiscriminationCoverage &
DefinitionsPublic Health & Welfare LawHousing & Public BuildingsLow Income
HousingReal Property LawLandlord & TenantRent RegulationGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Henry G. Cisneros, Break Up Pockets of Poor in Cities, USA Today, June 15,
1993, at 13A.




n2.  Meeting of the Planning Committee for the Techwood-Clark Howell Public
Housing Development, in Atlanta, Georgia (July 14, 1995) (attended by author)
(discussing difficulties that face public housing residents who try to use
Section 8 certificates in private market as they attempt to relocate from public
housing complex facing demolition and mixed-income redevelopment).




n3.  Although PHAs generally operate locally, some have statewide jurisdiction.
See 42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)(6) (1995). Unless otherwise specified, the term PHA
refers here to local agencies. See Philip D. Tegeler, Housing Segregation and
Local Discretion, 3 J.L. & Pol'y 209, 216 n.29 (1994). Recently revised
certificate and voucher regulations use the term Housing Agencies (HAs). 24
C.F.R. 982.1(a) (1996).




n4.  Supply-side programs target funds to specific units in the public and
private housing markets, in contrast to demand-side programs that provide money
to recipients to find housing on their own.




n5.  For convenience, this Note uses the term "Section 8 program" to refer only
to the demand-side, or household-based, Section 8 program. See infranote 35
(listing supply-side Section 8 programs).




n6.  HUD Voucher System Debate Steams Forward as Cuts Loom (NPR radio broadcast,
Sept. 26, 1995) (transcript on file with the Yale Law & Policy Review).




n7.  Housing and Urban Development Oversight: Hearings before the Subcomm. for
Veterans' Affairs, Housing and Urban Development and Independent Agencies of the
Senate Comm. on Appropriations, LEXIS FDCH Cong. Testimony, Jan. 26, 1995
(statement of Michael A. Stegman, Assist. Sec. for Pol. Devel. and Research,
HUD) (citing the 1993 American Housing Survey (AHS)). Some observers contend
that this affordability data is unreliable because poor households tend to
understate their actual income. See, e.g., Robert C. Ellickson, The Untenable
Case for an Unconditional Right to Shelter, 15 Harv. J.L. & Pub. Pol'y 28, 28-30
(1992). But see Cong. Budget Office, The Challenges Facing Federal Rental
Assistance Programs 16-18 (1994) (explaining that AHS indicators may understate
the actual share of income that poorest households pay for housing) [hereinafter
Cong. Budget Office].




n8.  Cong. Budget Office, supra note 7, xiii.




n9.  Id. at 18 (stating that improvements in quality account for only about
thirty-five percent of total rent increases). One cause of the rental increases
is the loss of inexpensive rental units in the central cities. See William C.
Apgar, Jr., An Abundance of Housing for All but the Poor, in Housing Markets and
Residential Mobility 53, 120-21 (G. Thomas Kingsley & Margery Austin Turner
eds., 1993) (describing large losses of urban low-cost rental units over past
two decades) [hereinafter Housing Markets].




n10.  See John C. Weicher, Private Production: Has the Rising Tide Lifted All
Boats?, in Housing America's Poor 45, 45-51 (Peter Salins ed., 1987) (detailing
continuing improvements in housing quality and size for poor and minorities).
But seeWilliam C. Apgar, Jr., Recent Trends in Housing Quality and
Affordability: A Reassessment, in Housing Issues of the 1990s 37 (Sara
Rosenberry & Chester Hartman eds., 1989) (concluding that "improvement in
housing conditions has stalled in the period since 1974").




n11.  John D. Kasarda, Inner-City Concentrated Poverty and Neighborhood
Distress: 1970-1990, 4 Hous. Pol'y Debate 253, 265 (1993).




n12.  Id. at 263 (stating that in 1990, 80% of those in tracts with at least 40%
poverty rates were black or Hispanic). Even after controlling for housing
affordability, both blacks and Hispanics are disproportionately concentrated in
the central city. Margery Austin Turner & Ron Wienk, The Persistence of
Segregation in Urban Areas: Contributing Causes, in Housing Markets, supra note
9, at 193, 197 (stating that 41% of low-cost housing units in central city are
occupied by blacks compared to only 13% of suburban housing units in same price
range).




n13.  Edwin S. Mills & Bruce W. Hamilton, Urban Economics 313-21 (1989). Compare
William Julius Wilson, The Truly Disadvantaged: The Inner City, the Underclass,
and Public Policy (1987) (claiming that flight of black middle-class is
important cause of concentration of black poor) with Douglas S. Massey, American
Apartheid: Segregation and the Making of the Underclass, 96 Am. J. Soc. 329
(1990) (asserting that racial segregation is better explanation for
concentration of black poverty).




n14.  Michael H. Schill, Distressed Public Housing: Where Do We Go From Here, 60
U. Chi. L. Rev. 497, 504-17 (1993) (describing historical patterns of
discrimination in siting of public housing).




n15.  In a national study of paired testers, blacks and Hispanics experienced a
53% and 46% chance respectively of experiencing discrimination when
investigating any single advertised apartment for rent. Margery Austin Turner et
al., Housing Discrimination Study: Synthesis 42 (1991).




n16.  Advisory Comm'n on Regulatory Barriers to Affordable Housing, "Not in My
Back Yard": Removing Barriers to Affordable Housing, 2-1 to 2-14 (1991).




n17.  Keith R. Ihlandfeldt & David L. Sjoquist, The Impact of Job
Decentralization on the Economic Welfare of Central City Blacks, 26 J. Urb.
Econ. 110, 125 (1989).




n18.  See, e.g., John D. Kasarda, Urban Change and Minority Opportunities, in
The New Urban Reality 33, 61 (Paul Peterson ed., 1985) (stating that urban
social service delivery perpetuates concentration of inner-city poor).




n19.  Committee for Economic Development, Children in Need: Investment
Strategies for the Educationally Disadvantaged 39-40 (1987) (stating that
inner-city public schools lack resources and employ poor pedagogy).




n20.  Michael H. Schill, Deconcentrating the Inner City Poor, 67 Chi. Kent L.
Rev. 795, 800 (1991) (stating that the weight of evidence confirms that location
of inner-city poor households, especially black households in urban North and
Midwest, constrains their ability to escape from poverty). If poor families move
from areas of concentrated poverty to higher income areas, their educational
attainment and employment rates increase significantly. For example, the
Gautreaux Assisted Housing Program in Chicago allocated demand-side subsidies to
poor households who were assigned to urban areas or wealthier suburbs in a
mostly random fashion. Significant educational and employment benefits accrued
to those households moving to the suburbs. See Gautreaux v. Landrieu, 523 F.
Supp. 665, 668-69 (N.D. Ill. 1981), aff'd sub nom.  Gautreaux v. Pierce, 690
F.2d 616 (7th Cir. 1982); James E. Rosenbaum et al., Can the Kerner Commission's
Housing Strategy Improve Employment, Education, and Social Integration for
Low-Income Blacks?, 71 N.C. L. Rev. 1519, 1523 (1993) (describing study
methodology); James E. Rosenbaum & Susan J. Popkin, The Gautreaux Program: An
Experiment in Racial and Economic Integration, 1 The Center Report: Current
Policy Issues 2-3 (1990) (presenting data showing that suburban movers
demonstrated significant employment and educational advantages over urban
movers).




n21.  Jonathan Crane, The Epidemic Theory of Ghettos and Neighborhood Effects on
Dropping Out and Teenage Childbearing, 96 Am. J. Soc. 1226 (1991).




n22.  Douglas S. Massey et al., Segregation, the Concentration of Poverty, and
the Life Chances of Individuals, 20 Soc. Sci. Res. 397, 409-11 (1991).




n23.  D. P. Hogan & E. M. Kitagawa, The Impact of Social Status, Family
Structure and Neighborhood on the Fertility of Black Adolescents, 90 Am. J. Soc.
825 (1985).




n24.  Anne C. Case & Lawrence F. Katz, The Company You Keep: The Effects of
Family and Neighborhood on Disadvantaged Youths 19 (National Bureau of Economic
Research Working Paper No. 3705, 1991).




n25.  Id.




n26.  An alternative second objective could be to force certain poor households
to move to higher-income neighborhoods. Forced dispersion, however, would anger
many poor people, and it would probably provoke even more resistance among
receiving neighborhoods than have programs of voluntary dispersion. For a
description of neighborhood reaction to a voluntary mobility policy, see
Mariano, infra note 207 (describing suburban resistance to special Section 8
mobility program).




n27.  This Note therefore does not address home-ownership programs; state or
local housing policies; housing for the elderly or disabled; or rural housing
issues.




n28.  42 U.S.C. 1437 (1995). See Fred Fuchs, Introduction to HUD Conventional
Public Housing, Section 8 Existing Housing, Voucher, and Subsidized Housing
Programs: Part I: Conventional Public Housing, 25 Clearinghouse Rev. 782 (1991)
[hereinafter Fuchs I].




n29.  Project-based assistance attaches tenant rental subsidies to specific
units built and managed by private actors. 1437f (1995). See Fred Fuchs,
Introduction to HUD Conventional Public Housing, Section 8 Existing Housing,
Voucher, and Subsidized Housing Programs: Part II: Section 8 Existing Housing,
Voucher, and Subsidized Housing, 25 Clearinghouse Rev. 990 (1991) [hereinafter
Fuchs II].




n30.  Pub. L. No. 75-412, 50 Stat. 888 (1937), codified as amended at 42 U.S.C.
1437 (1995).




n31.  See Marc Bendick, Jr. & Raymond J. Struyk, Origins of an Experimental
Approach, in Housing Vouchers for the Poor: Lessons from a National Experiment
23-27 (Raymond J. Struyk & Marc Bendick, Jr. eds., 1981) (describing history of
congressional consideration of demand-side proposals). In 1965, Congress
established the Section 23 leasing program and the rent supplement program, both
of which helped tenants rent privately-owned housing units. Under these
programs, however, subsidized tenants generally could not choose their own
apartments because the subsidies were tied to specific units. See id. at 26-27.




n32.  President's Committee on Urban Housing, A Decent Home: The Report of the
President's Committee on Urban Housing 47-48 (1968) (known as the Kaiser
Committee Report).




n33.  Pub. L. No. 91-609, 504. 12 U.S.C. 1701z-3 (1970). Policy makers used the
results of the EHAP demand experiments to develop and refine the Section 8
household-based subsidy program. See Marc Bendick, Jr. & Anne D. Squire, The
Three Experiments, in Housing Vouchers for the Poor: Lessons from a National
Experiment 51, 57-58 (Raymond J. Struyk & Marc Bendick, Jr. eds., 1981)
(describing demand experiments).




n34.  Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Pub. L. No. 93-383, 88
Stat. 633 (1974).




n35.  42 U.S.C. 1437f (1995); 24 C.F.R. Part 982 (1996). Note that the Section 8
housing program also includes several supply-side programs including new
construction, substantial and moderate rehabilitation, and project-based
existing housing. 24 C.F.R. Parts 880, 881, 882, 983 (1996).




n36.  From 1977 to 1994, the proportion of all federally-assisted renters
receiving household-based subsidies increased from 8% to 28%. Green Book, U.S.
House of Representatives Comm. On Ways and Means, Overview of Entitlement
Programs: 1994 Green Book 819 (1994).




n37.  Rochelle L. Stanfield, Vouching for the Poor, 27 Nat'l J. 1094, 1095
(1995).




n38.  Departments of Veterans' Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, and
Independent Agencies Appropriations for 1996: Hearings before the Subcomm. for
Veterans' Affairs, Housing and Urban Development and Independent Agencies of the
Senate Comm. on Appropriations, 104th Cong., 1st Sess. 26 (May 2, 1995)
(statement of Henry G. Cisneros, Sec., HUD) (describing Administration's
proposal).




n39.  S. 1260, 104th Cong., 2nd Sess. 120 (1996) (requiring conversion of
distressed public housing to tenant-based assistance).




n40.  Schill, supra note 14, at 537-38 (concluding that virtually all empirical
studies agree that certificates and vouchers are cheaper than supply-side
programs); President's Comm'n on Privatization, Privatization: Toward More
Effective Government 11 (1988) (stating that 20-year cost of a public housing
unit is more than twice the cost of providing certificates or vouchers);U.S.
Dep't of Hous. & Urb. Dev., Will It Cost More to Replace Public Housing with
Certificates? (Issue Brief No. 1, 1995) (stating that Section 8 portable
certificates are cheaper than public housing even if capital and modernization
expenses of public housing are not considered).




n41.  See infra note 116 and accompanying text.




N42.  Jerome Rothenberg et al., The Maze of Urban Housing Markets: Theory,
Evidence and Policy 300-01 (1991). Because a demand-side program would reduce
demand for very low quality housing, owners of such buildings might tend to
abandon them. Id. at 296. To avoid this problem, a demand-side program could be
supplemented by a carefully targeted supply-side program that provides upgrading
subsidies for these buildings. Id. at 301.




n43.  Weicher, supra note 10, at 59 ("Subsidized housing production is in large
part a substitute for private production that would probably have occurred
without the program. The two most detailed studies, by Michael Murray and Craig
Swan, conclude that most public housing has simply replaced private new
construction in the long run, although the substitution effect takes a few
years."); see also Rothenberg et al., supra note 42, at 309-33 (detailing
inefficiencies of supply-side new construction and rehabilitation programs).




n44.  Although households with demand-side subsidies may not be welcomed in some
exclusionary neighborhoods, these individual families probably generate less
antipathy than do supply-side multi-family housing structures. See Mary A.
Davis, Gautreaux Assisted Housing Program 2 (May 20-21, 1991) (unpublished
manuscript submitted to the Urban Institute for its Urban Opportunity Conference
on Housing Markets and Residential Mobility, on file with the Yale Law & Policy
Review) (stating that siting supply-side housing programs for the poor often
proves difficult in suburban and middle-income neighborhoods because of
political opposition); Schill, supra note 14, at 504-17 (describing patterns of
discrimination in siting of public housing); see also John C. Weicher, The
Voucher/Production Debate, in Building Foundations: Housing and Federal Policy
263, 277 (Denise DiPasquale & Langley C. Keyes eds., 1990) ("Production programs
are sometimes favored over existing housing programs because they circumvent the
problem of discrimination and directly provide minorities with access to decent
housing. Production programs can certainly achieve these objectives, but the
record of Section 8 New Construction indicates that success is not automatic.").




n45.  Although some supply-side projects reduce the stigmatization problem by
incorporating middle-class tenants, this strategy is quite costly and results in
scarce subsidy dollars being given to the less poor. Barbara Sard, The
Massachusetts Experience with Targeted Tenant-Based Rental Assistance for the
Homeless: Lessons on Housing Policy for Socially Disfavored Groups, Part II, 1
Geo. J. on Fighting Poverty 216, 218 (1994) [hereinafter Sard II].




n46.  Other mobility programs include reducing exclusionary land use regulations
to allow multi-family housing in suburban areas, providing better public
transportation and day care services in higher-income suburban and urban
neighborhoods, and strictly enforcing anti-discrimination laws.




n47.  Some assert that dispersionist housing programs are dangerous because they
may diminish the political power and cultural bonds of minorities. See, e.g.,
John O. Calmore, Fair Housing v. Fair Housing: The Problems with Providing
Increased Housing Opportunities through Spatial Deconcentration, 14
Clearinghouse Rev. 7, 9-12 (1980). Housing mobility programs, however, provide
real and dramatic benefits to assisted households and thus allow poor residents
to decide for themselves the importance of larger political and cultural
objectives.




n48.  Remote employment policies provide inner-city workers with access to jobs
in higher-income urban or suburban areas. See, e.g., Mark A. Hughes, Antipoverty
Strategy Where the Rubber Meets the Road: Transporting Workers to Jobs, in
Housing Markets, supra note 9, at 283, 296-307 (giving examples of successful
reverse commute programs). Place-based policies provide resources to low-income
areas for objectives such as education, crime prevention, health care, housing,
and economic development.




n49.  Reducing the concentration of poverty through residential mobility should
stimulate economic development and residential growth, enhance job opportunities
for remaining households, and increase per capita tax revenue that could be used
to fund community services. Schill, supra note 20, at 816-17; see also Edwin S.
Mills, Open Housing Laws as Stimulus to Central City Employment, 17 J. Urb.
Econ. 184, 188 (1985) (presenting evidence that facilitating black
suburbanization may increase employment and residential growth in central
cities).




n50.  Well-designed demand-side subsidies cause recipients to move from
low-quality to moderate-quality housing, thus decreasing the price of
low-quality housing. Arthur O'Sullivan, Urban Economics 447-49 (1993). However,
if recipient households are not able to rent in neighborhoods with
moderate-quality housing and if the subsidy is not structured to encourage
recipient households to bargain down rents with their landlords, then
low-quality housing prices would actually increase.




n51.  See Restructuring the Federal Government: Hearings before the Subcomm. for
Veterans Affairs, Housing and Urban Development and Independent Agencies of the
Senate Comm. on Appropriations, 104th Cong., 1st Sess. 1035 (Feb. 9, 1995)
(statement of Gordon Cavanaugh on behalf of the Council of Large Public Housing
Authorities) (describing HUD transition plan away from public housing as "poorly
conceived and disastrous" because it would "jeopardize the housing plant and
leave housing hulks to blight neighborhoods").




n52.  Section 8 certificates are largely household-based, but the PHA may use up
to fifteen percent of its certificate resources on project-based assistance. 42
U.S.C. 1437f(d)(2)(A) (1995).




n53.  The PHA also has the discretion to extend the search term up to 60
additional days. 24 C.F.R. 982.303(b)(1) (1996).




n54.  Id. at 982.305.




n55.  Id. at 982.451.




n56.  Id. at 882.108 (certificate), 887.353(b) (voucher).




n57.  Id. at 982.153(11), 982.405(a).




n58.  Id. at 982.153(15).




n59.  Id. at 982.151.




n60.  In 1995, the household-based certificate program assisted approximately
1,142,000 households, while the voucher program assisted about 324,500
households. Telephone interview with Billy Hall, staff member, HUD Rental
Assistance Division (Feb. 16, 1996).




n61.  Gross rent is the contract rent plus scheduled amounts for utilities. 24
C.F.R. 813.102 (1996).




n62.  The FMR represents the fortieth percentile of local rents of comparably
sized units that have turned over in the last two years. It estimates an
appropriate level of contract rent plus utilities, except telephone service, by
evaluating the cost of local housing, excluding public housing units, newly
built units and substandard units. 24 C.F.R. 888.113 (1996). In certain
situations, the PHA may approve rents higher than the FMR in order to expand
housing choice. 24 C.F.R. 882.106(a) (1996) (explaining when a PHA may approve
exception rent levels at up to 120% of the FMR).




n63.  24 C.F.R. 882.106(b)(1) (1996).




n64.  42 U.S.C. 1437a(a)(1) (1995). Technically, the PHA pays to the landlord
the difference between the rent and either 30% of monthly adjusted gross income
or 10% of monthly gross income, whichever is greater. In almost all cases,
however, 30% of monthly adjusted gross income is larger than 10% of monthly
gross income. Mireille L. Leger & Stephen D. Kennedy, 1 Final Comprehensive
Report of the Freestanding Housing Voucher Demonstration 15 n.1 (1990)
(concluding that 30% adjusted income larger than 10% gross income for 99.4% of
Demonstration's 7,605 certificate recipients). Adjusted gross income represents
total income minus specified deductions. 24 C.F.R. 913.102 (1996).




n65.  24 C.F.R. 813.108 (1996).




n66.  The voucher program was enacted as a demonstration in 1983 and authorized
permanently in 1987. Pub. L. No. 98-181, 97 Stat. 1178, 1181-1183 (codified as
amended at 42 U.S.C. 1437f(o) (1995)); Housing and Community Development Act of
1987, Pub. L. No. 100-242, 101 Stat. 1849-1853, 1878, 1890.




n67.  Note that a recent law imposes minimum rents of between $ 25 and $ 50 on
both certificate and voucher recipients. 1996 Balanced Budget Downpayment Act,
Pub. L. No. 104-99, 402(a), 110 Stat. 26 (1996).




n68.  42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)(1) (1995); 24 C.F.R. 887.351 (1996) (stating that
payment standard may not be less than 80% of the FMR, nor more than either FMR
or HUD-approved communitywide exception rent).




n69.  42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)(2) (1995); 24 C.F.R. 887.353(a)(1) (1996).




n70.  42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)(2) (1995); 24 C.F.R. 887.353(a)(2) (1996).




n71.  24 C.F.R. 982.201(a)(ii) (1996); see also 42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)(2) (1995).




n72.  24 C.F.R. 982.207(b) (1996).




n73.  24 C.F.R. 982.207(a)(2) (1996). The PHAs could determine the relative
weight of the federal preferences. 24 C.F.R. 982.207(a)(3)(ii) (1996). About
half of unassisted very low-income families could qualify for federal
preferences, largely because they spent more than half their income on rent.
Sard II, supra note 45, at 184.




n74.  24 C.F.R. 982.207(g) (1996).




n75.  1996 Balanced Budget Downpayment Act, Pub. L. No. 104-99, 402(d), 110
Stat. 26 (1996) (to be codified at 42 U.S.C. 1437f(d)(1)(A), 1437f(o)(3)(B)).




n76.  24 C.F.R. 982.552(a) (1996).




n77.  Fuchs II, supra note 29, at 992.




n78.  Jim McTague, So Long, Projects? Clinton Wants More Housing Vouchers for
the Poor, Barron's, Feb. 6, 1995, at 18 (examining voucher recipients).




n79.  Office of Pol'y Dev. & Res., U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urb. Dev., Section 8
Administrative Fees: A Report to Congress 6 (1994) [hereinafter HUD:
Administrative Fees] (1993 estimate).




n80.  Cong. Budget Office, supra note 7, at 45 (1989 estimate).




n81.  HUD: Administrative Fees, supra note 79, at 1.




n82.  Id. at 5.




n83.  Nationally, the poverty level is roughly equivalent to 35% of area median
income. Kathryn P. Nelson & Jill Khadduri, To Whom Should Limited Housing
Resources Be Directed?, 3 Housing Pol'y Debate 1, 3 (1992).




n84.  Together, all federal rental housing programs assisted just over 4 million
households in 1989. Over 8.5 million households with incomes less than 50% of
area median income were not served. Cong. Budget Office, supra note 7, at xii,
xiv.




n85.  For a description of a typical PHA waitlist, see Section 8 Housing
Assistance Payments Program: Hearing Before the Subcommittee on Housing and
Community Development of the House Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban
Affairs, 103rd Cong., 1st Sess. 60 (Nov. 3, 1993) (testimony of Alyce Flanary on
behalf of the National Association of Housing and Redevelopment Officials)
(stating that in Belton, Texas, the average wait for Section 8 assistance was
between two and three years in 1992).




n86.  See supra notes 72-73.




n87.  See supranote 75 and accompanying text.




n88.  Cong. Budget Office, supra note 7, at 50.




n89.  See Sard II, supra note 45, at 197 n.10 (stating that in 1993 the federal
poverty level for a family of three was $ 11,980, while 50% of area median
income for same family in Boston was $ 23,050).




n90.  Although it may seem offensive to speak of people purposefully becoming
homeless or moving into housing of inadequate quality, a Section 8 subsidy
represents a large prize that certainly could induce voluntary displacement.
Comprehensive longitudinal data from New York City confirms that linking
homelessness to priority for permanent housing led to a substantial increase in
the homeless population, a conclusion reached by many observers including Nancy
Wackstein, a former advocate for the homeless who headed the Mayor's Office on
Homelessness and SRO Housing before resigning in frustration. Thomas Main, Hard
Lessons on Homelessness: The Education of David Dinkins, 3 City J. 30 (Summer
1993) (describing rise in homeless population after policy change). But see
Stanley S. Herr & Stephen M. B. Pincus, A Way to Go Home: Supportive Housing and
Housing Assistance Preferences for the Homeless, 23 Stetson L.R. 345 (1994)
(advocating preferences for homeless).




n91.  24 C.F.R. 880.615 (1996).




n92.  See Nelson & Khadduri, supra note 83, at 30 (stating that concentration of
housing problems among extremely low-income households implies that income
limits for all rental assistance should be reduced to around 35% of median
income). Of course, imposing any income limit on Section 8 recipients creates
the "notch effect" common to means-tested social welfare policies. By denying
housing subsidies to families with incomes above a certain level, the program
creates severe work disincentives for families with incomes just below the
income limit. Policies to reduce these disincentives could include a graduated
reduction in benefits as a family's income approaches the income limit, a system
of earned-income disregards, and a policy requiring community service for
unemployed adults receiving housing subsidies. One existing program to create
work incentives among some recipients of Section 8 subsidies is the Family
Self-Sufficiency (FSS) program. 42 U.S.C. 1437u (1995). See 24 C.F.R. 984.102
(1996) ("Under the FSS program, low-income families are provided opportunities
for education, job training, counseling, and other forms of social service
assistance, while living in assisted housing, so that they may obtain the
education, employment, and business and social skills necessary to achieve
self-sufficiency....").




n93.  Two arguments might be advanced against lowering the income eligibility
level. First, limiting the Section 8 program to the extremely poor might further
weaken political support for the program. R. Allen Hays, The Federal Government
& Urban Housing 171 (1985). But see Nelson & Khadduri, supra note 92, at 51
(criticizing efforts to devote scarce housing resources to less needy). Second,
assuming that higher-income households are better tenants than are lower-income
households, lowering the income limit might expose landlords to less responsible
tenants and decrease landlords' participation in the program. Other reforms
suggested in this Note, however, should dramatically increase landlord
participation, even with a poorer pool of Section 8 households. Also, lowering
the income eligibility level would have the advantage of not depleting
inner-city neighborhoods of higher-income households.




n94.  PHAs have the discretion, but not the obligation, to extend the time limit
for households actively seeking housing. See supra note 53.




n95.  Leger & Kennedy, supra note 64, at 49.




n96.  Stephen D. Kennedy & Meryl Finkel, Section 8 Rental Voucher and Rental
Certificate Utilization Study: Final Report 6 (1994).




n97.  See, e.g., U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urb. Dev., Tenant-Based Housing
Assistance Works (Issue Brief No. 2, 1995) [hereinafter HUD: Tenant-based
Housing Assistance Works].




n98.  See Kennedy & Finkel, supra note 96, at ii.




n99.  Id. at Foreword. Section 8 Directors in PHAs attributed the decreased
failure rates to looser rental markets. Although Census data on vacancy rates do
not seem to support this conclusion, the data are for the entire Metropolitan
Statistical Area and thus do not reflect the portion of the market relevant for
Section 8. Id. at 14.




n100.  Id.




n101.  Rachel G. Bratt, The Housing Payments Program: Its Possible Effects on
Minorities, Poor, 40 J. Housing 108, 109 (1983); see also Garland E. Allen et
al., The Experimental Housing Allowance Program, in Do Housing Allowances Work?
1, 25-26 (Katharine L. Bradbury & Anthony Downs eds., 1981) (stating that EHAP
housing requirements induced high failure rates among minority, poor and large
households because of quality of their original housing).




n102.  See Margaret C. Sims, Families and Housing Markets: Obstacles to Locating
Suitable Housing 40-42 (1980) (citing studies showing rental discrimination
against large families); Turner et al., supra note 15, at 42 (demonstrating high
rates of racial discrimination in rental markets).




n103.  SeeLeger & Kennedy, supra note 64, at 46 (reporting 58% failure rates
among households with severely inadequate original housing, 37% for those in
moderately inadequate units, and 26% for those in adequate units); Lorene Yap et
al., Lower Income Housing Assistance Program (Section 8): Nationwide Evaluation
of the Existing Housing Program: Technical Supplement191 (1978) (indicating that
34% of those denied Section 8 assistance despite qualifying for certificate said
that "finding a unit that would pass Section 8 inspection" was major problem).




n104.  Serge F. Kovaleski, Landlords Get Hefty Subsidies Despite Substandard
Housing, Wash. Post, July 27, 1994, at B1.




n105.  John J. Fialka, U.S. Reports Say Some HUD Projects Are Like Slums Due to
Mismanagement, Wall St. J., July 26, 1994, at B9.




n106.  Eric H. Hanushek & John M. Quigley, Consumption Aspects, in Do Housing
Allowances Work? 185, 229 (Katharine L. Bradbury & Anthony Downs eds., 1981)
(analyzing EHAP data and concluding that "when the housing improvements for the
constrained housing group are compared with the changes observed for the control
group and the unconstrained group, the improvements appear rather small").




n107.  E. Jay Howenstine, Housing Vouchers: A Comparative International Analysis
116 (1986).




n108.  Pub. L. No. 93-383, 101(c)(6), 88 Stat. 633 (1974), codified at 42 U.S.C.
5301(c)(6) (1995).




n109.  See, e.g., HUD: Tenant-Based Housing Assistance Works, supra note 97.




n110.  Kim McClain & David Desiderato, Citizens Research Education Network,
Regional Housing Mobility: A Survey of Need in Hartford 5 (1992).




n111.  Elizabeth A. Mulroy, Single-Parent Families and the Housing Crisis:
Implications for Macropractice, 35 J. Social Work 542, 543 (1990) (stating that
nearly all study participants wanted to relocate using Section 8 subsidies and
describing how even those participants who used the subsidies to lease their
current apartments "spent their entire search time trying to access the private
rental market in areas of their preference") (hereinafter Mulroy I).




n112.  The original evaluation of the Gautreaux mobility program found that
about one-half of the regular Chicago Housing Authority Section 8 participants
would have chosen to live in the suburbs if they had been permitted to move with
their subsidies. Kathleen A. Peroff et al., The Gautreaux Assisted Housing
Demonstration: An Evaluation of Its Impact on Participating Households 173
(1979).




n113. " Why would you live there [the projects] when you could move to the
suburbs and pay the same kind of rent... [In the suburbs I] only have to deal
with people who don't like me, right? They're not doing anything to hurt me as
far as I can see. They're not trying to break into my house. They're not trying
to bust my child up the side of his head. They're not trying to lure him into
[gangs and drugs]." Section 8 certificate holder who moved to suburbs, quoted in
Rosenbaum et al., supra note 20, at 1541 n.76 (brackets in original).




n114.  Reynolds Farley et al., Continued Racial Residential Segregation in
Detroit: "Chocolate City, Vanilla Suburbs" Revisited, 4 J. Hous. Research 1, 23
(1993).




n115.  HUD, Tenant-Based Housing Assistance Works, supra note 97 (examining
units at or below fortieth percentile of area rents for standard quality,
unsubsidized, recently occupied units); see also U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urb.
Dev., HUD Reinvention: From Blueprint to Action 35 (1995) (stating that housing
shortages in most urban housing markets "generally occur at the very low end of
the rental market - well below the Fair Market Rent (FMR) calculated at the
fortieth percentile of recently occupied, good quality units").




n116.  Id.




n117.  See supra note 62.




n118.  Peter Rossi, Residential Mobility, in Do Housing Allowances Work? 147,
170 (Katharine L. Bradbury and Anthony Downs eds., 1981); see also Arthur P.
Solomon & Chester G. Fenton, The Nation's First Experience with Housing
Allowances: The Kansas City Demonstration, 50 Land Econ. 213, 220 (1974).




n119.  Robert D. Bullard, Does Section 8 Promote an Ethnic and Economic Mix?, 35
J. Housing 364 (1978).




n120.  More than 78% of the minority nonmovers were in tracts with 70% or more
minority population, while 70% of the minority movers ended up in these tracts.
Id.




n121.  Less than 10% of the sampled minority households lived in tracts with
substantially low poverty (i.e., less than 5% poverty). By contrast, 40% of
white tenants interviewed lived in such low poverty areas. Id. at 365. More
recent data on four metropolitan areas present only somewhat better results.
HUD, Federal Rental Assistance Should Promote Mobility and Choice (Issue Brief
No. 5, 1995) (citing General Accounting Office study concluding that only 36% of
black households use their Section 8 subsidies in areas that have poverty rates
of less than 10%).




n122.  Leger & Kennedy, supra note 64, at 114-15 (stating that changes in
minority concentration of neighborhood were not significant for households of
any race). A previous survey found that recipients of household-based Section 8
subsidies experienced only modest changes in neighborhood minority concentration
after enrolling in the program. Blacks, for example, experienced a mean change
in minority concentration of only -7.8%, and they eventually resided in
neighborhoods that were still about 48% minority. James E. Wallace et al.,
Participation and Benefits in the Urban Section 8 Program: New Construction and
Existing Housing 247 (1981).




n123.  Downsizing Government: Hearings before the Subcomm. on Veterans' Affairs,
Housing and Urban Development and Independent Agencies of the House Comm. on
Appropriations, 104th Cong., 1st Sess. 711 (Jan. 24, 1995) (statement of John C.
Weicher, Senior Fellow at the Hudson Institute) (citing American Housing Survey
data showing that only about one-ninth of subsidy recipients move from cities to
suburbs).




n124.  Cong. Budget Office, supra note 7, at 48 (providing 1989 data showing
that 35% of families with one or two children and 43% of families with three or
more children were dissatisfied with housing obtained through household-based
subsidies).




n125.  Rossi, supra note 118, at 151.




n126. " Residence" includes the characteristics of both the housing and the
surrounding neighborhood. Id. at 149.




n127.  Elizabeth A. Mulroy, The Search for Affordable Housing, in Women as
Single Parents: Confronting Institutional Barriers in the Courts, the Workplace
and the Housing Market 123, 145 (Elizabeth A. Mulroy ed., 1988) (hereinafter
Mulroy II).




n128.  Generalized relocation costs include search, information and transactions
costs, as well as the social and psychic costs of leaving familiar surroundings.
Frank W. Porell, Models of Intraurban Residential Relocation 61 (1982).




n129.  Id. at 131 (presenting data from Wichita demonstrating that "the
distance/generalized cost barriers faced by nonwhite households are more
pervasive" than barriers facing "low-income white household counterparts").




n130.  Id. at 145 ("Most researchers would attribute the powerful distance
deterrent effects found in this study to a variety of factors, such as the
limited spatial awareness of households, the costs of information and search,
moving costs, the psychic costs of breaking social ties, or to institutional
barriers such as housing market discrimination in the case of non-white
households.").




n131.  Meryl Finkel, ABT Associates, Final Report on Recommendations on Ways to
Make the Section 8 Program More Acceptable in the Private Rental Market 10-21
(1994).




n132.  Section 8 Housing Assistance Payments Program: Hearing Before the
Subcommittee on Housing and Community Development of the House Committee on
Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs, 103rd Cong., 1st Sess. 40-50 (Nov. 3, 1993)
(testimony of David Bryson, National Housing Law Project).




n133.  79% of enrollees reported contact with landlords who simply refused to
participate in Section 8. Mulroy II, supra note 127, at 134. One enrollee
reported that certain landlords "told me plain and simple they don't take
Section 8; that's their policy." Id. at 136.




n134.  Departments of Veterans' Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, and
Independent Agencies Appropriations for 1995: Hearings Before the Subcomm. on
Veterans Affairs, Housing and Urban Development and Independent Agencies of the
Senate Comm. on Appropriations, 103d Cong., 2d Sess., Part 6 at 131 (April 26,
1994) (statement of Michael A. Stegman, Asst. Sec. for Pol. Devel. and Research,
HUD) (stating that HUD research indicates that Section 8 does not promote much
mobility or landlord participation).




n135.  Stephen D. Kennedy & Meryl Finkel, Section 8 Rental Voucher and Rental
Certificate Utilization Study: Final Report iv, 72 (1994). These results are
consistent with the mobility model presented above. In formulating its search
strategy, a family will factor in the expected costs of its search and therefore
might avoid searching in those neighborhoods where it believes that landlords
will refuse Section 8 subsidies.




n136.  Francis J. Cronin, Racial Differences in the Search for Housing, in
Modelling Housing Market Search 81, 85-103 (W.A.V. Clark ed., 1982).




n137.  Finkel, supra note 131, at 11.




n138.  Id.




n139.  24 C.F.R. 982.309(b) (1996).




n140.  The listed reasons include: serious or repeated violation of the terms
and conditions of the lease; violation of federal state, or local law which
imposes obligations on the tenant in connection with the occupancy or use of the
dwelling unit and surrounding premises; any criminal activity engaged in by the
tenant, family members or guests that threatens the health, safety, or right to
peaceful enjoyment of the premises by other tenants or nearby residents;
drug-related criminal activity on or near such premises; and other good cause.
42 U.S.C. 1437f(d)(1)(B)(ii)-(iii) (1995); 24 C.F.R. 982.310(a),(c) (1996).
"Other good cause" includes: failure by the family to accept the offer of a new
lease; a family history of disturbance of property, or of living and
housekeeping habits resulting in damage to the unit or property; criminal
activity by family members involving crimes of physical violence to persons or
property; the owner's desire to utilize the unit for non-residential use; and
the owner's desire to terminate the tenancy for business reasons, such as sale
of the property and renovation of the unit. 24 C.F.R. 982.310(d)(1) (1996).




n141.  The owner may not terminate the tenancy for the following reasons:
"failure by the family to accept the offer of a new lease or revision; the
owner's desire to use the unit for personal or family use, or for a purpose
other than as a residential rental unit or a business or economic reason for
termination of the tenancy." 24 C.F.R.982.310(d)(2) (1996).




n142.  Gorsuch Homes, Inc. v. Wooten, 597 N.E.2d 554, 558 (Ohio App. 1992).




n143.  Finkel, supra note 131, at 11-12; see also id. at 7-8 (describing focus
group methodology of the study).




n144.  The landlord, not the PHA, is responsible for evictions. See 24 C.F.R.
982.310(e) (1996).




n145.  24 C.F.R. 982.310(e)(2) (1996). See, e.g., Lamlon Development Corp. v.
Owens, 533 N.Y.S.2d 186, 187 (Dist. Ct. 1988) (barring summary eviction where
landlord has not served copy of termination notice on PHA at same time notice
served on tenant).




n146.  See, e.g., Jennie Realty Co. v. Sandberg, 480 N.Y.S.2d 268, 270 (N.Y.
Sup. Ct. 1984).




n147.  42 U.S.C. 1437f(d)(1)(B)(iv) (1995); 24 C.F.R. 982.310(e)(1) (1996).




n148.  See, e.g., Gallman v. Pierce, 639 F. Supp. 472, 477 (N.D. Cal. 1986).




n149.  42 U.S.C. 1437f(c)(9) (1995).




n150.  See, e.g., Gallman, 639 F. Supp. at 482 (N.D. Cal. 1986).




n151.  See, e.g., Jeffries v. Georgia Residential Finance Authority, 503 F.
Supp. 610, 620 (N.D. Ga. 1980), aff'd, 678 F.2d 919 (11th Cir., 1982), cert.
denied, 459 U.S. 971 (1982); cf.  Swann v. Gastonia Housing Authority, 675 F.2d
1342, 1345 (4th Cir. 1982) (tenant must have opportunity to respond but no
full-fledged hearing required).




n152.  See, e.g., Vanderveer Assoc., No. 5 v. Lewis, 450 N.Y.S.2d 709, 711 (N.Y.
Civ. Ct. 1982).




n153.  Finkel, supra note 131, at 4.




n154.  Germain v. Recht-Golding-Siegel Properties, 745 F.2d 453, 460 (7th Cir.
1984).




n155.  See, e.g., Attorney General v. Brown, 511 N.E.2d 1103 (Mass. 1987)
(reversing grant of summary judgment against large landlord who systematically
refused to rent to Section 8 holders for allegedly legitimate business reasons).
But see Bronson v. Crestwood Lake Section 1 Holding Corp., 724 F. Supp. 148
(S.D.N.Y. 1989) (enjoining landlord from denying admission to Section 8 holders
based on factors that had disparate impact on minorities), final judgment sub
nom. Glover v. Crestwood Lake Section 1 Holding Corp., 746 F. Supp. 301
(S.D.N.Y. 1990).




n156.  Anthony Downs, A Strategy for Designing a Fully Comprehensive National
Housing Policy for the Federal Government of the United States, in Building
Foundations 61, 86 (Denise DiPasquale & Langley C. Keyes eds., 1990).




n157.  42 U.S.C. 1437f(t)(1) (1995). A multifamily housing project is a
residential building containing more than 4 dwelling units. Id.




n158.  Finkel, supra note 131, at 10.




n159.  Id. at 25 n.18.




n160.  An important criticism of this proposal is that Section 8 tenants
generally lack the legal resources to challenge landlords who might violate this
equal treatment protection, particularly in light of current cutbacks in the
resources and capabilities of legal services organizations that receive federal
funding. See Bill Maxwell, The Unfair Rationing of Justice, St. Petersburg
Times, Jan. 14, 1996, at 1D (describing proposed congressional prohibitions on
class action suits in landlord-tenant matters, and quoting one legal services
lawyer stating that "the only thing less popular than a poor person these days
is a poor person with a lawyer"). Perhaps one solution would be to establish a
federal fair housing claim for tenants whose landlords treat them differently
than other tenants with regards to leases or evictions. Because such an
anti-discrimination provision would provide significant financial penalties and
a federal cause of action, aggrieved Section 8 tenants would be better able to
protect their rights.




n161.  See, e.g., Bryson, supra note 132, at 25 (advocating Section 8
nondiscrimination law).




n162.  For example, landlords who acquire projects from HUD under its
multi-family property disposition program cannot refuse tenants solely because
of their status as certificate or voucher holders. 12 U.S.C. 1701z-12 (1995).




n163.  As of May 1995, only nine states and the District of Columbia had such
laws. Conn. Gen. Stat. Ann. 46a-54c(a) (West 1995) (banning discrimination in
housing rental and sales based on lawful source of income), 46a-63(3) (West
1995) (defining lawful source of income to include housing assistance); D.C.
Stat. Ann. 1-2515(a) (1994) (banning discrimination in real property
transactions based on source of income); Md. Ann. Code art.83b, 9-109(3) (Michie
1994) (banning owner interference with efforts of tenants to obtain housing
subsidies and banning discrimination in housing rentals on basis of source of
income or receipt of housing subsidies); Mass. Gen. Laws Ann. ch. 151B, 4(7)
(West 1995) (banning advertisements of housing rentals and sales which indicate
preference or limitation based on public assistance recipiency), 4(10) (West
1995) (banning discrimination against recipients of public assistance or housing
subsidies in housing rentals, either because the individuals are recipients or
because of any requirements of the public assistance or housing subsidy
programs); Me. Rev. Stat. Ann. tit. 5 4582 (West 1995) (banning discrimination
in housing rentals against recipients of public assistance, including housing
subsidies, primarily because of individuals' recipient status); Minn. Stat. Ann.
363.03(2) (West 1995) (banning discrimination in housing rentals and sales based
on status with regard to public assistance); N.D. Cent. Code 14.02.4-02(3) and
4.12(2) (Michie 1993) (banning discrimination in real property transactions
based on status with regard to public assistance); Utah Code Ann. 57-21-5
(Michie 1994) (banning discrimination in housing rentals and sales based on
source of income); Vt. Stat. Ann. tit. 9, 4503 (1993) (banning discrimination in
housing rentals and sales based on person's status as recipient of public
assistance); Wis. Stat. Ann. 101.22(1)(1m)(nm), (1)(2) (West 1995) (banning
discrimination in housing rentals and sales based on lawful source of income).




n164.  See, e.g., Attorney General v. Brown, 511 N.E.2d 1103, 1106 (Mass. 1987)
(stating that nothing in federal statutes conflicts with Massachusetts'
anti-discrimination provision).




n165.  James A. Kushner, The Fair Housing Amendments Act of 1988: The Second
Generation of Fair Housing, 42 Vand. L. Rev. 1049, 1098 (1989) ("Most states
have had little experience investigating, processing, and resolving fair housing
disputes, and some cities are not even aware that their city council once passed
fair housing legislation.").




n166.  Mass. Gen. Laws Ann. ch. 151B, 4(10) (1985), cited in Brown, 511 N.E.2d
1103, 1105.




n167.  Brown, 511 N.E.2d 1103, 1105.




n168.  Id. at 1108.




n169.  Id. at 1108-09.




n170.  Mass. Gen. Laws Ann. ch. 151B, 4(10) (West 1995). As currently written,
this law has imposed penalties on landlords who flatly refuse Section 8 tenants.
See Mills v. More et al., No. 87-BPR-0419 (1995), and Harrison v. Horowitz, No.
92-BPR-0230 (1995) (reported in Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly).




n171.  Preventing the latter type of discrimination might not be necessary if
the Section 8 program were substantially deregulated, with inspections and
special lease terms abandoned.




n172.  See Veronica M. Reed, Fair Housing Enforcement: Is the Current System
Adequate?, in Residential Apartheid: The American Legacy 222, 226 (Robert D.
Bullard et al. eds., 1994) ("To date, use of fair housing tests alone or to
substantiate the claim of a bona fide applicant remains the single most
effective method of identifying, substantiating, and prosecuting noncompliance
with fair housing laws.").




n173.  See Kushner, supra note 165, at 1088-98 (describing federal fair housing
provisions).




n174.  Id. at 1060 (stating ways in which rental agents may mask discriminatory
practices).




n175.  Philip D. Tegeler et al., Transforming Section 8: Using Federal Housing
Subsidies to Promote Individual Housing Choice and Desegregation, 30 Harv.
C.R.-C.L. L. Rev. 451, 482-83 (1995).




n176.  James P. Zais, Administering Housing Allowances, in Housing Vouchers for
the Poor: Lessons from a National Experiment 235, 257 (Raymond J. Struyk & Marc
Bendick, Jr. eds., 1981).




n177.  Barbara Sard, The Massachusetts Experience with Targeted Tenant-Based
Rental Assistance for the Homeless: Lessons on Housing Policy for Socially
Disfavored Groups, Part I, 1 Geo. J. on Fighting Poverty 16, 22 (1993)
[hereinafter Sard I].




n178.  Id. at 22 & n.72.




n179.  Id. at 18.




n180.  Leger & Kennedy, supra note 64, at 65.




n181.  The regulations do allow the PHA to extend the search time to a maximum
of 120 days, but they leave the PHA with absolute discretion not to do so. See
supra note 53.




n182.  Bryson, supra note 132, at 46.




n183.  Mulroy I, supra note 111, at 543 (describing plight of certain families
in study who could not "break through landlord barriers to relocate to
better-quality housing or better locations" and therefore "scrambled at the last
minute to lease the units they presently lived in and wanted to vacate to at
least take advantage of much-needed lower rent").




n184.  For purposes of brevity, this section presents a description of a typical
central city PHA with multiple suburban PHAs. For a description of some other
jurisdictional structures, see Tegeler et al., supra note 175, at 464-67.




n185.  Seegenerally 42 U.S.C. 1437f(r) (1995); see also 24 C.F.R. 982.351-
982.355 (describing portability provisions). For a description for one minor
limitation on portability, see 42 U.S.C. 1437f(r)(1) (1995) (stating that if
family applies as non-resident to PHA, it must then remain within the
jurisdiction of that PHA for year).




n186.  24 C.F.R. 982.355(e)(2) (1996) (stating that issuing PHAs must forfeit
80% of ongoing administrative fee when another jurisdiction takes over
administration of contract). Administrative fees are extremely lucrative for
large urban PHAs, who derive a surplus of over 16% from them. HUD:
Administrative Fees, supra note 79, at 21.




n187.  This disincentive occurs despite certain legislative efforts to encourage
urban PHAs to promote mobility to the suburbs. Tegeler et al., supra note 175,
at 479-80. For example, PHAs must inform subsidy recipients that they can move
to other jurisdictions, and PHAs must advise families living in high poverty
Census tracts of the advantages of moving to areas with lower concentrations of
poor families. 24 C.F.R. 982.301(a)(2)-(3) (1996). Additionally, 42 U.S.C. 1437f
(q)(1) (1995) permits HUD to compensate PHAs for any loss of certificates.




n188.  24 C.F.R. 982.208 (1996); see Tegeler et al., supra note 175, at 472 n.93
(citing internal HUD study conducted in 1994 showing that 46% of 2541 reporting
PHAs had local residency preferences for household-based Section 8 programs).




n189.  Sard II, supra note 45, at 192-94.




n190.  See, e.g., Tegeler et al., supra note 175, at 472 (stating that residency
preferences in suburban Buffalo PHA caused black city residents to wait "over
ten years for subsidies they would never receive," while "white suburban
applicants received subsidies within eighteen to twenty-four months").




n191.  Local governments influence the development of public housing through
appointments to the local authority and through veto power over the size,
location, design and staffing of housing developments. Eugene J. Meehan, The
Evolution of Public Housing Policy, in Federal Housing Policy and Programs 287,
291 (J. Paul Mitchell ed., 1985).




n192.  Tegeler, supra note 3, at 218.




n193. " It is the policy of the United States ... to vest in local public
housing agencies the maximum amount of responsibility in the administration of
their housing programs." 42 U.S.C. 1437 (1995).




n194.  See Tegeler et al., supra note 175, at 475 (mentioning briefly strategy
of "creating a centralized regional or statewide Section 8 administrator").




n195.  This proposal would represent a radical extension of current policy,
which does allow some flexibility in the operation of Section 8 demand-side
subsidies. PHAs eligible to operate Section 8 programs may include "any state,
county, municipality or other governmental entity or public body (or agency or
instrumentality thereof) which is authorized to engage in or assist in the
development or operation of housing for low-income families." 24 C.F.R. 982.4
(1996); see Tegeler, supra note 3, at 231.




n196.  Eligibility for the program is limited to black current or former public
housing residents or applicants. Florence Wagman Roisman & Hilary Botein,
Housing Mobility and Life Opportunities, Clearinghouse Rev. 335, 340 (Special
Issue, 1993).




n197.  Id. at 340.




n198.  From 1976 to 1981, the program operated as a demonstration program, at
which point the court approved a consent decree establishing the Gautreaux
program as a primary method of relief to continue until 7100 members of the
plaintiff class had been given relief. See Gautreaux v. Landrieu, 523 F. Supp.
665, 668-69 (N.D. Ill. 1981), aff'd sub nom.  Gautreaux v. Pierce, 690 F.2d 616
(7th Cir. 1982); Davis, supra note 44, at 2; see also Flynn McRoberts, Gautreaux
Housing Program Nears End, Chi. Trib., Jan. 12, 1996, at 1 (stating that program
will end by second half of 1996).




n199.  Tegeler et al., supra note 175, at 459 n.27.




n200.  Davis, supra note 44, at 3.




n201.  Id.




n202.  Id. at 4.




n203.  See Rosenbaum & Popkin, supra note 20.




n204.  Roisman & Botein, supra note 196, at 340.




n205.  Other mobility programs currently operate in a handful of metropolitan
areas, including Cincinnati, Dallas, Memphis, and Milwaukee. Roisman & Botein,
supra note 196, at 340-44.




n206.  Housing and Community Development Act of 1992, Pub. L. No. 102-550 152,
106 Stat. 3672, 3716 (1992); see 42 U.S.C.A. 1437f note (1995).




n207.  See Ann Mariano, Hill Panel Halts Plan to Move Poor Families: U.S.
Relocation Subsidies Spurred Complaints, Wash. Post, Sept. 3, 1994, at E1. This
expanded program, known as "Choice in Residency," would have provided housing
mobility counseling for up to 300,000 additional families. HUD FY 1995 Budget:
Executive Summary 17 (1994), cited in Tegeler, supra note 3, at 232 n.83.




n208.  Tegeler, supra note 3, at 232.




n209.  See, e.g., Tegeler et al., supra note 175, at 482-83.




n210.  Shaun Donovan, Moving to the Suburbs: Section 8 Mobility and Portability
in Hartford 7-8 (Joint Center for Housing Studies, Harvard University, Working
Paper W94-3, 1994); Roisman & Botein, supra note 196, at 339-44.




n211.  Donovan, supra note 210, at 29 (showing that 91.5% of families were black
or Hispanic); id. at 19 ("The average Hartford Section 8 certificate-holder
living within the city resides in a census tract with a poverty rate of 28.7%,
over four times greater than the poverty rate of 7% for a census tract where the
average mobility participant lives.").




n212.  Consolidating both programs into a single policy would increase
administrative efficiency because each currently requires separate budgeting and
accounting. HUD: Administrative Fees, supra note 79, at 32-33.




n213.  Assume that utilities are included in the contract rent that the
household negotiates with the landlord.




n214.  See Rothenberg et al., supra note 42, at 302 (concluding that, because of
lack of bargaining incentives, "some participants are induced to consume more
housing than is optimal [given their preferences] and that rents for dwellings
near and at such quality levels are unnecessarily inflated [at least in the
short run]") (brackets in original).




n215.  Leger & Kennedy, supra note 64, at 111. Only at rent levels near the FMR
do certificate holders have an incentive to economize, because exceeding the FMR
generally causes them to fail to qualify for the program. Id.; see also
Howenstine, supra note 107, at 123 (presenting data showing that rent increases
are considerably higher in certificate program than had occurred in EHAP
program, where recipients had monetary incentive to search and bargain for
lowest possible rent).




n216.  Section 8 Housing Assistance Payments Program, Hearings before the
Subcomm. on Housing and Community Development of the House Comm. on Banking,
Finance and Urban Affairs, 103d Cong., 1st Sess. 17 (1993) (statement of Paul T.
Graziano, Deputy General Manager for Operations, New York City Housing
Authority, on behalf of the Council of Large Public Housing Authorities).




n217.  For a description of a similar payment structure, see Rothenberg et al.,
supra note 42, at 302-04. See also Howenstine, supra note 107, at 71-99
(describing payment structures in a variety of countries).




n218.  See Rothenberg et al., supra note 42, at 303 (stating this type of
payment structure would cause recipients to "have a vested interest in obtaining
less expensive lodgings, thus tempering landlords' inflationary incentives").
Although this proposal seems more complicated than the certificate or voucher
payment structures, PHAs could easily provide each Section 8 enrollee with a
computerized printout showing household and landlord payments at different rent
levels, similar to the schedule shown in Figure 2.




n219.  For a description of one potential adverse consequence of an unlimited
rent provision, see Leger & Kennedy, supra note 64, at 21-24 (citing evidence
from voucher program that 11% of households with unconstrained rent limits
overestimate their ability to pay large rents and therefore fail out of
program).




n220.  Elizabeth A. Roistacher, A Modest Proposal: Housing Vouchers as
Refundable Tax Credits, in Housing America's Poor 162, 162-70 (Peter D. Salins
ed., 1987).




n221.  In general, a policy to increase the total amount that individuals spend
on housing has ambiguous effects on overall social utility. On the one hand,
microeconomic theory suggests that generous housing subsidy programs are less
effective than equal cash payments in improving individual utility. See Michael
L. Katz & Harvey S. Rosen, Macroeconomics 72-74 (1994) (explaining that in-kind
transfer program is inefficient if it provides individual with more of a good
than she would have purchased absent program). On the other hand, the positive
external or social benefits of housing would justify a program that causes
people to increase total expenditures on housing. See James Heilbrun, Urban
Economics and Public Policy 324 (1987) (describing certain marginal social
benefits caused by increased resources spent on housing provision).




n222.  See 24 C.F.R. 982.552(b) (1996) (stating that PHAs can terminate
assistance to households for various reasons, including illegal subletting and
violent criminal activity). PHAs must provide Due Process protections for
tenants facing possible termination of assistance. 24 C.F.R. 982.554 (1996).




n223.  H.R. 2406, 104th Cong., 2nd Sess. (Version 2, 1996) [hereinafter House
Bill]; S. 1260, 104th Cong., 2nd Sess. (1996) [hereinafter Senate Bill].




n224.  142 Cong. Rec. S. 167 (Jan. 10, 1996).




n225.  142 Cong. Rec. H. 1223 (Feb. 1, 1996).




n226.  See supra note 83-84 and accompanying text.




n227.  House Bill 321 (establishing general eligibility for low-income
families); Senate Bill 201(o)(4) (providing assistance to low-income families if
they meet eligibility criteria that PHAs may specify).




n228.  See Sard II, supra note 45, at 183.




n229.  See supra note 91 and accompanying text.




n230.  House Bill 328 (requiring dwelling units to meet standards at least as
stringent as federal housing quality standards to be promulgated by HUD); Senate
Bill 201(o)(8) (requiring initial and periodic inspections).




n231.  Senate Bill 206(I).




n232.  House Bill 373 (mandating study in metropolitan Chicago of "the adverse
impact on local communities due to geographic concentration of assisted
households"); see alsoFlynn McRoberts, Weller Hopes Bill Will Lead to Review of
HUD Vouchers, Nov. 14, 1995, at 2; Anne Hazard, Committee Passes Legislation
Directing HUD to Study Low Income Housing, States News Service, Nov. 9, 1995.




n233.  See supra Section V.E.




n234.  The current policy allows originating PHAs to retain twenty percent of
the fees. See supra note 186.




n235.  House Bill 322(a) (stating that family's rental contribution shall be
determined based on factors "including the adjusted income of the family and any
other factors that the [PHA] considers appropriate"). The family must pay at
least $ 25, and it must pay for its own utilities. Id.




n236.  See supra note 142. The bills also would dispense with the ninety day
termination notice requirement. See supranote 149.




n237.  House Bill 325(a)(1) (stating that owner may terminate tenancy for
"violation of the terms and conditions of the lease, violation of applicable
federal, state, or local law, or other good cause").




n238.  National Housing Law Project, National Housing Act Trashes American Dream
7 (1995).




n239.  In order to rent an apartment that costs less than the payment standard,
a recipient family must pay a fixed amount (usually 30% of its adjusted monthly
income) for rent regardless of the total rent level set by the landlord, and the
PHA pays the landlord the difference between the rent and the required tenant
payment. Senate Bill 201(o)(2). A PHA must set payment standards between 90 and
120% of the local FMR. Id. at 201(o)(1)(B). Unlike the certificate program, the
Senate bill would allow families to rent apartments requiring them to spend more
than 30% of adjusted family income on housing. At the time a family initially
receives assistance, however, the total amount that it must pay for rent may not
exceed 40% of monthly adjusted income. Id. at 201(o)(2)-(3).




n240.  See supra note 235.




n241.  See Tegeler et al., Transforming Section 8 into a Regional Housing
Mobility Program 21 (draft paper prepared for First National Conference on
Housing Mobility as an Anti-Poverty Strategy, on file with the Yale Law and
Policy Review) ("[The Section 8] institutional constituency now consists of over
2500 separate administering agencies and countless thousands of agency
employees. They are far better organized and much better financed than the
Section 8 applicants and tenants who are the intended beneficiaries of the
program. The program has been molded to accommodate the concerns of the local
interests that control these agencies and the well organized and influential
national coalitions of program administrators who represent them. Their primary
interests may ignore or even be at odds with housing mobility goals.").




n242.  See Karen de Witt, Housing Voucher Test in Maryland Is Scuttled by a
Political Firestorm, N.Y. Times, Mar. 28, 1995, at B10.




n243.  See Hughes, supra note 48, at 289.




n244.  See Section 8 Housing Assistance Payments Program: Hearing Before the
Subcommittee on Housing and Community Development of the House Committee on
Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs, 103rd Cong., 1st Sess. 25 (Nov. 3, 1993)
(testimony of Thomas R. Shuler, Pres., National Apartment Association)
(criticizing proposed non-discrimination provision and stating that "we
shouldn't try to paper over design flaws by legislatively mandating [landlord]
participation").




n245.  See Bryson, supra note 132, at 46 (stating that National Housing Law
Project favors strong eviction protections for tenants "as an important
safeguard against them becoming homeless").




n246.  See supra notes 11-12 and accompanying text (describing urban
concentration of poverty nationally).




n247.  See supra notes 116-117 and accompanying text (demonstrating wide
availability of apartments renting below FMRs throughout metropolitan areas).




n248.  See supra notes 118-123 and accompanying text (describing limited
residential mobility of subsidy recipients).




n249.  See supra notes 175 and 185-187 and accompanying text (explaining why
urban PHAs fail to promote mobility among subsidy recipients).




n250.  U.S. Bureau of the Census, 1990 Census of Population and Housing: Summary
Tape File 3A (Connecticut, Maine, Rhode Island, Vermont) (CD90-3A-10).




n251.  In 1990, the median population of block groups in Greater New Haven was
1109. Id. (author's calculations).




n252.  Fair Market Rents for Existing Housing, 54 Fed. Reg. 39,866, 39,873
(1989).




n253.  U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urb. Dev., Section 8 Existing Housing Allowances
for Tenant Furnished Utilities and Other Services (1990) (on file with the Yale
Law and Policy Review).




n254.  Of 2066 total households holding Section 8 certificates and vouchers
operated by the Housing Authority of the City of New Haven in May 1995,
approximately 55% were black, 31% were Hispanic, and 11% were white. Housing
Authority of the City of New Haven, Computer Printout of Race and Addresses of
Households Receiving Section 8 Certificate and Voucher Subsidies from the
Housing Authority of the City of New Haven (May 13, 1995) (on file with author).




n255.  In May 1995, the Housing Authority of the City of New Haven maintained
assistance contracts with all Section 8 households who were residents of the
city but then moved to surrounding suburbs. Federal regulations did encourage
PHAs to take over administration of the assistance contracts of subsidy holders
who move into their jurisdiction. See24 C.F.R. 887.555 (1995) (recommending but
not requiring voluntary arrangements among PHAs to reassign contracts for
families moving between PHA jurisdictions). Suburban PHAs in the Greater New
Haven area, however, were under budgetary and political pressure not to take
over the assistance contracts, in order not to use up subsidies which could be
used for their own residents. As a result, the Housing Authority of the City of
New Haven continued to administer the subsidies of city residents who moved to
the suburbs. Interview with Monica Pacello Blazik, Housing Assistance Program
Director, Housing Authority of the City of New Haven (May 12, 1995).




n256.  See supra notes 110-114 and accompanying text.




n257.  See supra notes 175, 185-187 and accompanying text.




n258.  Housing Authority of the City of New Haven, Section 8 Landlord List, Apr.
7, 1995 (on file with the Yale Law and Policy Review).




n259.  Id.




n260.  See supra notes 135-136 and accompanying text.


                             503 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            December 7, 2009 Monday

Construction could be sign of change;
The St. Marys market might be improving as development resumes.

BYLINE: GORDON JACKSON

SECTION: Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 601 words


ST. MARYS - Ongoing construction of a 196-unit apartment complex may indicate
the housing market is rebounding in St. Marys.

Tom Purdie, developer of Brant Creek Apartments, said he decided to start
construction in August because he believes the project fills a void for
affordable rental property in the city.

"I do think the market needed a new product," he said. "We are at the front of a
new wave that would be best for us and the community."

The Jacksonville developer said he wanted to start building the complex in 2006
but had a problem - the city didn't have the sewer capacity to allow new
construction.

But now, the city's capacity has been increased, and the first phase is on
schedule for completion sometime in next spring. The entire project should be
built by September, he said.

Purdie said it took lots of work to find financing for the $14.6 million project
through a federal Housing and Urban Development construction loan designed for
multi-family housing.

He said banks aren't lending money for new construction, so the HUD loan was the
only route for financing and was worth the extensive paperwork to get the loan.

Part of the review process was to prove a need for rental property in the city,
as well as considering potential impacts to the community.

"It turned out to be the only source available," he said. "It went through lots
of review. It showed a need."

The HUD loan is not for subsidized housing, and the rental rates are at fair
market value, he said. Rent for the one-, two- and three-bedroom apartments will
range from $695 to $895 a month, Purdie said.

Each three-story apartment building will contain 28 rental units that Purdie
said will be energy efficient, have fire suppression systems and contain all the
features residents will need. The complex will have a swimming pool and
clubhouse with exercise equipment and two large flat-screen televisions.

The complex will also have garage space and storage facilities for an additional
fee, he said.

Purdie said his target audience is sailors at Kings Bay Naval Submarine Base and
employees at large businesses such as Express Scripts and Walmart.

Sheila McNeill, former national president of the Navy League, said the rental
rates fall within the range of housing supplements given to sailors and their
families living off base.

"It will upgrade the quality of life for those young sailors who come in," she
sad. "It will be an asset."

McNeill said the complex could also lead to more work at the base. She said some
work on submarines may be done at Kings Bay instead of sending the boats to
shipyards in Norfolk, Va. or other locations because additional rental housing
will be available.

Another reason the project started despite the poor economy is City Council
members changed the building fee ordinance as a way to encourage new
construction, City Manager Bill Shanahan said.

The new ordinance, which was changed Jan. 14, 2008, allows city officials to
negotiate building fees with all developers instead of having a flat rate.

The developer paid more than $348,000 in building fees, including permits,
capital recovery fees and equipment costs. Without the flexibility to negotiate,
city officials said Purdie would have paid $651,000.

"We needed to get it started," Shanahan said. "It's bringing development to the
city. It's all perfectly legal."

Mayor-elect Bill Deloughy said the project gives him optimism the housing market
is improving in the city.

"It will fill a nice niche here," he said of the project. "I've felt we don't
have enough moderate-priced housing in the city."

gordon.jackson@jacksonville.com, (912) 729-3672

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
GORDON JACKSONThe Times-Union Jacksonville developer Tom Purdie stands at Brant
Creek Apartments, currently being built in St. Marys. It's the largest
development in nearly two years in the city. GORDON JACKSON/The Times-Union A
backhoe operator clears land at the site of Brant Creek Apartments in St. Marys.
The construction could be a sign of turnaround in the housing market. The target
audience of the apartment is sailors and employees at large businesses.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 The Florida Times-Union


                             504 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            April 18, 2007 Wednesday

City may rebid workforce housing

BYLINE: CAREN BURMEISTER

SECTION: Pg. L-7

LENGTH: 476 words


Jacksonville is rethinking its workforce housing proposed on free city land near
Hanna Park in light of a private housing community planned right next door that
would offer similar units that are $100,000 cheaper.

The city may rebid the workforce housing project on Mayport Road if a study that
Jacksonville officials ordered last week renders the concept obsolete, said
Jacksonville Councilwoman Elaine Brown.

Developer D.R. Horton plans to build a condo complex on 30 acres just north of
the city's land that would offer two- and three-bedroom units ranging from
$126,000 to $150,000.

That's significantly more affordable than several of the workforce housing
proposals sent to Jacksonville that suggested townhomes costing from $107,000 to
$246,000.

Brown, who led the workforce project on the nine acres of vacant city land and
sought builders' bids, said she was disappointed with most of the developers'
responses, saying the prices weren't "at all in the ballpark." In addition, she
said she doesn't want the project to duplicate existing or planned housing in
the Mayport area.

"We need to get them on the lowest price point," Brown said.

She had urged the city to surplus the land for affordable housing at the
Beaches. Originally, she envisioned a mix of rental and owned units. But none of
the developers' proposals contained rental units.

In February, some members of the Beaches affordable housing coalition criticized
the workforce development bids, saying they far exceeded what most low-income
families could afford, particularly the 800 Beaches families who have been
forced out of their apartments and mobile home parks due to condo conversions.

One of those housing advocates, Ralph Marcello, executive director of Beaches
Habitat for Humanity, questioned why D.R. Horton could build more affordable
homes than developers who were getting free land from Jacksonville.

The D.R. Horton project requires rezoning the land on Mayport Road from a mobile
home park to multi-family planned unit development. The home builder envisions a
condo community similar to, but not quite as large as, Summer Key, a 600-unit
development on Jacksonville's Southside.

Beaches Habitat is one of the four developers that responded to the workforce
housing bids. Not surprisingly, the nonprofit, faith-based home builder
submitted the most affordable bids, with homes costing about $107,433.

If Jacksonville rebids the project, Habitat will likely submit a new proposal,
Marcello said. Nonetheless, he said the city is doing the right thing by
stepping back and looking at the bigger housing picture in Mayport.

Wight Gregor, Jacksonville's Housing and Neighborhood Department director, said
the city is advertising for a firm to handle the market study. Once the bid is
awarded, it should be finished in a month or two.

caren.burmeister@jacksonville.com, 249-4947, ext. 6321

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: None

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Florida Times-Union


                             505 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           September 14, 2008 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

MAYOR'S PLAN MOVES FORWARD;
HIS IDEA IS TO DISPERSE POCKETS OF POVERTY, BUT THERE ARE LEGAL HURDLES.

BYLINE: By MATTHEW DeFOUR mdefour@madison.com 608-252-6144

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D9

LENGTH: 510 words


Mayor Dave Cieslewicz's plan to disperse Madison's pockets of poverty around the
county is moving forward this week, though legal issues could limit the mayor's
proposal to merge city and county public housing operations.

Cieslewicz in April floated the idea to create a regional housing authority by
joining the Dane County Housing Authority and Madison's Housing Operations
division, which is overseen by the Community Development Authority.

A regional authority could ensure that poor families aren't concentrated in
Madison's public school system and would save money by reducing duplicated
services, Cieslewicz said during his state of the city address.

Since then, City Attorney Michael May issued an opinion that the city and county
agencies can't legally merge, because there is nothing in state law that allows
for that to happen. Instead, the city would have to dissolve the Community
Development Authority's role as a housing agency and allow the county agency to
administer its program, something Middleton did earlier this year.

The two agencies also could possibly coordinate some of their services, May
said, but they would have to maintain separate governing bodies.

The housing authorities support first-time buyers and handle public housing and
federal Section 8 vouchers used by low-income residents that offset rent
payments.

Cieslewicz is introducing a resolution to the City Council Tuesday that would
create an 11-member committee to develop a regional housing strategy and explore
the possibility of coordinated operations between the city and county agencies.

The legal issues of merging the agencies is something the committee will have to
explore, Cieslewicz's spokeswoman Rachel Strauch-Nelson said.

Carolyn Parham, executive director of the Dane County Housing Authority, said
the idea of merging operations has come up numerous times in her 19 years with
the authority.

"The topic has been brought up time and time again," Parham said. "This is the
first time it's gone to a committee being formed to look at the issue."

Dane County Housing Authority Chairwoman Judy Wilcox and Ald. Tim Bruer, 14th
District, a member of the Community Development Authority, have been tabbed to
co-chair the committee. The resolution asks for the committee to come up with
recommendations by the end of 2009.

Bruer said the committee needs to find ways to encourage communities beyond
Madison's immediate borders to build more multi-family units and rental housing.

The lack of a regional housing strategy has concentrated much of the affordable
housing in his South Side district and in the adjacent towns along the Beltline,
he said.

The committee also could explore creating a centralized intake for those seeking
housing assistance and find ways to align Madison's housing criteria with the
rest of the county, Wilcox said. The committee may also identify the barriers to
dispersing poverty.

"Until we have adequate transportation resources available for people who live
outside the city, it's very difficult to talk about housing affordability,"
Wilcox said.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             506 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                November 9, 1998

CHISPA Provides Affordable Housing

BYLINE: BY KIM RENAY ANDERSON

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 338 words

DATELINE: Salinas, CA


Community Housing Improvement Systems and Planning Association, Inc. (CHISPA) is
a nonprofit community-based housing development organization established to
build, own and manage low- and very-low housing in Monterey County and to
encourage the renaissance of economically depressed low income neighborhoods.

CHISPA has produced over one thousand units of housing in the past seventeen
years. These units consist of rental, coops and single family homes, and are
constructed for low income and very low-income families, among whom are
farmworkers and senior citizens.  The population is mainly Mexican-American.

The rental and cooperative projects are managed by the corporation's own
management subsidiary, CHISPA Housing Management, Inc.  Its housing and
maintenance specialists work closely with tenants to provide management
services, training sessions dealing with housing management practices,
maintenance techniques and community organization and education.

According to Alysisa Ogden, CHISPA researching and reporting specialist, CHISPA
Monterey County is an agricultural community that lacks decent affordable
housing.

She said, "We are based in Monterey County and plan to continue to develop
affordable housing only in Monterey County because there is such a dire need."

Already CHISPA has completed housing 804 multi-family, 230 self-help and 65
senior units of housing.  Currently, 12 self-help units are under construction.
Also, 112 multi-family and 337 self-help units are scheduled to begin
construction in the near future.

Housing developed via CHISPA's self-help program sets the stage for
homeownership.  Families participating in self-help work together under the
guidance of a qualified construction supervisor to construct their own homes.
Ms. Ogden said there is one supervisor for every 10 to 12 families.  These
families contribute over 1,400 hours of labor.

"Each family puts in 40 hours a week toward the construction of their home.
Keep in mind they are already working full time."

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph 1, CHISPA has completed 804 multifamily units and 230 self-help
units.  Meanwhile, 12 self-help units are under construction.  The group also
has plans to develop an additional 112 multifamily units and 337 self-help
units.  Source: CHISPA; Graph 2, CHISPA Income Statistics, The Camino Al
Paraisol, Vista Paraisol and Victorian Village are examples of the CHISPA
self-help project for families with low and very low incomes.  The self-help
program is designed to set the stage for homeownership.  Source: CHISPA; Picture
1, Grand opening of Self-Help Programs of Carmino Al Pariso and Victorian
Village.  John Prader, CHISPA development director; Alfred Diaz Infante, CHISPA
chief executive; Michael Reyna, director of rural development at the USDA; three
homeowners; and Congressman Sam Farr; Picture 2, George Ichikawa, the resident
manager pictured above with resident Edith Jantzen, oversees the 39 studio and
one-bedroom units in Marina Manor Senior Citizen Housing, which is for people on
fixed incomes.  Marina is a coastal town whose economy suffered when a military
based closed.

                         Copyright 1998 Faulkner & Gray


                             507 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                              July 8, 2011 Friday

Rezoning request draws fire

BYLINE: By Kurt Madar The Daily Times

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 475 words


FARMINGTON   A local developer's plan to build apartments along College
Boulevard has angered neighbors, but at least one city official is hopeful that
it could benefit the community.

Craig Stoabs, of Socuno Ltd., is seeking rezoning for approximately 10 acres of
land along College Boulevard. If approved, the parcel would change from single-
to multi-family use.

"The plan that he expressed to us is for apartments," said Mary Holton, the
city's community development director. "We aren't sure how many units he's
proposing, but if it's approved it would allow up to 21 units per acre."

That doesn't take into account parking and landscaping, both of which would cut
into the number of apartments Stoabs could build, Holton said.

Jay Peterman, an associate city planner, didn't want to comment directly on
Stoabs' petition. However, anytime a proposal comes through that includes
building rentals, Peterman is hopeful, he said.

"Our rental rates are artificially high in this community because there is a
lack of rental units," Peterman said. "If you look at the building permit data,
over the last 10 years the proportion of rental units being built is very low."

It's not for a lack of projects.

"There is a definite need for rental units, and a lot of projects come through,"
Peterman said. "But the nimby (not in my backyard) effect has been an issue for
many of the proposals."

The nimby effect has Peterman worried.

"From the fair housing standpoint, rentals aren't supposed to be concentrated in
low income neighborhoods," Peterman said. "There needs to be a choice."

Peterman's assertion that neighbor opposition is one of the major obstacles to
building apartments is born out by the response to Stoabs' new proposal.

Neighbors to the proposed project, bordered by College Boulevard and Victoria
Way, already have begun their campaign against rezoning.

"I have heard that there is opposition," Holton said. "We've definitely had
visits to the office."

Stoabs is no stranger to struggles with potential neighbors over zoning.

The proposed 10-acre project is Stoabs' second attempt at building apartments
along College Boulevard. His first attempt to build apartments directly across
from San Juan College met with vocal opposition from neighbors and resulted in a
city decision in June to rezone the 5.6 acre parcel to single-family.

Stoabs wasn't available for comment on his new project.

Peterman believes that the rental problem in Farmington will only get more
severe if something isn't done to fix it.

"If every project that came before the City Council was to be built, would that
be enough rental housing?" Peterman asked. "I'm not sure, but it would certainly
help."

Stoabs' proposal for zoning change goes before Farmington's Planning and Zoning
Commission on July 28 and appears before the City Council on Aug. 9.

Kurt Madar: kmadar@daily-times.com

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2011 Farmington Daily Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             508 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            July 22, 2015 Wednesday

Master plan for Warm Springs Station development approved

BYLINE: By Julian J. Ramos - Fremont Bulletin jramos@themilpitaspost.com

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; News

LENGTH: 998 words


Fremont City Council members Tuesday unanimously approved a master plan for a
community with up to 1,000 multi-family residential units, 5,000 square feet of
commercial development and 2 acres of parkland on 34 acres to the east of the
Warm Springs-South Fremont Bay Area Rapid Transit Station set to open later this
year.

Proposed by Pennsylvania-based developer Toll Brothers Inc., Warm Springs
Station will be built on a vacant property bounded by Interstate 680, Grimmer
Boulevard and Warm Springs Boulevard, and located within all of Planning Area 9
of the Warm Springs/South Fremont Community Plan.

Required for projects larger than 5 acres, the master plan will serve as a guide
for future development on the project site by establishing land use mix,
intensity of development, construction phasing, and public improvements for the
site, according to city staff.

In conjunction with the master plan, an affordable housing plan calls for the
construction of 132 on-site below market rate rental housing units to satisfy
requirements of the city's affordable housing ordinance.

Rick Nelson, Toll Brothers division president, described Warm Springs Station as
a "critical catalyst" for the city's Warm Springs Innovation District, which
covers a total of 880 acres across 10 planning areas. City leaders envision up
to 20,000 jobs and 4,000 dwelling units in the district along with as much as
11.6 million square feet of floor space.

Toll Brothers' $400 million investment in the project will create thousands of
jobs and generate $21 million in park fees to fund and develop new public parks
in the city, Nelson said. Site improvements could begin as soon as spring 2016
with vertical construction later that year, he added. Occupancy of the initial
project phase is forecast in 2018.

Wayland Li, associate planner for the city, said Toll Brothers is expected to
come back to the city soon with applications for project entitlements.

Rick Williams, of Van Meter Williams Pollack Architects LLP, said Warm Springs
Station would "set the stage" for the Innovation District with a variety of
housing types, and densities across several four- to six-story buildings with
mixed-use development -- retail space on the ground floor and residences above
-- closest to BART. The layout of the project is meant to be pedestrian friendly
with private open spaces and a park at the center of the community.

The San Francisco-based firm designed Cottonwood Place, 98 senior units on
Peralta Boulevard.

A total of 1,001 residential units would include a mix of housing types, such as
for-sale condominiums, townhouses and flats, in addition to the 132 rental
apartments at below market rate prices to be managed by a nonprofit housing
company. The retail component would include business such as dry cleaners and
coffee shops, city staff said.

On June 18, Fremont Planning Commission recommended the master plan's approval
to the city council without a senior housing component, which Toll Brothers had
sought. The applicant proposed 66 units, or 50 percent, of the 132 rental
off-price units to be designated for senior housing, ages 55 and up. Staff had
recommended that no more than 43 units, or 33 percent, be set aside as senior
housing because the Warm Springs/South Fremont Community Plan envisions
residential development in the community plan area to provide nearby housing for
workers within the Warm Springs Innovation District.

Seniors are an "underserved population" which is growing in Fremont, Nelson
said. Also, there are fewer traffic impacts and no school impacts with senior
residents. Additionally, the location is next to the BART station for access to
transportation. A senior housing component would also allow for certain tax
credits from the state, he said.

To break even on senior housing, Toll Brothers said it would have to develop at
least 60 senior units. The senior units would be smaller than the planned family
off-price housing and situated in a separate building from the family units.

Toll Brothers plans to partner with Bridge Housing Corp. to operate the below
market rate units. Kevin Griffith, director of business development for Bridge
Housing, said the nonprofit manages thousand of affordable senior units in the
Bay Area and California.

Mayor Bill Harrison said he favored workforce housing at the development.
However, senior housing would also be welcome.

"I think either way we're going to have a great project," he said.

Councilman Vinnie Bacon echoed Harrison's comments on workforce housing being a
priority at Warm Springs Station.

"This is not a place I think for senior housing," he said.

To give Toll Brothers flexibility in case the tax credits for an exclusively
senior housing project come in before they are able to attain tax credits for an
affordable family housing project, the council gave the applicant a chance to
come back and request an amendment to their affordable housing plan in the
future.

Fremont Unified School District Superintendent Jim Morris, the only speaker from
the public on the item other than the applicant, backed the project. He said a
final agreement is close to complete on an unprecedented partnership between the
district and developers, including Toll Brothers and Lennar Corp., to build a
new 5-acre transitional kindergarten to fifth grade school in Warm Springs.

"We're excited about the school that will be built in this community," he said.

Lennar Corp. plans to build 2,200 housing units along with 1 million square feet
of office and industrial space on 110 acres in Planning Area 4 of the Warm
Springs/South Fremont Community Plan. Included is a 4-acre joint-use park to be
shared between the school district and city.

The property, anticipated to be the site of the new school, is tucked between
the Warm Springs-South Fremont BART Station, expected to open in December, and
the Tesla Motors plant.

Council members are scheduled to convene again at a regular meeting on Tuesday,
Sept. 1 after their annual August recess.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Fremont City Council approved a master plan from Toll Brothers Inc.
Tuesday night to build 1,000 multi-family residential units, 5,000 square feet
of commercial development and 2 acres of parkland on 34 acres in Warm Springs.
Photo courtesy city of Fremont
Fremont City Council approved a master plan from Toll Brothers Inc. Tuesday
night to build 1,000 multi-family residential units, 5,000 square feet of
commercial development and 2 acres of parkland on 34 acres in Warm Springs.
Photo courtesy city of Fremont

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             509 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             April 17, 2011 Sunday

American Community Development Group Secures Private Mortgage Financing

LENGTH: 381  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, April 17 -- American Community Development Group, Inc. (OTC Pinksheets:
ACYD) today announced that it has negotiated additional private mortgage
financing to secure additional properties.

A group of private investors have offered secured mortgage financing at 8%
interest amortized over a 20 year period with a buyout provision in 5 years. It
is anticipated that this financing package will allow the Company to double the
size of the housing portfolio during the year. Additional Revenue from this
short term expansion could exceed $1 million annually with a 20% gross margin.

Investors have realized that we can usually fill a property to 100% occupancy
within 60 days, thereby allowing increased cash flow and security. An additional
advantage is that many of the occupants have a government or agency sponsored
housing allowance.

American Community Development Group, "The Company", was founded as a real
estate investment company in the Tampa Bay, Florida market. We intend to acquire
properties at tremendously discounted prices during the current market down
trend. The Company has also received offers to expand its pilot operations in
other markets where distressed real estate prices are prevalent. We then
increase shareholder value and revenue by using the properties to house the
clients of existing nonprofits groups or other agencies.

A typical 3 bedroom property generates over $30,000 annually in gross revenues
because of the extremely high demand for transitional housing. This compares to
an average rental income of about $12,000 for a similar property with a
traditional tenant.

According to John Folger, President of American Community Development Group, "We
are currently acquiring interests in single and multi-family homes, affordable
housing, and other high occupancy commercial real estate properties, all while
helping members of our community." He continued, "This approach sits well with
both the community and our shareholders because we work directly with the
nonprofit community to house their clients. This model keeps our properties
fully occupied." Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak
Banker. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             510 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Clovis News Journal (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 9, 2009 Tuesday

Survey: Majority of potential Cannon airmen have families

BYLINE: Sharna Johnson, Clovis News Journal, N.M.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 629 words


Jun. 9--The majority of airmen who could call Cannon Air Force Base home in the
future are married and have more than one child, and almost 30 percent plan to
buy another home if they relocate to Cannon, according to a survey conducted to
plan for a growing military community.

The survey queried 411 active-duty military members, mostly stationed at
Hurlburt Field, Fla., about their status and preferences if they were relocated
to Cannon. It is part of the Regional Growth Management Plan compiled by
Albuquerque-based Keystone International Consultants.

At a Monday meeting, members of the Local Growth Management Committee and Local
Growth Management Organization approved the plan and agreed to discuss and find
ways to implement its recommendations.

Officials have said the base is expected to add 3,400 to 5,700 personnel by
2015.

More than 60 percent of those surveyed said they currently own a home, and
nearly 30 percent said they would plan to purchase another home if reassigned to
Cannon.

Another nearly 30 percent said they would live in base housing, while about 25
percent said they would rent. The remainder were undecided.

Of the choices for size of house, three bedrooms and two bathrooms was the most
popular type, with 43 percent of respondents saying they wanted a three-bedroom
house and 57 percent desiring two bathrooms.

For buying homes, the largest group, almost 39 percent, said their price range
was up to $135,000. On rentals, just more than 34 percent of respondents said
they wanted to rent at prices no higher than $750 a month.

The plan highlighted affordable housing as a concern, identifying an "unmet
demand for housing priced in the $90,000-$135,000 range," and a need for
multi-family/rental housing in Clovis and Portales.

In 2007, the plan said, the average house was priced at $124,370 in Clovis and
$91,609 in Portales. The plan also said despite the unprecedented downturn in
the national housing market, average home sale prices in Clovis and Portales
continue to rise, though sales volume is slightly lower and homes are on the
market longer.

And rent in both areas ranged from $295 to $1,250 with no listings available in
Portales at the time of the study.

The study also termed local housing as, "relatively old" and some of it, "not an
attractive housing option" with units an average of 30 to 37 years old.

The prospect of growth in the community has attracted the interest of several
developers, the study said, at least five of which have either begun or
expressed plans to begin new developments.

Estimates indicate between 200 and 2,000 personnel will be affected by a gap in
the housing market.

The plan recommends local officials create a housing task force to monitor
market conditions and to assist in minimizing gaps in the market, to encourage
development and to create annual tracking of housing trends with regular
discussions between the base, developers and real estate agents.

Fast facts

Results of survey of 411 military members who might relocate to Cannon Air Force
Base:

--54.7% are married with children

--60.2% own their homes

--28.9% plan to buy a home if they move to Cannon

--57.2% of military members or dependents plan to pursue a bachelor's degree

--50.2% said their spouses will be seeking employment

--58.7% said they will need full-time daycare

Source: Local Growth Management Plan, Appendices

To see more of The Clovis News Journal or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.clovis-news-nm.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Clovis News Journal, N.M.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20090609-CJ-Survey-Majority-of-potential-Cannon-airmen-have-families-0609

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CJ


                       Copyright 2009 Clovis News Journal


                             511 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 3, 2014 Thursday

Housing needs analysis reveals demand for rentals, senior homes

BYLINE: The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 768 words


April 03--MOUNT PLEASANT -- Nearly 900 new housing units could be needed during
the next six years in Henry County, according to a completed analysis of the
local housing market.

Maxfield Research of Minneapolis was commissioned by the Mount Pleasant Area
Development Commission in partnership with several cities and the county to
study housing needs. It indicates a significant shortage of single-family rental
homes and senior units, the latter driven by an aging population.

"The Area Development Commission has heard for several years that new arrivals
can find it difficult to find homes to rent or purchase in Henry County," said
Kiley Miller, executive vice president of the Mount Pleasant Area Chamber
Alliance.

"This report contains the information housing developers need to make sure they
invest in the areas of greatest need and opportunity."

Maxfield Research scoured real estate databases and building permit records to
determine the number of homes available. It also conducted phone interviews with
business people, real estate developers and real estate agents.

The report divides the county into four sections surrounding four communities --
Mount Pleasant, New London, Winfield and Wayland. The greatest demand for new
housing will be in and around Mount Pleasant and New London.

Given Henry County's static population, housing demand will be driven primarily
by current residents who choose to move-up to higher-quality housing or downsize
as they age, Miller said. Maxfield Research projects a need for 246 new for-sale
units, 253 general-occupancy rental units, and 395 senior units through 2020.

Those categories are further broken down based primarily on cost. For example,
while the vacancy rate for single-family rental homes in Henry County is just
0.5 percent, subsidized housing has a much higher 12.5 percent vacancy rates.
Thus Maxfield Research foresees a need for 151 market rate rental properties and
another 63 affordable units, compared to just 38 subsidized units. Demand for
duplexes and townhomes is expected to increase.

Turning to home sales, Henry County has averaged 185 resales of single-family
homes during the past nine years. Nearly half of those homes were priced between
$50,000 and $99,999, with another 25 percent selling for $100,000 to $149,999.
Realtors noted there are few options for clients seeking better equipped homes
ranging from $150,000 to $200,000.

The report bears out one frequent concern from would-be homebuyers: namely, the
aging condition of many homes for sale. More than a quarter of homes in Henry
County were built before 1940. Because of this older housing stock, buyers may
face remodeling or replacement over the long-term. Many choose new construction
instead.

"Overall, there is an overwhelming consensus that Henry County has a lack of
available for-sale housing options across the board," the report concluded.

Construction of senior housing could invigorate the market.

The percentage of Henry County population ages 65 to 74 is projected to grow
19.1 percent. By comparison, all ages 54 and younger will decline.

Based on this trend, Maxfield Research anticipates the following needs:

--Active adult owner -- 77 units

--Active adult market rate rental -- 68 units

--Active adult affordable -- 93 units

--Active adult subsidized -- 13 units

--Congregate -- 74 units

--Assisted living -- 42 units

--Memory care -- 28 units

Given common economic barriers to constructing speculative homes or standalone
multi-family units, Maxfield Research suggested communities explore public
private-partnerships with developers and educate the public about programs used
to renovate and improve existing housing stock.

Continued economic growth could significantly change the housing picture. In
recent months, Mount Pleasant has welcomed Advance Auto Parts, announced an oral
surgery clinic, and approved the pending sale of a 50,000 square-foot building
in Crossroads Industrial Park.

"The decision on where to live is one of the most important a family can make,"
Miller said. "Henry County already offers great schools, great health care,
great amenities, and a great location. We need to make sure our housing is just
as great."

Miller review the report Tuesday with the New London City Council and plans
presentations to the Winfield City Council April 14 and the Wayland City
Council, April 16.

The full report is available at the Mount Pleasant Area Development Commission's
website, www.growmountpleasantiowa.com.

___ (c)2014 The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa) Visit The Hawk Eye (Burlington,
Iowa) at www.thehawkeye.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140403-QW-Housing-needs-analysis-reveals-demand-for-rentals
-senior-homes-0403-20140403

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QW


                          Copyright 2014 The Hawk Eye


                             512 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               FEBRUARY 22, 1999

Atlanta Project Receives Award

LENGTH: 234 words

San Diego-An 200-unit Atlanta apartment community that was once largely unfit
for human habitation was the recipient here last week of the Mortgage Bankers
Association of America's 1999 annual Multi-family Affordable Housing Award.

Evergreen Village Estates was one of 15 projects nominated by MBA members for
the award, which was presented at the association's annual commercial real
estate finance/multi-family housing conference.

Each year, the MBA gives a $ 10,000 cash award to community organizations that
provide housing to help low-income households improve their living conditions.

"Affordable housing is the driver that makes everything else happen," said MBA
president Donald Lange.

"Without it, the building blocks don't begin."

Evergreen Village was nominated by Sun Trust Bank, which participated in both
the debt and equity sides of financing the project and was instrumental in
assuring the community was rehabilitated.

The property was saved from foreclosure when it was purchased by a limited
partnership in early 1997. At the time, the place was a magnate for crime and
drug traffic.

But with a $ 9.1 million renovation, the community is now home to a stable
tenant base where residents feel safe and secure.

The $ 10,000 award will be used to provide computers and a support staff for the
community's on-site technology center.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1999 Faulkner & Gray


                             513 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, CA)

                            January 30, 2004 Friday

CSM alters housing plan to appease neighborsApartments will be for faculty,
staff at below-market rates

BYLINE: By T.S. Mills-Faraudo, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL & REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 484 words

DATELINE: SAN MATEO


San Mateo County Community College District officials hope a revamped proposal
for faculty and staff housing will calm neighbors' concerns and convince the San
Mateo Planning Commission to OK the project.

The 2.6-acre site on the College of San Mateo campus currently is a parking lot
next to a three-story district office building.

The district made major changes to plans for the 44-unit multi-family rental
housing complex to appease neighbors on nearby Parrott Drive, who feared the
project would harm their views and property values.

The new plan would create a greater buffer between the housing and Parrott Drive
neighbors. The changes include removing five parking spaces from the roadway;
moving one building 10 feet farther from the Parrott Drive property line;
removing a third story from the side of the building closest to the neighbors
and adding landscaping.

The district also changed the design of the housing to better fit into the
neighborhood by giving it a more residential look.

"We've substantially revised the project to meet the neighbors' concerns," said
Barbara Christensen, spokeswoman for the district. "It doesn't even look like
the same project anymore."

But now neighbors fear that if the faculty and staff housing isn't successful,
the district will sell it.

"I think at this point the largest issue neighbors have is, we want to make sure
it remains housing for staff always," said Peggy O'Brien-Strain, president of
the Baywood Park Homeowners Association.

Christensen said the district is almost certain there will be a high demand for
the housing.

So far, she said, 150 faculty and staff have shown interest in renting the
units.

Neighbors, she said, wanted the district to have a deed restriction that would
prevent it from ever selling the property. However, Christensen said the
district could not legally do this.

So instead, the college district board passed a resolution stating its intent to
always use the complex for affordable housing for faculty and staff.

College district officials hope that the housing will help lower the turnover
rate among employees in the district as well as encourage more of them to live
in the area.

Rents would range between $800 and $900 for a one-bedroom, $1,100 and $1,250 for
a two-bedroom and $1,300 and $1,450 for a three-bedroom unit.

Currently, the median rent for a one-bedroom unit in the County is $1,327; for a
two-bedroom, it's $1,620.

"We have faculty traveling from as far away as Truckee, Stockton, Brentwood and
Antioch to come to work," Christensen said.

The Planning Commission is scheduled to vote on the project on Feb. 10. It will
then go to the City Council for approval.

If all goes as planned, construction will begin in May or June.Staff writer T.S.
Mills-Faraudo can be reached at 348-4338 or tmills@sanmateocountytimes.com .

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2004 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers


                             514 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             March 17, 2017 Friday

Council approves $1.85M grant

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 222 words


MINOT (AP) - The renovation of an apartment building in southeast Minot is
moving forward as the first major project of the city's National Disaster
Resilience Program.

The City Council approved a $1.85 million grant to rehabilitate the existing
35-unit building and add five more units, the Minot Daily News reported. Park
South Apartments will be required to offer 30 of its units at affordable rents
for 30 years and four handicap accessible units.

"We should feel a great satisfaction to be able to provide quality, affordable
housing with this program," said Bruce Walker, a principal in the property's
nonprofit owner, Essential Living. "We feel this project is part of the
long-term solution in Minot for affordable housing."

He said building renovations will include a new heating system, an elevator and
stormwater management. The property, which was built in 1948 as a convent,
includes an additional five acres that will be saved for future construction of
affordable housing when needed.

The Department of Housing and Urban Development awarded Minot a $74 million
National Disaster Resilience Grant last year to help with recovery from the 2011
Souris River flood.

City Manager Tom Barry said the resilience program aims to use $21 million of
the grant available for multi-family housing to create 183 affordable rental
units.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2017 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             515 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 28, 1988, Sunday, Final Edition

E-Day In Takoma Park;
There's no good reason for the evictions.

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE C8; CLOSE TO HOME

LENGTH: 736 words


It's time to begin a concerted campaign of nonviolent resistence. Last week the
Montgomery County Council voted not only to enforce a misbegotten zoning law
that will result in the destruction of some 300 affordable rental units in
Takoma Park; they also voted against holding a public hearing so that citizens
might explain why the law is unjust and why it must be changed.

Forty-five years ago, because of a wartime housing shortage, homeowners were
encouraged to install apartments in their homes. Many in Takoma Park did so.
That and the desire of many to provide inexpensive housing for students at
Takoma Park's Columbia Union College and workers at Washington Adventist
Hospital resulted in the creation of hundreds of apartments in what originally
had been neighborhoods of single-family homes. Over the years, these apartments
have provided stable housing for thousands of our neighbors. Sixty percent of
Takoma Park residents are renters.

Ten years ago, some of our neighbors raised concerns about rundown buildings and
what they saw as the general deterioration of our neighborhoods. As a result,
the county council enacted a law requiring owners of multi-family houses to
convert their property back to single-family use. The deadline for these
reconversions is March 23. As many as 1,000 people could lose their homes.

It is wrong to throw out our neighbors who rent, regardless of how we disguise
it, how we do it, or how much largess we dispense in the process. Why?

First, because the availability of affordable housing is decreasing, while
homelessness is increasing. Only a month ago, Montgomery County Executive Sidney
Kramer told The Post: ''We do not have adequate low- and moderate-income housing
in this county.'' According to the Council of Governments in a 1985 report,
134,000 subsidized rental housing units are needed, yet Montgomery County
provides only slightly more than 5,000, and there is already a waiting list of
more than 6,000 people. How can the county executive and council tolerate a law
that could add hundreds more to that list?

Second, concerns about neighborhood deterioration have been or can be met by
existing means and without reconversions and mass evictions. With the creation
of a housing department in Takoma Park itself, tightened property maintenance
codes, beefed-up code enforcement and the creation of a municipal law giving
tenants the right to recover damages from landlords who do not properly maintain
apartments, the problems of 10 years ago have abated.

Actually, claims of our neighborhoods' demise are greatly exaggerated. With
demographic changes ''Tackie Park'' is fast becoming ''The Park.'' In fact,
according to real estate industry sources, the average price of a single-family
home here rose from $ 97,356 in 1984 to $ 133,860 in 1987. That's a 12 1/2
percent annual increase. In some measure it is the desire of speculators and
brokers to get in on the action that is fueling the effort -- disguised as
zoning enforcement -- to force at least 100 more houses onto the real estate
market. These people know that residential homes are easier to sell than rental
property.

Instead of relying on a law that could prove harmful to our community, we must
look to new and appropriate zoning laws that will preserve and protect Takoma
Park's much cherished diversity. It is imperative for those of us who moved here
to keep Takoma Park a gritty, funky architectural hodgepodge, which is home to
students and families and artists and workers and two-income professional
couples who come in all colors and ages and classes and political leanings.

We must put a stop to urban migration. Arlington's Lee Gardens is renovated and
hundreds of people are forced to move; Silver Spring's Falkland Apartments
suffer the same fate, and thousands are forced to move. Capitol Hill goes
upscale, and people such as myself move to Adams Morgan. When Adams Morgan
suffers the same fate, people move to Takoma Park. In Takoma Park, people are
saying: ''Enough!''

There must be an immediate moratorium placed on the March 23 enforcement
deadline. We need to recognize that multi-family and single-family homes,
regardless of legal status, have existed side by side for two generations in
Takoma Park. Let's create a new zoning classification or special exception to
preserve, not eliminate Takoma Park's affordable housing stock.

-- Tom Gagliardo

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post


                             516 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                              May 7, 2015 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Condo conversions exacerbate scarcity of rental units; Council considers ways to
tighten rules to protect more units

BYLINE: Jeff Lee and Bethany Lindsay, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 816 words


For years, Vancouver has done all it could to encourage the construction and
preservation of rental housing. Under Mayor Sam Sullivan, it banned the
wholesale conversion of rental units to condos in many areas of the city. Under
the next mayor, Vision Vancouver's Gregor Robertson, it brought in programs to
encourage developers to build long-term "assured market rental" units.

But those efforts, as ambitious as they were, have failed to significantly alter
the reality that in Vancouver, at least, affordable rental accommodation is
scarce.

With the citywide vacancy rate hovering at just 0.5 per cent - and in some
neighbourhoods, like the West End, as low as 0.3 per cent - renters face major
obstacles in finding suitable homes.

But now, city council is considering tightening even further the protection of
rental stock to close potential loopholes being exploited by the robust condo
construction market.

In a motion Coun. Geoff Meggs is sending to council Tuesday, he wants staff to
bring back solutions for stopping the conversion of small-lot rental units not
originally captured in the Sullivan administration's 2007 "rate of change"
bylaw. The rule requires the replacement onefor-one of rental housing in all of
the city's multi-family areas.

According to the city, that rule applies to about 70 per cent of the 67,000
rental units in Vancouver. But 20,000 other units in commercial zones, duplex
zones and the downtown are not covered. It also only applies to buildings with
more than six units.

Meggs said he's worried that those units not covered by the bylaw are being
snapped up by condo developers.

"We really can't afford to lose anything in this market," he said. "We want to
have options to make sure we don't see any erosion of our rental stock."

It is not for lack of trying that Vancouver has a persistent problem of
affordable housing. Since 2010 the city has given developers breaks and bonuses
in order to create rental units. The Short Term Incentives For Rental (STIR) and
the subsequent Rental 100 program, a beefed-up version euphemistically called
"Son of STIR", have helped. Most of the rental housing is at market rates and is
not subsidized. The city also recently began requiring a larger portion of those
units be designated for families with children.

Over the last five years the efforts have produced 3,783 units of market rental
housing. Of that, just under 1,800 have been approved for construction. Another
1,200 are already under construction. Only 815 have been opened for residence.

And yet that hasn't even moved the dial in a city where, according to the Canada
Mortgage and Housing Corporation, the vacancy rate was sliced in half between
2013 and 2014 to just 0.5 per cent.

"We have increased the production (of rental) but it hasn't affected the vacancy
rates in the way we would like," Meggs said. "We've said all along that in the
absence of some federal or provincial action, it will be very hard. We have
quadrupled the amount of housing made for rental every year. That has been great
but we don't want to make that effort and lose stuff that is already there."

There are lots of people with stories about how hard it is to find housing. The
Vancouver Sun turned to Craigslist, where it found Mary Hiebert and her
caregiver Robert Smith, who have been looking for a place since they lost their
BC Housing apartment in early February.

Both are on disability and can afford a maximum of $800 a month, but everything
they've seen so far is either too expensive or not set up to accommodate
Hiebert's wheelchair. "I've seen some of the bachelors go for $1,000," Smith
said. They'd love to find a place near their last place in Grandview-Woodland,
but worry that they'll end up in the Downtown Eastside, where safety could be a
concern.

Still, Smith said, "We're not turning down nothing."

In the meantime, they've been stuck living in a shelter, a situation that
neither is happy with. "It's starting to take a toll on us. I'm getting sick,
I'm not eating," Hiebert said.

Smith believes it's disgraceful that housing is so hard to find in a city whose
mayor once promised to end homelessness. "People shouldn't have to go through
this. This is a smarter country than that," he said.

Meggs's Vision Vancouver party promised in the 2014 municipal election to
continue to create 1,000 units of rental each year. He said Vancouver is the
only municipality in Metro to achieve that target, and he was critical of
Burnaby, where condo towers are replacing stable rental buildings around
SkyTrain stations. "We have done everything we could with the tools available at
the city level to generate rental housing and it has had an impact. But we can't
afford to take one step forward and two steps back through conversion," he said.

jefflee@vancouversun.com Twitter.com/unciviclee blindsay@vancouversun.com
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mark Van Manen, PNG; Since the beginning of February, Mary Hiebert, 45,
and her caretaker Robert Smith, 49, have been looking for a rental apartment
that they can afford on their disability allowances.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Vancouver Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                             517 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                           September 17, 2006 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Residents fight affordable home proposal: 'Wrong place' chosen for project,
opponents argue

BYLINE: Kim Guttormson, Calgary Herald

SECTION: CITY & OBSERVER; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 470  words


Inglewood residents will try to convince city council Monday that an affordable
housing project slated for their neighbourhood is the wrong idea in the wrong
place.

It's the final battle over a development that will provide homes for seniors,
brain-injured and mentally ill adults, and low-income families and singles, and
has been in the works for more than two years.

"It just isn't in the place where it should be," 77-year-old Betty Hamilton
said. "What people don't realize is we're not against (affordable housing) in
the community, but it should be in the right place.

"This is the wrong place."

The Horizon Housing project calls for a 103-unit, three-storey apartment complex
and 10 semi-detached homes along 17th Street S.E.

Across the street is an industrial park and behind the site is the Inglewood
Bird Sanctuary and a wildlands park. In approving the project, the planning
commission recommended the city look at landscaping the boulevard in front of
the storage site to minimize the view.

Gian-Carlo Carra, president of the Inglewood Community Association, said the
issue for them isn't that it's multi-family or affordable housing, but that the
location isn't ideal for the people who will live there.

"It's a major institutional approach to housing, with a lot of people tucked
away in a back corner," he said, adding the site is too far from transit or
amenities such as grocery stores and pharmacies.

The community association wants to see affordable housing in Inglewood, but in a
more centralized location, adding more density along bus routes and leaving the
edges of the community to single-family homes, he said.

"What we're going to suggest to city council is there's a parking lot across
from Spolumbo's, across 9th Avenue, everyone supports that, if they want to put
a mixed-use building there with a retail base," Carra said.

He added the community association recently backed another, more centralized
proposed affordable housing project.

However, Carra did acknowledge that concerns raised by some residents fall into
the "not in my backyard" category.

Adrienne Weare, who lives in Inglewood and has a rental property near the
proposed housing complex, said there's no good reason for it not to proceed.

"I think, in principle, I don't disagree with mixing high- and low-income
housing, with subsidized housing being more central. It's a beautiful,
philosophical argument," said Weare, who sent a letter in support of the project
to city council. "But it doesn't help people facing winter without a home.

"We have to be reasonable."

Ald. Joe Ceci, who represents the area, said he's open to hearing both sides at
the public hearing Monday, but supports council's priority to add more
affordable housing units.

"I see that as part of getting to better communities," he said.

kguttormson@theherald.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Gian-Carlo Carra

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2006 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             518 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                            February 25, 2011 Friday
                                  ROP Edition

EXTRA IN YOUR Ledger - Quincy;
But officials are worried by talk of future housing cuts;
New aid for homeless being hailed

BYLINE:  Jack Encarnacao, The Patriot Ledger

SECTION: News; pg. 10

LENGTH: 398 words


Officials are hailing the awarding of $2.8 million in federal assistance for the
formerly homeless in Quincy and Weymouth, but they're apprehensive about housing
-program cuts being discussed in Washington.

The money, which a Quincy-Weymouth homelessness consortium has received since
1997, goes mostly to pay for rental subsidies designed to help homeless people
afford apartments.

Quincy's planning and community development department oversees the subsidies.
The apartments they go to help pay rent for are managed or owned by Father
Bill's and MainSpring Inc. of Quincy.

The $2.8 million money comes from programs tied to the federal McKinney-Vento
Homeless Assistance Act. While McKinney-Vento funding has not yet been
specifically targeted for cuts by Congress, cuts to the Department of Housing
and Urban Development are being actively discussed.

To lose such funds would lead to more people seeking refuge at overcrowded
shelters, Father Bill's Executive Director John Yazwinski said.

"We would see a large percentage of these people ending up back on our streets
and in our shelters and emergency rooms and mental health hospitals," he said.

Most of the $2.8 million will go to help cover rent for 237 households - 293
adults and 97 children in total - that are part of the program. The heads of
those households need to be disabled to qualify for the program, which covers 70
percent of rent, Yazwinski said.

The apartments, located across Quincy and Weymouth in group homes as well as
multi-family houses, are managed by Father Bill's and MainSpring. The agency
also provides services like drug, psychiatric and spousal-abuse counseling for
tenants.

The service component became a key part of Quincy's homelessness efforts in
2005, when the federal government began to steer more money toward programs that
included services and worked to transition the homeless into permanent housing.

In 2005, the city announced a plan to eradicate homeless in 10 years. It
continues to inch toward that goal, said Dennis Harrington, Quincy's planning
director.

"We've been able to make sure we don't have homeless families in Quincy to the
degree that some other cities have," he said. "We certainly do have a homeless
situation, but we've dealt with most of it. And given continued federal funding,
we should be able to continue to deal with it."

Jack Encarnacao may be reached at jencarnacao@ledger.com

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Patriot Ledger


                             519 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                           November 22, 2014 Saturday
                                 SOONER EDITION

NEW HOMES GOING UP IN LARIMER;
DEVELOPMENT DESIGNED TO REVITALIZE THE AREA

BYLINE: Clarece Polke, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 466 words


Frames of dozens of homes line several blocks near Larimer Avenue and Meadow
Street.

Some already have roofs. A house on Carver Street has windows installed. Others
remain wooden shells awaiting a covering.

It's little more than a month after the construction project began, and the
scattered frames are well on their way to becoming a completed housing
development.

The homes, financed in part by a low-income housing tax credit award from the
Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency, are part of an extensive plan to revitalize
Larimer and attract more residents to the community.

The 40 multi-family rental units are expected to be ready for occupancy as early
as next year, said Malik Bankston, executive director of the Kingsley
Association. Most of the buildings will be townhouses with one structure
comprising several apartments.

"Everybody's excited about the units that are coming up now but don't understand
the years of planning it took to make it happen," he said.

The application process began in 2011, and the project finally won a tax credit
award in 2013. Housing choice vouchers will be accepted in more than a dozen of
the units; the remainder will be affordable housing for interested candidates.

The buildings are adjacent to the site where 85 mixed-income housing units and a
mixed-used development are expected to break ground in the spring. The Choice
Neighborhoods program of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
will help fund the project with a $30 million grant.

Both projects are part of a comprehensive, multi-million-dollar community vision
for the area, developed in a series of sessions seeking public input and advice.
The Larimer Consensus Group is leading the community effort to attract renters
and interested homebuyers of varying income levels. The first priority, however,
is improving housing options for Larimer residents living in older city housing
developments or dilapidated homes, Mr. Bankston said.

The new homes are near the former site of the razed Auburn Terrace public
housing high-rise.

"There's an emphasis on providing quality housing options for people who are
living in the Larimer area," Mr. Bankston said. "We want this to become
Pittsburgh's greatest neighborhood ... a place where a low-income household or
family can buy a home should they choose."

Donna Jackson, secretary and treasurer of the Larimer Consensus Group, said she
sees the current and pending construction projects as the dawn of continued
housing expansion and improvement in the community riddled with more vacant land
than homes.

"It's now the community's belief that this is really happening," Ms. Jackson
said. "Larimer has been neglected for many years, so this has been a plus ...
Our concern is the Larimer community as a whole for clear, green, sustainable
growth."

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Clarece Polke: cpolke@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1889.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             520 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     October 2, 1988, Sunday, Final Edition

Home Economics;
A local builder's ideas on how to make buying a house more affordable.

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE C8; CLOSE TO HOME

LENGTH: 743 words


Many people are reportedly turning down jobs in the Washington area because they
can't afford to buy homes here. "Sticker shock" for newcomers is only one
indication that the high cost of housing is rapidly becoming an unhappy fact of
life in our community.

The median price of an existing single-family home in the area is about $
131,000. The average new home in Fairfax or Montgomery county sells for more
than twice that much. It is very difficult in many parts of the area to find any
kind of house for under $ 100,000.

Rental accommodations are also becoming more expensive and thus less of an
option for people trying to save money for the down payment on a house.

As president of a home building company in the area, I'm alarmed to see large
numbers of would-be home buyers priced out of the market. A number of things
should be done to assist first-time buyers and to increase the supply of
affordable housing. These items should be at the top of the list:

Tax incentives must be restored for multi-family housing. Congress thought it
had good and substantial reasons for repealing the accelerated depreciation
enacted in 1981. However, repeal of this incentive has caused the production of
multi-family housing to drop precipitously. At the very least, the incentive
should be restored for that portion of a building which is set aside for rental
to qualified, low- or moderate-income families.

Localities should also offer tax abatements for such multi-family housing. A
partial rebate on property taxes should be offered on the qualified portion of
the project, on condition that the rebate is passed on to the renter.

Would-be homeowners should be allowed to use their IRAs as part of their down
payments. People are now allowed to invest their IRAs in gold and silver. Why
not use them for the single biggest and best investment the average family ever
makes -- its own home?

FHA and VA mortgage programs should allow lower down payments and should make
greater use of adjustable-rate mortgages to allow more people to qualify for
these government-insured loans.

At the local level, increased density should be allowed. The rising cost of land
is the single biggest reason for the inflation in housing costs here and across
the country. In many parts of the area, builders couldn't make a pup tent
affordable because the land under it costs $ 100,000. Allowing more units to be
built on the same tract of land would lower the cost per unit.

Local building codes and requirements should be examined for possible reforms.
These are often unnecessarily restrictive and add significantly to the cost of
construction. Pilot programs sponsored by the Department of Housing and Urban
Development have shown that construction costs can be cut 10 percent to 30
percent without sacrificing quality by easing building codes and regulations.

Local governments in the Washington area have undertaken some commendable
initiatives in affordable housing. In Montgomery County, for example, a
Moderately Priced Dwelling Unit (MPDU) program has yielded more than 6,500 homes
for sale to qualified low- and middle-income buyers. Under some circumstances,
builders may utilize greater density if MPDUs are provided. Fairfax County is
also considering establishing an MPDU program linked to density, although the
details remain to be worked out.

Fairfax currently has $ 2.8 million in its housing trust fund. The county should
consider using the money to buy down mortgages for qualified families, with its
investment recovered at sale of the home. There is no better investment than the
home of a stable, hard-working American family.

There are dozens of other examples of local initiatives across the country. The
local and state governments have started to come up with some practical ideas.

The private sector must do its part, too. I am sure that responsible home
builders would be eager to participate in MPDU programs wherever the local need
justifies them. This is not only because housing is our business, but also
because we recognize the social need for affordable housing in our communities.

Civic leaders, elected officials at all levels, and builders must work together
to carry out a national commitment to affordable housing. I urge all parties to
work together and avoid pointing fingers and assessing blame. The problems are
obvious; let's get to work to solve them.  -- Dwight C. Schar is chairman of
NVRyan, L.P. of McLean

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post


                             521 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                            December 23, 2005 Friday

Locked out for the holidays

BYLINE: Mary Weston/Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 1011 words


The day before Thanksgiving, Kathleen Leggett, her twins and granddaughter and
the 93-year-old man who lived next door came to their apartments on High Street
in Oroville to gather a few more of their possessions.

Leggett, her three children and Jesse Giger and his roommate were rendered
homeless when the city red-tagged their apartments in November because of health
and safety issues. A week before Christmas, they remained homeless.

On Nov. 16, they were given a couple of hours to pack what they needed and leave
their apartments.

"He [the code enforcement officer] said I can go in and get my stuff," Leggett
said. "But I can't live in there, and my kids can't live there or CPS can take
them away from me. I have until the first to get everything out."

Other Oroville residents who live in substandard rentals, like Leggett, will be
asked to leave their apartments within hours, if the property owner refuses to
bring them up to health and safety codes, and the city red-tags the apartment.

David Goyer, code enforcement officer for the city, said this is part of a city
program to inspect multi-family rentals and insure they meet health and safety
codes and are safe for people to live in.

Goyer said when the city receives a complaint about a rental, he calls the owner
and schedules an inspection. Then, the city talks to the owner and tries to get
the safety and health issues remedied.

However, if the owner doesn't comply, after a period of time, the city red-tags
the building or individual apartments as a last resort. When a unit is
red-tagged, the renters have to leave immediately.

"The city can't allow people to live in dwellings with unsafe or unhealthy
conditions," Goyer said.

The problems can be caused by owners deferring maintenance or by tenants
creating unsafe or unhealthy conditions.

"Sometimes it's the lifestyle of the tenants," Goyer said.

Tenants can attract insect infestations if they don't keep their apartments
clean. However, apartment buildings that have been neglected can harbor insects
inside the walls that infest all the apartments.

Even small electrical defects pose a safety hazard such as broken covers on
electrical outlets where children might touch electrical wires.

Goyer said some property owners in Oroville have historically deferred
maintenance on their properties and allowed them to become rundown while
collecting rents. The city wants that to change. That might impact some renters
negatively in the short term, such as Leggett and Giger.

Leggett said the property manager at the apartments wouldn't let her stay in
another apartment that was vacant.

"She's upset that I called code enforcement," Leggett said.

She doesn't have a family here she can stay with. Currently she's staying with a
friend, but the friend's landlord won't allow her to stay there very long.

In September, Leggett said she called city code enforcement about the conditions
of the apartment. She said she had made numerous calls to the property manager
but nothing got done. She had to accept the conditions of the apartment when she
moved in or be homeless, she said.

Leggett said she has tried to get homeless assistance from the county, but it
was denied because they said she could go back to the apartment after it passed
inspection. Yet, she isn't optimistic about that, as the roach infestations were
just as bad as ever, although pest control had fumigated the apartments, she
said.

Jason Taylor, community resource and economic development officer for the
Oroville Police Department, works with Goyer to bring multi-family rentals up to
code and to keep illegal activity out of rental properties.

Taylor said they try to educate tenants and property owners and solicit
voluntary compliance. However some tenants will be displaced if unsafe
conditions aren't remedied in a timely manner.

"Our focus is voluntary compliance," Taylor said. "If we don't have voluntary
compliance, we have to work on other measures."

"If the housing is unsafe, it would be irresponsible for us to let people live
there," Taylor said.

The city also offers a landlord training program, giving property managers and
owners the tools to effectively manage their rental property. Taylor said by
screening renters and keeping properties maintained, the property owner creates
an atmosphere that sets boundaries for behaviors. Whereas, a rundown property
sends a message that anything goes.

Taylor said both renters and property owners can protect themselves by following
the California Tenants Guide. The guide lays out state rental laws and advises
both renters and property owners of their rights. For example, tenants and
property owners should conduct a walk through of a rental before tenants move in
documenting the conditions of the property. The handbook gives a checklist for a
walk through inspection.

Additionally tenants displaced when a property is red-tagged may be eligible for
reimbursement, which is outlined in the handbook.

"If a tenant is put out through no fault of their own, under certain conditions
the landlord could be liable for housing up to 60 days," Taylor said.

The handbook is on the city's Web site at www.cityoforoville.org. Click on
police in the column on the right side of the home page. Scroll down to the
banner at the bottom of the page. Click on community revitalization.

This page offers links to a variety of information, including the California
Tenants Handbook. More information is available at www.dca.ca.gov or at
800-952-5210.

City Administrator Sharon Atteberry said City Council approved the rental
inspection program to bring multi-family rentals up to standards. This is also
part of the city's other programs to improve Oroville's image and make it a
safer more esthetically pleasing place to live to complement the beautiful area,
she said.

"That's what we hear from visitors all the time, You have a beautiful area, so
why do you have so many dilapidated buildings?"' Atteberry said. "We also want
to clean it up for everyone in the community."

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2005 Oroville Mercury Register


                             522 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                      May 25, 1998, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Report urges low-cost housing construction

BYLINE: RON COLLINS, CALGARY HERALD

SECTION: CITY; NO PLACE TO LIVE; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 571 words


The city must take immediate steps to encourage more low- cost housing
development in Calgary, a report says.

"It's important for the city to act quickly, both to address the critical needs
and to capitalize on interest and commitment of potential partners," says the
report from city commissioners, which has not been released to the public.

The city's hot economy has attracted thousands of workers, but the rental
vacancy rate is less than one per cent, boosting Calgary's homeless ranks.

The city is poised is spend $ 1 million to find solutions for the working poor
and develop more affordable housing, the report says.

"Longer term solutions must be initiated, and this will require a major
commitment of city resources," the report says. The $ 1-million contribution
will "kick-start social housing ventures."

City officials hope the money will stimulate private-sector and government
participation to ease the housing crunch.

Ald. Joanne Kerr said Sunday that the money should be placed in an "incentive
pool for developers to come on side and build more affordable housing."

Kerr and Ald. Bob Hawkesworth will present a joint motion this week asking the
city administration to investigate mechanisms to create a continuing source of
funds for low-income housing development and to provide incentives to encourage
the private sector to build affordable rental housing.

Developers face a "lot of levies," she said.

The report recommends the city develop a 1998-1999 winter shelter plan to
identify new sites for the homeless.

Kerr said there are about 1,000 homeless in Calgary and 8,000 who are "at risk
of becoming homeless and require affordable rental housing. We know the numbers
we have now and we know they're not going to decrease."

The city's emergency shelters are full.

The report says the city should consider developing more units within the
subsidized York Hotel at Centre Street and 7th Avenue S.E. and use the
city-owned Little People's Day Care at 50th Street and 24th Avenue S.E. for
transitional housing.

Fred Schickedanz, chairman of the Calgary Home Builders Association's
multi-family council, predicted the city's plan will be well-received.

The private sector will come up with creative solutions if government red tape
is eased, he said.

An ad hoc committee, co-chaired by Hawkesworth and MLA Bonnie Laing, today will
release a community-action plan after two years of study.

"There are four key directions that we believe we need to be moving in,"
Hawkesworth said.

"We have to increase the supply of housing for people of low income; we have to
develop an umbrella system better co-ordinating all agencies and governments
that provide services.

"Thirdly, we need to target services for aboriginal people that are more
culturally appropriate. And finally, we need the entire community to get firmly
behind this plan."

This week is Homelessness Awareness Week.

As of April 1, there were 1,260 people on a waiting list for city social housing
units.

There are 800 downtown shelter spaces.

Part of a Series

Saturday: The Challenge: An abundance of jobs are luring newcomers in droves.
But a shortage of accommodation is forcing hundreds of working Calgarians into
emergency shelters.

Sunday: Seeking Solutions: The city's corporate community is joining forces with
the city and social services agencies to look for long-term solutions.


LOAD-DATE: May 26, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Part of a Series

               Copyright 1998 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             523 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                           October 17, 2007 Wednesday

The Bizz: Oct. 18

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 541 words


Surado helps Brookside have fun
REDLANDS - Surado Solutions turned away from software and technology last
weekend to devote a day to giving back to the community.

This year's event was coordinated through Brookside Healthcare Center in
Redlands, a licensed 97-bed skilled nursing facility that provides a comfortable
and nurturing place for all residents, whether they are there for short-term
treatment or long-term care.

Surado employees, families and friends brought cheer to the residents with a
variety of activities which included one on one interaction, playing musical
instruments, showing movies, playing games, barbecue and serving delicious home
made food.

The day ended after a "Walk & Roll" stroll to the nearby park and the
presentation of "gift baskets of goodies" for residents.

"It truly was a satisfying experience for all of us," said Surado CEO Sundip R.
Doshi. "Being able to touch the lives of the residents brought an internal sense
of joy and happiness."

Information: www.brooksidehealthcare.net, www.SuradoCRM.com.

CSU set for fast pitch
SAN BERNARDINO - Students at Cal State San Bernardino are getting ready for a
fast-pitch competition, but there won't be any softballs involved.

On Tuesday, Oct. 30, CSUSB's Student Fast Pitch Competition will give students
the chance to present their new ideas for businesses to investors and
entrepreneurs, with $7,500 in prize money awarded for the best pitches.

The event begins at 4 p.m. and is sponsored by Enterprise Funding.

Information: www.entre.csusb.edu under "events," (909) 537-3708.

M&M gets $3M for Fontana apartments
FONTANA - Marcus & Millichap recently announced the sale of Fontana Royal in
Fontana for a sales price of $3,010,000.

Kevin Struve, investment specialist in Marcus & Millichap's Ontario office, had
the exclusive listing to market the property on behalf of a California-based
private investor. He also secured and represented the buyer in the transaction,
another California-based private investor.

This 34-unit offering is at 9410 Citrus Ave. Built in 1964, the property is
situated on a 1.14-acre lot. The Fontana Royal Apartments are compromised of 19
one-bedroom/one-bathroom units, and 15 two-bedroom/two-bathroom units.

With a severe shortage of affordable housing, increasing interest rates and
minimal new multi-family construction, there is strong demand for rental
housing. The Inland Empire's multiresidential rents are expected to rise.

Information: www.marcusmillichap.com

Keeping Bizzy in the I.E.
Here's a sampling of events around the area today:

Small Business Development Center's "How to Start Your Small Business" workshop
runs from 9-11 a.m. at 41870 Kalmia Ave., Suite 135, in Murrieta. Information:
(951) 781-2345, www.iesmallbusiness.com.

The SBDC's "Understanding Your Financials" workshop runs from 9 a.m.-noon at
7945 Vineyard Ave., Suite D-5, in Rancho Cucamonga. Information: (951) 781-2345,
www.iesmallbusiness.com.

The SBDC's "Writing Your Business plan" workshop runs from 9 a.m.-noon at 1201
Research Park Dr., Suite 100, in Riverside. Information: (951) 781-2345,
www.iesmallbusiness.com.

The Fontana Chamber of Commerce is holding a mixer, sponsored by Schryer's Tile
& Grout Restoration, at 5:30 p.m., Chamber offices, 8491 Sierra Ave..

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             524 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily News of Newburyport (Massachusetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 13, 2012 Thursday

Newburyport Y eyes Salisbury school for low-cost housing

BYLINE: Angeljean Chiaramida, The Daily News of Newburyport, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 658 words


Dec. 13--SALISBURY -- It was built nearly a century ago and educated thousands
of Salisbury children for decades before closing, but the Spalding School could
soon get a new life as an affordable housing opportunity for moderate- to
low-income households -- perhaps developed by the Newburyport YWCA.

Earlier this year, Salisbury Affordable Housing Trust members began looking into
the concept of turning the three-floor, 15,000-square-foot, 12-classroom school
into multi-family housing. Through Salisbury's Planning Office, the trust
requested "expressions of interest" from those who might consider developing
housing units within the school, which was built in 1915.

Last night, four groups made presentations to trust members, offering their
visions of what could happen at the school. They include projects that could
bring from 12 to 40 units of housing to Salisbury.

Most of the groups promise that most, if not all, of the units would be rented
within a price range of households whose incomes are at, or below, 80 percent of
the median income in Salisbury, which the state places at about $65,000 for a
family of four.

Those interested were asked to comply with the trust's criteria, which included
the creation of housing, preferably rental, that offered at least 10 percent in
the affordable range. The trust wanted the historical nature of the building
preserved and protection provided to both the neighborhood and environment.
Additionally, the letters should indicate how the new project would provide a
financial benefit to the town, including tax payments, purchase or lease
payments.

The meeting yesterday was not intended as a session after which trust members
would pick a developer from those who expressed initial interest, according to
Salisbury Planning Director Lisa Pearson. Instead, it was an opportunity for
trust members to hear what's possible, she said, then decide if or how to
proceed.

If members think the project is worthwhile, they can put together a plan for the
development, Pearson said, after which a formal request for proposal would be
posted, allowing all interested parties to offer bids from which the trust
members will choose.

The groups presenting last night include Salem's North Shore Community
Development Corporation and Harborlight Community Partners of Beverly, both of
which have experience building affordable housing complexes elsewhere.

The two other letters were from joint ventures involving more familiar local
groups. One was from Caruso McGovern Construction, which together with the
Salisbury Housing Authority, suggested building 12 units of rental housing at
Spalding. SHA currently owns and manages Beach Road's Great Meadows complex,
which provides affordable housing for income-qualified residents.

And Newburyport's YWCA, along with L.D. Russo, presented the final option
discussed last night. Depending on the mix of apartment sizes, this proposal
could bring from 14 to 26 units to town, which would be prioritized for women.

Spalding School was rented for years by the Sparhawk High School, but has been
vacant for more than a year after Sparhawk found another location. Located on
Maple Street, the school building was constructed originally in 1915 as the
Jacob F. Spalding School. In 1957, another structure, Memorial School, was added
nearby and in 1962 the two buildings were connected with yet another building.

Always an elementary school, when Salisbury's new school was completed, local
children moved there, vacating the complex.

The Boys and Girls Club of the Lower Merrimack Valley found a home in the first
floor of the Memorial School section of the complex, and recently the Greater
Lawrence Educational Collaborative moved into the second floor at Memorial
School, with a three-year lease.

___ (c)2012 The Daily News of Newburyport (Newburyport, Mass.) Visit The Daily
News of Newburyport (Newburyport, Mass.) at www.newburyportnews.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121213-ZN-Newburyport-Y-eyes-Salisbury-school-for-low-cost-housing
-1213-20121213

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZN


                  Copyright 2012 The Daily News of Newburyport


                             525 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Lowell Sun (Lowell, MA)

                            December 23, 2002 Monday

Developer proposes affordable units on Tewksbury land

BYLINE: VANESSA HUGHES, Sun Staff

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 527 words


TEWKSBURY A 3.6-acre parcel off Livingston Street may become home to a proposed
20-unit affordable-housing subdivision.

Local developer and attorney Robert Scarano expects to go before selectmen and
the Zoning Board of Appeals in February with plans to build Roberts Reach, a
subdivision of single-family homes at 787 Livingston St., between Pinnacle and
East streets.

He plans to ask the town to co-sponsor the project under the Local Initiative
Program of the state's Chapter 40B affordable-housing law. The program gives
towns more control of affordable developments.

Scarano said he considers the project the highest and best use of the land, and
will meet the needs of the market.

"The parcel was originally zoned industrial but lies directly in a residential
neighborhood," he said. "I came to the conclusion that more garage-type bays are
not needed and more housing is needed."

Twenty-five percent, or five of the 20 colonial homes proposed, will be
affordable. Affordable homes, interspersed with identical market-rate homes,
will sell for $150,900. Market-rate prices are expected to start at $339,900.

The five units will count toward Tewksbury's affordable-housing stock, which
currently makes up about 4 percent of the town's total housing. The town can
gain more control over affordable developments once it meets the state's 10
percent mandate.

Using the Local Initiative Program, 70 percent of affordable homes in the
project must be set aside for Tewksbury residents. Four of the five affordable
homes proposed as part of Roberts Reach would be sold to residents through a
lottery system.

All of the homes are designed as two-stories, with three bedrooms and a two-car
garage. Two existing rental properties on the parcel will be razed, Scarano
said.

Scarano said he had plans to propose a project much larger in scope but shrunk
his original plan. He declined to say how large that plan was.

"After reviewing what is consistent with the location, we felt 20 units from a
density standpoint would be right for the parcel," he said.

Town planners said they had hoped to see a 40-unit affordable rental project
built at the site instead, which would boost the town's affordable-housing stock
more significantly because all units of an affordable rental development,
including market-rate units, count toward a town's affordable-housing stock.

Scarano said he hopes to start construction by late spring or early summer.

He is also moving forward with plans to restore the old George Lee House and
build a multi-family residential development for tenants 50 and older on the Lee
Street property. The project got the green light at the last Special Town
Meeting, when residents voted to approve a zoning change.

Scarano is also proposing an office complex on Main Street, where Crystal's
General Store currently stands. The store and a house next to it will be
demolished. In its place, Scarano plans to build a two-wing commercial center,
with parking in the back and green space in the front. He said he expects to
present those plans publicly next month.

Vanessa Hughes' e-mail address is vhughes@lowellsun.com .

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                             526 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                           August 20, 2014 Wednesday

San Bernardino officials outline housing code enforcement plan

BYLINE: Ryan Hagen

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 559 words


SAN BERNARDINO >> A stack of complaints and reports on the Edgehill Apartment
complex going back to 2005 stood nearly one foot tall beside the mayor, city
attorney and police chief as they talked Wednesday about the previous day s code
inspections there.

More than 200 violations were found Tuesday at the 36-unit complex at 110 W 43rd
St., according to Police Chief Jarrod Burguan, who joined other city officials
in saying conditions found there and at similarly run complexes across the city
contribute to the crime rate.

Reporters at a news conference at San Bernardino police headquarters kept asking
versions of two questions: How does a stack get that big without the problems
being fixed? And how does the city plan to stop it from happening again?

Officials speculated on a few answers to the first question, with Mayor Carey
Davis saying one of the major factors is the fact that none of the top officials
in the room had been in office when the file began or even a year ago. That s
Davis, Burguan, Community Development Director Mark Persico, City Attorney Gary
Saenz and all taking their position in the past year.

One of the needs in San Bernardino is to provide continuity,  Davis said.  We ve
had turnover of police chiefs, fire chiefs, city managers. Now we have an
opportunity to correct that course.

Burguan said the way Code Enforcement had approached its job until now
responding to resident complaints as they come in, without a guiding plan   made
it difficult to follow through.

This isn t the fault of any person in particular, but had a shotgun approach,
constantly going from this problem to that problem to downtown,  Burguan said of
the Code Enforcement Division, which police took over about a year and a half
ago.  We ll now have a more focused approach.

Davis said there s now also unity behind the housing plan from City Hall,
outlined in a July report his office issued along with asking the city manager
to focus for 120 days on enforcement related to multi-family rental housing and
developing a receivership program.

In the next few weeks, I will be asking the council to review our penalty
amounts and approve any necessary changes to our codes that will increase
enforcement actions,  Davis said.  Over the course of the next four months, the
Housing Policy Advisory Group will continue to look at our Crime-Free Rental
Housing program and our inspection requirements to bring greater tools to our
police, code enforcement and city attorney. I plan to take their recommendations
to the council for approval no later than January 2015.

Meanwhile, the violations tallied Tuesday will be taken to a hearing officer and
move through the court system, with receivership an option if they aren t taken
care of quickly enough. It should take from a few weeks to a few months to
correct the violations at Edgehill Apartments, Saenz said.

Speaking after the conference, Senior Plans Examiner Jim Sowers   part of the
team that helped inspect the properties Tuesday   said the tenants deserved a
place that was comfortable and safe.

Everybody looks at it like we re throwing down the hammer, but we re talking
about minimums of state law,  Sowers said, pointing particularly to improperly
installed water heaters he observed.  You get any kind of an earthquake ... that
s completely unsafe. Our job is to let people live in safety.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             527 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 July 10, 1989

Housing Consultant Claims He Was Referred to Deborah Gore Dean

SECTION: Pg. 25

LENGTH: 879 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


A Republican consultant who wanted to lobby the Department of Housing and Urban
Department to gain approval for a housing project told lawmakers he was referred
to Deborah Gore Dean, executive assistant to then-Secretary Samuel Pierce.

That consultant, Frederick Bush, had just left then-Vice President George Bush's
office to open his own firm, called Bush & Co.

Mr. Bush claimed, in a change of testimony, that one of his partners met Hunter
Cushing, a former HUD deputy assistant secretary for multi-family housing at a
social event and Mr. Cushing informed him that Ms. Dean was the person to see
about the funding.

In earlier testimony, on May 25, Mr. Bush told the panel that he had simply
found Ms. Dean's name in a HUD directory.

Mr. Bush told the lawmakers that he was insufficiently prepared for the initial
hearing, explaining the discrepancies in his testimony.

Mr. Bush's client, a Puerto Rican developer, wanted Section 8 Moderate
Rehabilitation funds for a 180-unit apartment project known as Los Jamines.

Mr. Bush, no relation to the President, was able to arrange a meeting with Ms.
Dean with one phone call.

"No one at Bush & Co. understood at the time that Ms. Dean, might have the power
to approve this project," Mr. Bush testified before the House Government
Operations subcommittee on employment and housing.

Funding for the Los Jamines project was subsequently approved and Mr. Bush
earned $ 160,000 for his efforts, although the project was never started and no
Federal funds were used.

Later, Mr. Bush became the chief fund raiser for President Bush's 1988 campaign.
He is now a nominee to become ambassador to Luxembourg, although that nomination
appears to be in trouble.

Following President Bush's election, Frederick Bush recommended Mr. Cushing for
an appointment to the Commerce Department.

So far, Ms. Dean has refused to testify before the House investigative
subcommittee, citing her Fifth Amendment rights, and Mr. Cushing declined to
testify, claiming he needs more time to prepare for testimony.

Ms. Dean and Mr. Cushing have become the "central players" in the scandal,
according to a member of the House investigative panel, Rep. Christopher Shays,
R., Conn.

"I hope they will come back to testify," he said.

Employment and housing subcommittee chairman Tom Lantos, D., Calif., noted that
the Section 8 moderate rehab program is "riddled with blatant favoritism,
political influence and abuse."

"We see a series of handwritter.  Dear Debbie' letters from developers,
consultants, attorneys and others who stood to gain significantly from mod rehab
program funding decisions made by HUD, blind copies of applications for rent
subsidies being sent to Deborah Dean, . . . and by extraordinary coincidence,
the applications pushed by these individuals being approved by HUD," Rep. Lantos
said.

Mr. Bush also made quite a business of lobbying HUD.

His firm received a $ 268,000 technical assistance grant from HUD to do a study
for the development of Old San Juan and its waterfront.

The project was "conditionally" approved by HUD Secretary Samuel Pierce and paid
out of discretionary funds controlled by the Secretary.

HUD career employees rejected the project six times, according to chairman
Lantos, because the costs were "bloated" and "Mr. Bush's firm was totally
unqualified."

Mr. Bush claimed that the Old San Juan project was a good project and he never
used political influence.

"I don't think there is child over the age of six who can believe that,"
chairman Lantos countered.

The project was approved by political people, over the objections of career HUD
employees, he said.

Chairman Lantos also asked Mr. Bush about a memo written by Ms. Dean to Tony
Benedi, coordinator of special projects for Vice President Bush.

The June 10, 1987 memo lists numerous HUD projects to assist the city of
Bayamon, Puerto Rico, including the Los Jamines project represented by Mr. Bush.

Written in response to Mr. Benedi's request, Ms. Dean warns possible trouble in
relation to a HUD Inspector General report and a request from HUD Region II for
a refund.

"There are currently no IG investigations involving Bayamon, P.R. but please
reference page 30 in the attached Inspector General report to the Congress on
the CDBG operations in the Municipality of Bayamon.

"Region II has requested Bayamon to repay $ 1m. and we are certain that this
request will meet opposition from Bayamon.

"If the advance work is handled property, this should not present a problem, but
it is potentially dangerous," Ms. Dean warned.

Chairman Lantos asked Mr. Bush, who served Vice President Bush as deputy chief
of staff from January 1982 to December 1983, what "potentially dangerous" means.

"I have no idea," Mr. Bush protested.

Hearings by chairman Lantos subcommittee are expected to continue through July
and possibly resume in September when Congress returns from its August recess.

Secretary Jack Kemp is scheduled to testify this Tuesday (July 11) on his
efforts to clean up HUD.

Mr. Cushing is also expected to testify this month and the subcommittee plans to
bring in two of Mr. Bush's partners to testify about Bush & Co.'s contact with
HUD employees.

It is still uncertain when or if Ms. Dean will testify.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Frederick Bush, a housing consultant, testified that he was
working on behalf of a Puerto Rican developer.

                   Copyright 1989 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             528 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 13, 2014 Wednesday

Reserve Account

LENGTH: 2061  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Proposed Rule.
Summary

Through this action, the Rural Housing Service (RHS) is proposing to amend its
regulation to change the requirements of the Reserve Account for the Section 515
Rural Rental Housing (RRH) program. The intended effect of this action is to
address the reserve account requirement of an Agency countersignature with the
borrower when a Section 538 guaranteed loan is involved, and to also clarify
that reserve account funds cannot be used to pay for fees associated with the
Section 538 guaranteed loan program.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Executive Order 12866--Classification
    Executive Order 12988--Civil Justice Reform
    Executive Order 13132--Federalism
    Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments
    Regulatory Flexibility Act
    Paperwork Reduction Act
    E-Government Act Compliance
    Unfunded Mandate Reform Act (UMRA)
    Environmental Impact Statement
    Programs Affected
    Executive Order 12372--Intergovernmental Consultation
    Background Information:
    List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 3560
    PART 3560--DIRECT MULTI-FAMILY HOUSING LOANS AND GRANTS
    Subpart G--Financial Management

DATES: Back to Top

Written or email comments must be received on or before October 14, 2014.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

You may submit comments to this rule by any of the following methods:

Federal e-Rulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the instructions
for submitting comments.
    Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service to the Branch
Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0742.

    Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal Express Mail or
another mail courier service requiring a street address to the Branch Chief,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 300
7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Suite 701, Washington, DC 20024.

All written comments will be available for public inspection during regular
hours at the 300 7th Street SW., address listed above.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Tammy S. Daniels, Financial and Loan Analyst, Multi-Family Housing Guaranteed
Loan Division, Rural Housing Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, STOP 0781,
1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0781, Telephone: (202)
720-0021 (this is not a toll-free number); email: tammy.daniels@wdc.usda.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

Executive Order 12866--Classification Back to Top

This proposed rule has been determined to be not significant and was reviewed by
the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under Executive Order 12866.
Executive Order 12988--Civil Justice Reform Back to Top

This proposed rule has been reviewed under E.O. 12988, Civil Justice Reform. If
this proposed rule is adopted: (1) Unless otherwise specifically provided, all
State and local laws that are in conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2)
no retroactive effect will be given to this rule except as specifically
prescribed in the rule; and (3) administrative proceedings of the National
Appeals Division of the Department of Agriculture (7 CFR part 11) must be
exhausted before bringing suit.
Executive Order 13132--Federalism Back to Top

The policies contained in this proposed rule do not have any substantial direct
effect on States, on the relationship between the national government and the
states, or on the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various
levels of government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance
costs on State and local governments. Therefore, consultation with states is not
required.
Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments Back to Top

This executive order imposes requirements on Rural Development in the
development of regulatory policies that have tribal implications or preempt
tribal laws. Rural Development has determined that the final rule does not have
a substantial direct effect on one or more Indian tribe(s) or on either the
relationship or the distribution of powers and responsibilities between the
Federal Government and Indian tribes. Thus, this final rule is not subject to
the requirements of Executive Order 13175. If a tribe determines that this rule
has implications of which Rural Development is not aware and would like to
engage with Rural Development on this rule, please contact Rural Development's
Native American Coordinator at AIAN@wdc.usda.gov
Regulatory Flexibility Act Back to Top

The proposed rule has been reviewed with regard to the requirements of the
Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601-612). The undersigned has determined
and certified by signature on this document that this rule will not have a
significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities. This
rulemaking action does not involve a new or expanded program nor does it require
any more action on the part of a small business than required of a large entity.

Paperwork Reduction Act Back to Top

There are no new reporting and recordkeeping requirements associated with this
proposed rule.
E-Government Act Compliance Back to Top

RHS is committed to complying with the E-Government Act by promoting the use of
the Internet and other information technologies in order to provide increased
opportunities for citizen access to Government information, services, and other
purposes.
Unfunded Mandate Reform Act (UMRA) Back to Top

This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory provisions of Title
II of the UMRA) for State, local and tribal governments or the private sector.
Therefore, this rule is not subject to the requirements of Sections 202 and 205
of the UMRA.
Environmental Impact Statement Back to Top

This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." RHS determined that the proposed action does not
constitute a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the
environment. Therefore in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act
of 1969, 91, an Environmental Impact Statement is not required.
Programs Affected Back to Top

The programs affected by this regulation are listed in the Catalog of Federal
Domestic Assistance under numbers 10.405--Farm Labor Housing Loans and Grants;
10.415--Rural Rental Housing Loans; and 10.427--Rural Rental Assistance
Payments.
Executive Order 12372--Intergovernmental Consultation Back to Top

These loans are subject to the provisions of E.O. 12372, which require
intergovernmental consultation with state and local officials. RHS conducts
intergovernmental consultations for each loan in a manner delineated in RD
Instruction 1940-J, (available in any Rural Development office and on the
Internet at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/SupportDocuments/1940j.pdf) and 7 CFR
part 3015, subpart V.
Background Information: Back to Top

Reserve accounts are established by the recipient of Section 515 Rural Rental
Housing loans (the "borrower") to meet the major capital expenses of a housing
project. The amount of the payments to the reserve account is established in the
loan documents, beginning with the first loan payment or the date specified in
the loan documents. The current requirement at 7 CFR 3560.306(e)(2) states that
reserve accounts require Agency countersignature with the borrower on all
withdrawals. The Section 538 Guaranteed Rural Rental Housing Program (GRRHP)
often provides funding to an existing Section 515 Direct Rural Rental Housing
property. Loan funds provided by the lender and guaranteed by the GRRHP are
critical to the rehabilitation and preservation of older existing Section 515
properties. The GRRHP regulation at 7 CFR 3565.402(a) requires that all property
reserve accounts be held by the lender, which eliminates the unauthorized use of
these funds by the borrower since the borrower does not have access to the
funds. When an approved Section 538 lender lends funds to an existing Section
515 financed property, this brings 7 CFR 3560.306 and 3565.402 into conflict,
pitting the requirement for the Agency to countersignature for funds pursuant to
§ 3560.306, against the requirement that lenders have unfettered control of
funds pursuant to § 3565.402. GRRHP loan guarantees are sold on the secondary
market as long as the loan is closed and is not in default. In most cases, the
Section 538 loans on Section 515 financed properties are transferred to Ginnie
Mae. Ginnie Mae requires that property reserve accounts be pledged as collateral
for the loan and that it has unfettered access to those accounts. In order to
meet this secondary market requirement, the reserve accounts must be titled
exclusively in the lender's name. In order to meet Ginnie Mae's requirements,
the reserve accounts cannot be countersigned with any other party. Requiring the
Agency's signature on all withdrawals ensures that the borrower does not have
uncontrolled use of the funds and this requirement will remain unchanged for
properties that only have Section 515 direct loans. This amendment would relieve
the Agency of its countersignature responsibility for properties with Section
538 funding; the Agency's interest in the reserve accounts would still be
protected by the change in the regulation, since the lender is required to get
prior Agency approval before funds disbursement. Therefore, funds from the
lender-controlled reserve account cannot be used for items not agreed to by the
Agency.

Additionally, RHS proposes to amend 7 CFR 3560.306(g) to clarify that reserve
account funds cannot be used to pay fees associated with the loan guarantee.
Lenders are currently using the Replacement Reserve account to pay fees
associated with the loan guarantee, i.e., the annual renewal fee. These fees are
considered a project expense and must be paid from the operating account, not
the replacement reserve account.
List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 3560 Back to Top

Accounting
    Accounting servicing
    Administrative practice and procedure
    Aged
    Farm labor housing
    Foreclosure
    Grant programs--Housing and community development
    Government acquired property
    Government property management
    Handicapped
    Insurance
    Loan programs--Agriculture
    Loan programs--Housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Low and moderate income housing--Rental
    Migrant labor
    Mortgages
    Nonprofit organizations
    Public housing
    Rent subsidies
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Rural housing
    Sale of Government acquired property
    Surplus Government property

Therefore, chapter XXXV, Title 7 of the Code of Federal Regulations, is proposed
to be amended as follows:
begin regulatory text
PART 3560--DIRECT MULTI-FAMILY HOUSING LOANS AND GRANTS Back to Top

1.The authority citation for Part 3560 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

42 U.S.C. 1480.
end regulatory text
Subpart G--Financial Management Back to Top
begin regulatory text

2.Amend § 3560.306 by revising paragraph (e)(2) and adding paragraph (g)(5) to
read as follows:
§ 3560.306 Reserve account.

* * * * *

(e) * * *

(2) Reserve accounts must be supervised accounts that require Agency
countersignatures on all withdrawals; except, this requirement is not applicable
when loan funds guaranteed by the Section 538 Guaranteed Rural Rental Housing
Program (GRRHP) are used for the construction and/or rehabilitation of a Section
515 project. Section 515 Rural Rental Housing borrowers who are exempted from
the supervised account and countersignature requirement, as described above,
must follow Section 538 GRRHP regulatory requirements pertaining to reserve
accounts. In all cases, Section 538 lenders must get prior written approval from
the Agency before reserve account funds involving a Section 515 project can be
disbursed to the borrower.

* * * * *

(g) * * *

(5) Funds from the replacement reserve account cannot be used to pay any fees
associated with the Section 538 GRRHP loan guarantee, as determined by the
Agency.

* * * * *
end regulatory text

Dated: July 11, 2014.

Tony Hernandez,

Administrator, Rural Housing Service.

For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             529 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           October 18, 2014 Saturday

Oakland: Report says 1,300 soft story apartments at risk of collapse in
earthquake

BYLINE: Bay City News Service

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Alameda; News; Local; Business

LENGTH: 977 words


OAKLAND - Twenty-two thousand rental units in Oakland are at risk of collapsing
in an earthquake, according to a memo released by the city to coincide with the
25th anniversary of the Loma Prieta earthquake Friday.

"Soft story" buildings make up 11 percent of occupied housing units in Oakland
and were the primary type of buildings to collapse in the Loma Prieta and
Northridge earthquakes, the report said. Some 1,300 housing units in
multi-family buildings in Oakland were lost or severely damaged in Loma Prieta,
according to the memo, and constituted a significant portion of the city's
affordable housing stock for seniors and minority residents.

Oakland chief resilience officer Victoria Salinas said the soft story buildings
are characterized by wood-frame construction and open space or parking on the
ground floor.

"That makes it particularly vulnerable to collapsing because there's not enough
structural support," Salinas said.

Out of all the city's housing stock, soft story apartment buildings are expected
to cause the most displacement of residents, she said, because they tend to
house more occupants and are a higher risk of building failure, necessitating
extensive renovations if damaged.

They also tend to be located in neighborhoods that are further from public
transportation and have higher proportions of people living in poverty or
earning moderate incomes, Salinas said.

"A lot of these apartment buildings are ones that are part of Oakland's
affordable housing stock, so it's housing that provides a place to live for
Oakland's most vulnerable families," Salinas said. "If these buildings go down,
it's highly likely they'll need massive amounts of renovation, and the residents
will be displaced for a long time."

According to the United States Geological Survey, the Hayward fault, which
bisects the city, has the highest likelihood of all Bay Area faults of a major
earthquake in the next 30 years.

The memo, released Thursday, details Oakland's efforts to develop a soft story
retrofit program similar to programs in Berkeley and San Francisco.

Oakland partnered with the Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG) to assess
the scope of a potential retrofit program beginning in 2008 with a survey of
1,400 multi-family buildings with five or more units. The initial assessment
identified 1,100 soft story apartment buildings with roughly 19,000 rental
units, according to the report.

In 2009, the City Council approved an ordinance requiring wood-frame property
owners to complete a short structural assessment to verify the city's inventory
of potential soft story buildings. More than 1,300 building owners were
contacted, and so far, 90 percent have responded, the report said.

A formal soft story retrofit program is expected to be presented to the City
Council in early 2015, Salinas said, likely beginning as a two-year pilot
program before transitioning to an ongoing effort.

Right now, renters and owners share the cost of the improvements, with renters
paying up to 70 percent of the improvement costs over time. Although it varies
by apartment building, the cost of the retrofits is around $10,000 per unit,
Salinas said.

"It's not cheap. It's not like putting on a new coat of paint," Salinas said.
"But if you think about what it means, not only by saving lives, but what it
costs to repair the building. It's really expensive and you lose money while
you're doing that reconstruction. So, there's a financial incentive, in addition
to a humanitarian one."

The Rent Board is considering adjusting the terms of the seismic improvements,
including a longer amortization period of up to 20 years and allowing more than
70 percent of the cost to be passed along to tenants.

Salinas said they are looking at grant fund programs for buildings that house a
majority of low- and moderate-income residents so the cost of the improvements
don't end up pushing tenants out.

"One thing we're looking at is how we deal with cases where it is a hardship,"
Salinas said.

During the pilot, apartment owners can volunteer to participate in the program
while the city tests the efficacy of financial and non-financial incentives.
Non-financial incentives might include helping the owner with energy efficiency
upgrades or publicizing their efforts, Salinas said.

The pilot will target buildings with higher seismic risk first, along with
buildings that house low- and moderate-income residents, according to the memo.

The Housing and Community Development Department has set aside $1 million in
unallocated Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) funds for the retrofit
program. The ABAG has an additional $1.5 million loan fund available for
building owners in Alameda County to make the improvements.

"Part of what we'll be doing along the way is looking for additional sources of
financing," Salinas said, adding the state has freed up some energy efficiency
funds to be applied to seismic upgrades. "Financing will continue to be a big
focus to get the kind of participation we're looking for."

Operating costs for the program would be around $800,000 per year in permit fees
and engineering costs, not including salaries for two full-time staff members,
the report said.

The program is being developed with the help of the Seismic (Soft Story)
Retrofit Community Outreach Task Force, a coalition of tenant and landlord
representatives who have been meeting since May.

The city is holding a community forum to discuss the program Thursday, Oct. 30
from 5:30 - 7:30 p.m. in City Hall.

For a copy of the memo, visit:
http://www2.oaklandnet.com/oakca1/groups/cityadministrator/documents/report/oak0
49788.pdf

Open Oakland app of soft story buildings:
https://www.openoakland.org/projects/softstorybuildings/



Copyright © 2014 by Bay City News, Inc. Republication, re-transmission or reuse
without the express written consent of Bay City News, Inc. is prohibited.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             530 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           October 18, 2014 Saturday

Oakland: Report says 1,300 soft story apartments at risk of collapse in
earthquake

BYLINE: Bay City News Service

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Alameda; News; Local; Business

LENGTH: 977 words


OAKLAND - Twenty-two thousand rental units in Oakland are at risk of collapsing
in an earthquake, according to a memo released by the city to coincide with the
25th anniversary of the Loma Prieta earthquake Friday.

"Soft story" buildings make up 11 percent of occupied housing units in Oakland
and were the primary type of buildings to collapse in the Loma Prieta and
Northridge earthquakes, the report said. Some 1,300 housing units in
multi-family buildings in Oakland were lost or severely damaged in Loma Prieta,
according to the memo, and constituted a significant portion of the city's
affordable housing stock for seniors and minority residents.

Oakland chief resilience officer Victoria Salinas said the soft story buildings
are characterized by wood-frame construction and open space or parking on the
ground floor.

"That makes it particularly vulnerable to collapsing because there's not enough
structural support," Salinas said.

Out of all the city's housing stock, soft story apartment buildings are expected
to cause the most displacement of residents, she said, because they tend to
house more occupants and are a higher risk of building failure, necessitating
extensive renovations if damaged.

They also tend to be located in neighborhoods that are further from public
transportation and have higher proportions of people living in poverty or
earning moderate incomes, Salinas said.

"A lot of these apartment buildings are ones that are part of Oakland's
affordable housing stock, so it's housing that provides a place to live for
Oakland's most vulnerable families," Salinas said. "If these buildings go down,
it's highly likely they'll need massive amounts of renovation, and the residents
will be displaced for a long time."

According to the United States Geological Survey, the Hayward fault, which
bisects the city, has the highest likelihood of all Bay Area faults of a major
earthquake in the next 30 years.

The memo, released Thursday, details Oakland's efforts to develop a soft story
retrofit program similar to programs in Berkeley and San Francisco.

Oakland partnered with the Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG) to assess
the scope of a potential retrofit program beginning in 2008 with a survey of
1,400 multi-family buildings with five or more units. The initial assessment
identified 1,100 soft story apartment buildings with roughly 19,000 rental
units, according to the report.

In 2009, the City Council approved an ordinance requiring wood-frame property
owners to complete a short structural assessment to verify the city's inventory
of potential soft story buildings. More than 1,300 building owners were
contacted, and so far, 90 percent have responded, the report said.

A formal soft story retrofit program is expected to be presented to the City
Council in early 2015, Salinas said, likely beginning as a two-year pilot
program before transitioning to an ongoing effort.

Right now, renters and owners share the cost of the improvements, with renters
paying up to 70 percent of the improvement costs over time. Although it varies
by apartment building, the cost of the retrofits is around $10,000 per unit,
Salinas said.

"It's not cheap. It's not like putting on a new coat of paint," Salinas said.
"But if you think about what it means, not only by saving lives, but what it
costs to repair the building. It's really expensive and you lose money while
you're doing that reconstruction. So, there's a financial incentive, in addition
to a humanitarian one."

The Rent Board is considering adjusting the terms of the seismic improvements,
including a longer amortization period of up to 20 years and allowing more than
70 percent of the cost to be passed along to tenants.

Salinas said they are looking at grant fund programs for buildings that house a
majority of low- and moderate-income residents so the cost of the improvements
don't end up pushing tenants out.

"One thing we're looking at is how we deal with cases where it is a hardship,"
Salinas said.

During the pilot, apartment owners can volunteer to participate in the program
while the city tests the efficacy of financial and non-financial incentives.
Non-financial incentives might include helping the owner with energy efficiency
upgrades or publicizing their efforts, Salinas said.

The pilot will target buildings with higher seismic risk first, along with
buildings that house low- and moderate-income residents, according to the memo.

The Housing and Community Development Department has set aside $1 million in
unallocated Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) funds for the retrofit
program. The ABAG has an additional $1.5 million loan fund available for
building owners in Alameda County to make the improvements.

"Part of what we'll be doing along the way is looking for additional sources of
financing," Salinas said, adding the state has freed up some energy efficiency
funds to be applied to seismic upgrades. "Financing will continue to be a big
focus to get the kind of participation we're looking for."

Operating costs for the program would be around $800,000 per year in permit fees
and engineering costs, not including salaries for two full-time staff members,
the report said.

The program is being developed with the help of the Seismic (Soft Story)
Retrofit Community Outreach Task Force, a coalition of tenant and landlord
representatives who have been meeting since May.

The city is holding a community forum to discuss the program Thursday, Oct. 30
from 5:30 - 7:30 p.m. in City Hall.

For a copy of the memo, visit:
http://www2.oaklandnet.com/oakca1/groups/cityadministrator/documents/report/oak0
49788.pdf

Open Oakland app of soft story buildings:
https://www.openoakland.org/projects/softstorybuildings/



Copyright © 2014 by Bay City News, Inc. Republication, re-transmission or reuse
without the express written consent of Bay City News, Inc. is prohibited.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             531 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           October 18, 2014 Saturday

Oakland: Report says 1,300 soft story apartments at risk of collapse in
earthquake

BYLINE: Bay City News Service

SECTION: BREAKING; Real Estate; Residential real estate; News; Business

LENGTH: 978 words


OAKLAND - Twenty-two thousand rental units in Oakland are at risk of collapsing
in an earthquake, according to a memo released by the city to coincide with the
25th anniversary of the Loma Prieta earthquake Friday.

"Soft story" buildings make up 11 percent of occupied housing units in Oakland
and were the primary type of buildings to collapse in the Loma Prieta and
Northridge earthquakes, the report said. Some 1,300 housing units in
multi-family buildings in Oakland were lost or severely damaged in Loma Prieta,
according to the memo, and constituted a significant portion of the city's
affordable housing stock for seniors and minority residents.

Oakland chief resilience officer Victoria Salinas said the soft story buildings
are characterized by wood-frame construction and open space or parking on the
ground floor.

"That makes it particularly vulnerable to collapsing because there's not enough
structural support," Salinas said.

Out of all the city's housing stock, soft story apartment buildings are expected
to cause the most displacement of residents, she said, because they tend to
house more occupants and are a higher risk of building failure, necessitating
extensive renovations if damaged.

They also tend to be located in neighborhoods that are further from public
transportation and have higher proportions of people living in poverty or
earning moderate incomes, Salinas said.

"A lot of these apartment buildings are ones that are part of Oakland's
affordable housing stock, so it's housing that provides a place to live for
Oakland's most vulnerable families," Salinas said. "If these buildings go down,
it's highly likely they'll need massive amounts of renovation, and the residents
will be displaced for a long time."

According to the United States Geological Survey, the Hayward fault, which
bisects the city, has the highest likelihood of all Bay Area faults of a major
earthquake in the next 30 years.

The memo, released Thursday, details Oakland's efforts to develop a soft story
retrofit program similar to programs in Berkeley and San Francisco.

Oakland partnered with the Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG) to assess
the scope of a potential retrofit program beginning in 2008 with a survey of
1,400 multi-family buildings with five or more units. The initial assessment
identified 1,100 soft story apartment buildings with roughly 19,000 rental
units, according to the report.

In 2009, the City Council approved an ordinance requiring wood-frame property
owners to complete a short structural assessment to verify the city's inventory
of potential soft story buildings. More than 1,300 building owners were
contacted, and so far, 90 percent have responded, the report said.

A formal soft story retrofit program is expected to be presented to the City
Council in early 2015, Salinas said, likely beginning as a two-year pilot
program before transitioning to an ongoing effort.

Right now, renters and owners share the cost of the improvements, with renters
paying up to 70 percent of the improvement costs over time. Although it varies
by apartment building, the cost of the retrofits is around $10,000 per unit,
Salinas said.

"It's not cheap. It's not like putting on a new coat of paint," Salinas said.
"But if you think about what it means, not only by saving lives, but what it
costs to repair the building. It's really expensive and you lose money while
you're doing that reconstruction. So, there's a financial incentive, in addition
to a humanitarian one."

The Rent Board is considering adjusting the terms of the seismic improvements,
including a longer amortization period of up to 20 years and allowing more than
70 percent of the cost to be passed along to tenants.

Salinas said they are looking at grant fund programs for buildings that house a
majority of low- and moderate-income residents so the cost of the improvements
don't end up pushing tenants out.

"One thing we're looking at is how we deal with cases where it is a hardship,"
Salinas said.

During the pilot, apartment owners can volunteer to participate in the program
while the city tests the efficacy of financial and non-financial incentives.
Non-financial incentives might include helping the owner with energy efficiency
upgrades or publicizing their efforts, Salinas said.

The pilot will target buildings with higher seismic risk first, along with
buildings that house low- and moderate-income residents, according to the memo.

The Housing and Community Development Department has set aside $1 million in
unallocated Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) funds for the retrofit
program. The ABAG has an additional $1.5 million loan fund available for
building owners in Alameda County to make the improvements.

"Part of what we'll be doing along the way is looking for additional sources of
financing," Salinas said, adding the state has freed up some energy efficiency
funds to be applied to seismic upgrades. "Financing will continue to be a big
focus to get the kind of participation we're looking for."

Operating costs for the program would be around $800,000 per year in permit fees
and engineering costs, not including salaries for two full-time staff members,
the report said.

The program is being developed with the help of the Seismic (Soft Story)
Retrofit Community Outreach Task Force, a coalition of tenant and landlord
representatives who have been meeting since May.

The city is holding a community forum to discuss the program Thursday, Oct. 30
from 5:30 - 7:30 p.m. in City Hall.

For a copy of the memo, visit:
http://www2.oaklandnet.com/oakca1/groups/cityadministrator/documents/report/oak0
49788.pdf

Open Oakland app of soft story buildings:
https://www.openoakland.org/projects/softstorybuildings/



Copyright © 2014 by Bay City News, Inc. ... Republication, re-transmission or
reuse without the express written consent of Bay City News, Inc. is prohibited.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             532 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New York Observer

                              July 28, 2014 Monday

Affordable Multi-family Housing Faces Financial Hurdles in Doing Resiliency
Retrofits

BYLINE: kvelseyobserver

LENGTH: 752 words


Owners of affordable, mutli-family housing in the FEMA floodplain face financial
hurdles to complete storm-resistant retrofits.

Hurricane Sandy, Alphabet City. (Matthew Kraus, flickr)

As New York faces its second hurricane season since Sandy, thoughts turn to what
has been done in the two years since to better protect the city should another
major storm strike. Not nearly enough, experts agree, with an area of particular
concern being the storm-resistant retrofits required at affordable, mutli-family
developments located within the FEMA floodplain, according to a new report
released by the Furman Center for Urban Planning at NYU. Owners of such
buildings face the catch-22 situation of not being able to fund the costly
modifications needed to meet the requirements of the federal flood insurance
program, but not being able to pay the higher premiums should they fail to do
so.

Among the major difficulties facing the owners of multi-unit, affordable
buildings, the report notes, is that the official retrofitting requirements for
buildings within the 100-year FEMA floodplain are based on national standards
that assume residential buildings in need of retrofitting will be 1-4 unit,
detached structures rather than attached rowhouses or huge multi-unit housing
complexes that cannot be easily raised and in some cases, raised at all.
Additionally, one of the other major work-arounds-filling in the basement and
shifting the habitable space to the second floor-would mean the loss of a
significant number of housing units in buildings, which would have the
side-effect of displacing lower- and middle-income residents.

While 19,115 of the 29,829 buildings located within the city's floodzone are 1-4
unit structures, those buildings account for only 16.8 percent of housing units
within the floodzone,or 27,840 units, with 83.2 percent, or 137,879 units in the
floodzone being located within multi-family developments. Additionally, 84,136
of those units are affordable: Mitchell-Lama co-ops, rent-stabilized units,
NYCHA units, or units paid for with other rent subsidies.

Complicating matters is the fact that the income provided by rent-regulated
units is generally insufficient to pay for major retrofits, meaning that without
some kind of city, state or federal subsidy, those modifications may not be made
at all. And in the rare cases in which landlords are able to raise rents to pay
for alterations, the apartments may become unaffordable to their inhabitants.

"Over 1,500 buildings in the preliminary 100-year floodplain, with over 90,000
units, are public housing, subsidized housing, or rent stabilized housing. Many
more of them are unregulated buildings that house low- and moderate-income
households with limited ability to pay more in rent," the report states.

The median income for renters in the floodplain is just over $36,000, according
to the report, and 50 percent are already rent-burdened, meaning that they pay
more than 30 percent of their income in rent.

The need to retrofit buildings in a timely matter is not only pressing because
of the possibility that another storm will strike-and Sandy damage, while
significant, touched only a fraction of at-risk buildings in New York City's
floodzone, according to the Furman Center-but because building owners who fail
to meet the federal retrofitting requirements will be hit with much higher
insurance premiums as part of the Big Waters Law, enacted in 2012, that requires
the program to better reflect the actual cost of insuring those properties.
(Though President Obama passed a bill to soften the law's impact, essentially
phasing it in.)

The report recommends several changes to help the city preserve affordable
housing in the floodplain: most significantly, creating separate rules and
guidelines for dense, multi-family units in cities like New York-closer to the
much laxer rules for commercial buildings-that would permit cheaper,
less-disruptive modifications like accepting dry floodproofing as an alternative
to raising structures or filling in basements, as well as permitting the
continued use of basement space for auxiliary residential functions not
necessary to the building's operation: gyms, laundry rooms, staff offices, etc.
The city should also ensure funding for resilience measures and try create
policy changes that will enable buildings, even those outside the 100-year
floodzone, to access money for retrofits.

As the report warns, the dilemma facing "this critical, and large, building
stock faces is untenable."

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Observer, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             533 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  March 20, 1991, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

WELCOME HOUSING INITIATIVE FROM FANNIE MAE

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 326 words


The Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) hopes to pump $10 billion
into low- and moderate-income housing programs over four years. The plan would
make major strides in building more single-family and multi-family units for
people who now have too few housing options.  Fannie Mae wants to channel
two-thirds of the money into single-family housing and use the rest to build
more apartments. This program is useful in part because it could help counter
discriminatory lending practices that have restricted housing opportunities for
black buyers and renters.  But Fannie Mae notes that blacks are by no means the
only group that has been underserved. Urban areas have used tax incentives, for
example, to lure yuppies and are also making some effort to address the shortage
of decent housing for poor familes.  Not much is being done to address the
housing needs of average-income families in general who prefer urban living but
cannot afford the mortgage and rental rates. Fannie Mae says those in this group
include public employees - police officers, firefighters and teachers among them
- who it says are unable to find affordable housing close to their jobs. If
properly structured, this program could be a shot in the arm for urban
communities that are being killed by disinvestment. Fannie Mae is in a position
to encourage lenders and builders to take more risks by urging them to provide
more affordable housing in declining urban neighborhoods.  Production of housing
for the needy and for moderate-income families dropped sharply during the past
decade. Last year, Congress passed a housing bill in an effort to reverse that
decline. The program that Fannie Mae has just announced will supplement
Congress' effort to increase housing for the homeless, low-income renters,
first-time buyers, young families and the elderly. Fannie Mae's efforts to make
housing more affordable and accessible for these groups is welcome.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             534 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

Property Manager

LENGTH: 351  words

DATELINE: Arlington


National Defense Industrial Association has issued the following Job Vacancy:


Job Summary

Company
    Multifamily Management Services LLC
Location
    New York City, NY 10019
Industries
    Real Estate/[#x200b]Property Management
    Business Services - Other
    Construction - Residential & Commercial/[#x200b]Office
Job Type
    Full Time
    Employee
Years of Experience
    2+[#x200b] to 5 Years
Education Level
    Bachelor's Degree
Career Level
    Manager (Manager/[#x200b]Supervisor of Staff)
Job Reference Code
    MMSPM042014

Property Manager
About the Job

Industry-leading Affordable Property Management Company is looking to hire
experienced property management professionals to supervise the overall
operations of subsidized housing and tax credit multi-family, multi-site
communities in the New York Metropolitan Area, Rockland & Westchester
Counties.[#x200b]

Responsibilities:

·         Supervise and manage the work execution of property managers'
responsible for the day-to-day operations of various properties


·         Working knowledge of resident relations, rent collection, maintenance
oversight, staff management, client relations, subsidy voucher preparation,
income verification processing and routine compliance/[#x200b]regulatory agency
reporting.[#x200b]

Job Requirements

·         Seeking a committed individual with initiative and ability to lead a
team with efficient leadership and motivation; confident with an ability to work
with a positive approach under the most competitive and challenging conditions


·         Must have a minimum of 3 years experience in multi-site property
management (multi-family residences)


·         Must have experience in Section 8 voucher submission, tax credit and
OneSite software proficiency


·         Fee management, troubleshooting and supervision of at least 6
individuals


·         Ability to speak fluently both English and Spanish are all a plus

Compensation:

·        Competitive salary, commensurate with experience and abilities.[#x200b]
Respond with salary requirements


·         Inclusive benefits package

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             535 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                           January 14, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

City supports homeless count

BYLINE: Charelle Evelyn, The Citizen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 641 words


A homeless count on a national level reinforces the push for a national housing
strategy that municipal leaders have been long advocating for, according to the
chair of the city's committee on the issue.

Coun. Murry Krause said he was excited about the homelessness point-in-time
survey announced by the federal government in which Prince George will be
participating.

"We've had some pretty good efforts on the part of the province at putting some
affordable housing and second-stage housing and those things in our community.

"What's been absent is the federal government really having a concerted effort
or being part of the community and making this move forward," said Krause, who
sits on the executive of the Union of B.C. Municipalities and chairs the city's
homelessness and affordable housing committee.

"What we're talking about, probably on every front, is a national housing
strategy, a national anti-poverty strategy - all of those things need to be
happening hand in hand. No one thing should operate in isolation, of course."

According to a guide for the count prepared by Employment and Social Development
Canada, pulling together the disparate surveys already conducted across the
country can help create a national picture of homelessness.

Currently the government relies on the best estimates from the National Shelter
Study, which is based on emergency shelter use statistics, the guide said.

"With the increased implementation of Housing First programs and of community
plans to reduce or end homelessness, there is a need to create a national
picture," it said.

The City of Prince George has also adopted a housing-first policy, with city
council recently approving a bylaw that provides incentives for multi-family
housing construction.

There are also discussions starting about introducing a standards of maintenance
bylaw that would set minimum criteria for landlords with rental accommodations
to meet.

Representatives from the fire department and city bylaw, planning and building
inspection departments - who have already expressed concerns about implementing
the legislation - will be invited to an upcoming homelessness and affordable
housing committee meeting so members can hear firsthand about their issues with
the proposed bylaw.

"One of my favourite sayings from (former mayor) Colin Kinsley years ago was
'let's not pass feel-good legislation, let's make sure we're passing legislation
that's going to work,'" said Krause. "So it really is around knowing what it
means for those people who would have to go out there on a daily basis and try
and make sure this bylaw would be effective."

Homeless counts have been carried out locally before, but this one will involve
national resources and standard questions that will help communities compare.

Homelessness counts are more than simply tallying up the homeless population,
said Kerry Pateman, co-ordinator of Community Partners Addressing Homelessness.
The last count in Prince George took place in 2010 and it's beneficial to get
national support, Pateman said.

In addition to enumerating those who stay in shelters or other non-residential
locales, volunteers administering the survey also take stock of the demographics
of participants - whether they are veterans, have aboriginal ancestry, were in
provincial care, etc. There is also an opportunity to learn how they ended up
homeless in the first place.

The results can then be compared nationally.

"I think what we can do is look at a community and if they have a smaller number
of a certain age group or coming out of care, then we can look at what they are
doing to address that issue that maybe is working better than what we're doing,"
Pateman said.

Participating communities need to have completed their local surveys by the end
of April. Pateman said the Prince George count will likely be carried out in
early April.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                             536 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            August 11, 2015 Tuesday

Here's what you'd do first to help an older Mainer

BYLINE: Erin Rhoda BDN Staff

LENGTH: 762 words


After six months of reporting on promising efforts to improve the quality of
life of olderÂ Mainers, we asked you to rate six potential solutions.Â Here are
the results.


1. Communities organize to help elders age in place


Average score out of a total of 5: 4.62


Total votes: 92


Find the activity that's easiest for your community to do to help older adults,
and do it. Whether it's starting a volunteer transportation program with a
church, having a community lunch once a week, or holding a regular talk with
seniors about what it's like to age, just do something.


The act of getting people together and working toward an achievable goal will
only help you if you end up pursuing a village program like At Home Downeast on
the Blue Hill Peninsula where volunteers help paying elder members with basic
assistance -- such as rides to appointments, check-ins from a nurse, and weekly
grocery and prescription delivery -- to remain safe at home.


Research on villages in other states has shown increases in self-reported health
improvements and social engagement, increased knowledge of local resources, and
decreased hospitalization rates.


2. Health systems, local people and Congress improve end-of-life planning,
education and care


Average score out of a total of 5: 4.43


Total votes: 96


Doctors' offices and health care systems should have a strategy for guiding
patients through the end-of-life planning process.


In addition, physicians should receive more education about hospice and
palliative care. They must learn to listen to their concerns and goals -- and
follow through and honor patient wishes.


And end-of-life planning should be covered by Medicare, the country's health
insurance program for those over 65. Medicare should also reimburse for hospice
services provided via audio-video technology.


Local people can help hospice programs by serving on committees, doing office
work or collaborating on fundraising projects, or they can help patients one on
one.


Â


3. Towns fix zoning that blocks senior housing; research continues on housing
needs


Average score out of a total of 5: 4.4


Total votes: 94


Each town or city should examine how itsÂ local zoning ordinances affect the
construction of senior-friendly housing or the modification of existing homes.
It can research how to amend local rules to allow home sharing or multi-family
living arrangements that permit older Mainers to stay at home longer.


In addition, an entity with a significant reach, most likely the Maine State
Housing Authority, should set a roadmap for the state's senior housing needs.
How much more subsidized housing for seniors will be required over the next few
decades, and where should it be built -- taking into consideration nearby health
care services and amenities? How many more rental vouchers should be targeted to
seniors, given the current and projected need?


Â


4. More police departments and medical offices offer check-in programs


Average score out of a total of 5: 4.25


Total votes: 88


Every person who needs access to a check-in program -- whereÂ older participants
call dispatchersÂ (most often) to let them know they're all right -- should have
one.


Regardless of whether the programs are run by police departments, medical
offices or community organizations, they should share information about what
ends up working best, such as whether more seniors participate when they call
one another rather than dispatchers.


Â


5. Staff at all financial institutions get trained to spot potential
exploitation


Average score out of a total of 5: 4.21


Total votes: 89


Congress should pass a bill requiring all pertinent staff at financial
institutions to be trained to identify and respond to potential fraud. Bank and
credit union tellers are in prime positions to spot financial exploitation and
should know what to look for and how to help.


Â


6. Businesses take initiative to update their approach


Average score out of a total of 5: 3.83


Total votes: 92


Every company should review how its practices affect workers of any age,
including older workers, and determine how best to update them. Is it possible
to offer flexible work schedules to better help employees who care for family
members? How can your business extend employees' training? Does your business
have a plan for its workforce, and know when key workers will likely retire and
who will fill their roles?


If your business wants to offer educational sessions, such as elder-care
seminars, but doesn't have enough older employees to make it feasible, consider
working with other businesses in your area to make it happen.


[bdnvideo id=Â 1860119]

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                             537 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            August 11, 2015 Tuesday

Here's what you'd do first to help an older Mainer

BYLINE: Erin Rhoda BDN Staff

LENGTH: 762 words


After six months of reporting on promising efforts to improve the quality of
life of olderÂ Mainers, we asked you to rate six potential solutions.Â Here are
the results.


1. Communities organize to help elders age in place


Average score out of a total of 5: 4.62


Total votes: 92


Find the activity that's easiest for your community to do to help older adults,
and do it. Whether it's starting a volunteer transportation program with a
church, having a community lunch once a week, or holding a regular talk with
seniors about what it's like to age, just do something.


The act of getting people together and working toward an achievable goal will
only help you if you end up pursuing a village program like At Home Downeast on
the Blue Hill Peninsula where volunteers help paying elder members with basic
assistance -- such as rides to appointments, check-ins from a nurse, and weekly
grocery and prescription delivery -- to remain safe at home.


Research on villages in other states has shown increases in self-reported health
improvements and social engagement, increased knowledge of local resources, and
decreased hospitalization rates.


2. Health systems, local people and Congress improve end-of-life planning,
education and care


Average score out of a total of 5: 4.43


Total votes: 96


Doctors' offices and health care systems should have a strategy for guiding
patients through the end-of-life planning process.


In addition, physicians should receive more education about hospice and
palliative care. They must learn to listen to their concerns and goals -- and
follow through and honor patient wishes.


And end-of-life planning should be covered by Medicare, the country's health
insurance program for those over 65. Medicare should also reimburse for hospice
services provided via audio-video technology.


Local people can help hospice programs by serving on committees, doing office
work or collaborating on fundraising projects, or they can help patients one on
one.


Â


3. Towns fix zoning that blocks senior housing; research continues on housing
needs


Average score out of a total of 5: 4.4


Total votes: 94


Each town or city should examine how itsÂ local zoning ordinances affect the
construction of senior-friendly housing or the modification of existing homes.
It can research how to amend local rules to allow home sharing or multi-family
living arrangements that permit older Mainers to stay at home longer.


In addition, an entity with a significant reach, most likely the Maine State
Housing Authority, should set a roadmap for the state's senior housing needs.
How much more subsidized housing for seniors will be required over the next few
decades, and where should it be built -- taking into consideration nearby health
care services and amenities? How many more rental vouchers should be targeted to
seniors, given the current and projected need?


Â


4. More police departments and medical offices offer check-in programs


Average score out of a total of 5: 4.25


Total votes: 88


Every person who needs access to a check-in program -- whereÂ older participants
call dispatchersÂ (most often) to let them know they're all right -- should have
one.


Regardless of whether the programs are run by police departments, medical
offices or community organizations, they should share information about what
ends up working best, such as whether more seniors participate when they call
one another rather than dispatchers.


Â


5. Staff at all financial institutions get trained to spot potential
exploitation


Average score out of a total of 5: 4.21


Total votes: 89


Congress should pass a bill requiring all pertinent staff at financial
institutions to be trained to identify and respond to potential fraud. Bank and
credit union tellers are in prime positions to spot financial exploitation and
should know what to look for and how to help.


Â


6. Businesses take initiative to update their approach


Average score out of a total of 5: 3.83


Total votes: 92


Every company should review how its practices affect workers of any age,
including older workers, and determine how best to update them. Is it possible
to offer flexible work schedules to better help employees who care for family
members? How can your business extend employees' training? Does your business
have a plan for its workforce, and know when key workers will likely retire and
who will fill their roles?


If your business wants to offer educational sessions, such as elder-care
seminars, but doesn't have enough older employees to make it feasible, consider
working with other businesses in your area to make it happen.


[bdnvideo id=Â 1860119]

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                             538 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            August 11, 2015 Tuesday

Here's what you'd do first to help an older Mainer

BYLINE: Erin Rhoda BDN Staff

LENGTH: 762 words


After six months of reporting on promising efforts to improve the quality of
life of olderÂ Mainers, we asked you to rate six potential solutions.Â Here are
the results.


1. Communities organize to help elders age in place


Average score out of a total of 5: 4.62


Total votes: 92


Find the activity that's easiest for your community to do to help older adults,
and do it. Whether it's starting a volunteer transportation program with a
church, having a community lunch once a week, or holding a regular talk with
seniors about what it's like to age, just do something.


The act of getting people together and working toward an achievable goal will
only help you if you end up pursuing a village program like At Home Downeast on
the Blue Hill Peninsula where volunteers help paying elder members with basic
assistance -- such as rides to appointments, check-ins from a nurse, and weekly
grocery and prescription delivery -- to remain safe at home.


Research on villages in other states has shown increases in self-reported health
improvements and social engagement, increased knowledge of local resources, and
decreased hospitalization rates.


2. Health systems, local people and Congress improve end-of-life planning,
education and care


Average score out of a total of 5: 4.43


Total votes: 96


Doctors' offices and health care systems should have a strategy for guiding
patients through the end-of-life planning process.


In addition, physicians should receive more education about hospice and
palliative care. They must learn to listen to their concerns and goals -- and
follow through and honor patient wishes.


And end-of-life planning should be covered by Medicare, the country's health
insurance program for those over 65. Medicare should also reimburse for hospice
services provided via audio-video technology.


Local people can help hospice programs by serving on committees, doing office
work or collaborating on fundraising projects, or they can help patients one on
one.


Â


3. Towns fix zoning that blocks senior housing; research continues on housing
needs


Average score out of a total of 5: 4.4


Total votes: 94


Each town or city should examine how itsÂ local zoning ordinances affect the
construction of senior-friendly housing or the modification of existing homes.
It can research how to amend local rules to allow home sharing or multi-family
living arrangements that permit older Mainers to stay at home longer.


In addition, an entity with a significant reach, most likely the Maine State
Housing Authority, should set a roadmap for the state's senior housing needs.
How much more subsidized housing for seniors will be required over the next few
decades, and where should it be built -- taking into consideration nearby health
care services and amenities? How many more rental vouchers should be targeted to
seniors, given the current and projected need?


Â


4. More police departments and medical offices offer check-in programs


Average score out of a total of 5: 4.25


Total votes: 88


Every person who needs access to a check-in program -- whereÂ older participants
call dispatchersÂ (most often) to let them know they're all right -- should have
one.


Regardless of whether the programs are run by police departments, medical
offices or community organizations, they should share information about what
ends up working best, such as whether more seniors participate when they call
one another rather than dispatchers.


Â


5. Staff at all financial institutions get trained to spot potential
exploitation


Average score out of a total of 5: 4.21


Total votes: 89


Congress should pass a bill requiring all pertinent staff at financial
institutions to be trained to identify and respond to potential fraud. Bank and
credit union tellers are in prime positions to spot financial exploitation and
should know what to look for and how to help.


Â


6. Businesses take initiative to update their approach


Average score out of a total of 5: 3.83


Total votes: 92


Every company should review how its practices affect workers of any age,
including older workers, and determine how best to update them. Is it possible
to offer flexible work schedules to better help employees who care for family
members? How can your business extend employees' training? Does your business
have a plan for its workforce, and know when key workers will likely retire and
who will fill their roles?


If your business wants to offer educational sessions, such as elder-care
seminars, but doesn't have enough older employees to make it feasible, consider
working with other businesses in your area to make it happen.


[bdnvideo id=Â 1860119]

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                             539 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            August 11, 2015 Tuesday

Here's what you'd do first to help an older Mainer

BYLINE: Erin Rhoda BDN Staff

LENGTH: 762 words


After six months of reporting on promising efforts to improve the quality of
life of olderÂ Mainers, we asked you to rate six potential solutions.Â Here are
the results.


1. Communities organize to help elders age in place


Average score out of a total of 5: 4.62


Total votes: 92


Find the activity that's easiest for your community to do to help older adults,
and do it. Whether it's starting a volunteer transportation program with a
church, having a community lunch once a week, or holding a regular talk with
seniors about what it's like to age, just do something.


The act of getting people together and working toward an achievable goal will
only help you if you end up pursuing a village program like At Home Downeast on
the Blue Hill Peninsula where volunteers help paying elder members with basic
assistance -- such as rides to appointments, check-ins from a nurse, and weekly
grocery and prescription delivery -- to remain safe at home.


Research on villages in other states has shown increases in self-reported health
improvements and social engagement, increased knowledge of local resources, and
decreased hospitalization rates.


2. Health systems, local people and Congress improve end-of-life planning,
education and care


Average score out of a total of 5: 4.43


Total votes: 96


Doctors' offices and health care systems should have a strategy for guiding
patients through the end-of-life planning process.


In addition, physicians should receive more education about hospice and
palliative care. They must learn to listen to their concerns and goals -- and
follow through and honor patient wishes.


And end-of-life planning should be covered by Medicare, the country's health
insurance program for those over 65. Medicare should also reimburse for hospice
services provided via audio-video technology.


Local people can help hospice programs by serving on committees, doing office
work or collaborating on fundraising projects, or they can help patients one on
one.


Â


3. Towns fix zoning that blocks senior housing; research continues on housing
needs


Average score out of a total of 5: 4.4


Total votes: 94


Each town or city should examine how itsÂ local zoning ordinances affect the
construction of senior-friendly housing or the modification of existing homes.
It can research how to amend local rules to allow home sharing or multi-family
living arrangements that permit older Mainers to stay at home longer.


In addition, an entity with a significant reach, most likely the Maine State
Housing Authority, should set a roadmap for the state's senior housing needs.
How much more subsidized housing for seniors will be required over the next few
decades, and where should it be built -- taking into consideration nearby health
care services and amenities? How many more rental vouchers should be targeted to
seniors, given the current and projected need?


Â


4. More police departments and medical offices offer check-in programs


Average score out of a total of 5: 4.25


Total votes: 88


Every person who needs access to a check-in program -- whereÂ older participants
call dispatchersÂ (most often) to let them know they're all right -- should have
one.


Regardless of whether the programs are run by police departments, medical
offices or community organizations, they should share information about what
ends up working best, such as whether more seniors participate when they call
one another rather than dispatchers.


Â


5. Staff at all financial institutions get trained to spot potential
exploitation


Average score out of a total of 5: 4.21


Total votes: 89


Congress should pass a bill requiring all pertinent staff at financial
institutions to be trained to identify and respond to potential fraud. Bank and
credit union tellers are in prime positions to spot financial exploitation and
should know what to look for and how to help.


Â


6. Businesses take initiative to update their approach


Average score out of a total of 5: 3.83


Total votes: 92


Every company should review how its practices affect workers of any age,
including older workers, and determine how best to update them. Is it possible
to offer flexible work schedules to better help employees who care for family
members? How can your business extend employees' training? Does your business
have a plan for its workforce, and know when key workers will likely retire and
who will fill their roles?


If your business wants to offer educational sessions, such as elder-care
seminars, but doesn't have enough older employees to make it feasible, consider
working with other businesses in your area to make it happen.


[bdnvideo id=Â 1860119]

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                             540 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            November 21, 2014 Friday
                            PITTSBURGH PRESS EDITION

NEW HOMES TAKING SHAPE IN LARIMER

BYLINE: Clarece Polke, The Pittsburgh Press

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 472 words


Frames of dozens of homes line several blocks near Larimer Avenue and Meadow
Street.

Some already have roofs. A house on Carver Street has windows installed. Others
remain wooden shells awaiting a covering.

It's little more than a month after the construction project began and the
scattered frames are well on their way to becoming a completed housing
development.

The homes, financed in part by a low-income housing tax credit award from the
Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency, are part of an extensive plan to revitalize
Larimer and attract more residents to the community.

The 40 multi-family rental units are expected to be ready for occupancy as early
as next year, Malik Bankston, executive director of the Kingsley Association,
said. Most of the buildings will be townhouses with one structure holding
several apartments.

"Everybody's excited about the units that are coming up now, but don't
understand the years of planning it took to make it happen," he said.

The application process began in 2011 and the project finally won a tax credit
award in 2013. Housing choice vouchers will be accepted in more than a dozen of
the units, while the remainder will serve as affordable housing for interested
candidates

The buildings lie adjacent to the site of a planned 85 mixed-income housing
units and a mixed-used development expected to break ground in the spring. The
Choice Neighborhoods program of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development will help fund the project with a $30 million grant.

Both projects are part of a comprehensive, multi-million dollar community vision
for the area, developed in a series of sessions seeking public input and advice.
Spearheaded by the Larimer Consensus Group, the community is looking to attract
renters and interested home buyers of varying income levels. The first priority,
however, is improving housing options for Larimer residents currently living in
older city housing developments or dilapidated homes, Mr. Bankston said.

The new homes are near the former site of the razed Auburn Terrace public
housing high-rise.

"There's an emphasis on providing quality housing options for people who are
living in the Larimer area," Mr. Bankston said. "We want this to become
Pittsburgh's greatest neighborhood ... a place where a low-income household or
family can buy a home should they choose."

Donna Jackson, secretary and treasurer of the Larimer Consensus Group, said she
sees the current and pending construction projects as the dawn of continued
housing expansion and improvement in the community riddled with more vacant land
than homes.

"It's now the community's belief that this is really happening," Ms. Jackson
said. "Larimer has been neglected for many years, so this has been a plus ...
Our concern is the Larimer community as a whole for clear, green, sustainable
growth."

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Pam Panchak/The Pittsburgh Press: Construction crew members work
on new houses near Larimer Avenue and Meadow Street.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             541 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New York Observer

                              July 28, 2014 Monday

Storm-Readiness Retrofits Pose Financial Hurdles for Multi-family Affordable
Housing

BYLINE: kvelseyobserver

LENGTH: 752 words


Owners of affordable, mutli-family housing in the FEMA floodplain face financial
hurdles to complete storm-resistant retrofits.

Hurricane Sandy, Alphabet City. (Matthew Kraus, flickr)

As New York faces its second hurricane season since Sandy, thoughts turn to what
has been done in the two years since to better protect the city should another
major storm strike. Not nearly enough, experts agree, with an area of particular
concern being the storm-resistant retrofits required at affordable, mutli-family
developments located within the FEMA floodplain, according to a new report
released by the Furman Center for Urban Planning at NYU. Owners of such
buildings face the catch-22 situation of not being able to fund the costly
modifications needed to meet the requirements of the federal flood insurance
program, but not being able to pay the higher premiums should they fail to do
so.

Among the major difficulties facing the owners of multi-unit, affordable
buildings, the report notes, is that the official retrofitting requirements for
buildings within the 100-year FEMA floodplain are based on national standards
that assume residential buildings in need of retrofitting will be 1-4 unit,
detached structures rather than attached rowhouses or huge multi-unit housing
complexes that cannot be easily raised and in some cases, raised at all.
Additionally, one of the other major work-arounds-filling in the basement and
shifting the habitable space to the second floor-would mean the loss of a
significant number of housing units in buildings, which would have the
side-effect of displacing lower- and middle-income residents.

While 19,115 of the 29,829 buildings located within the city's floodzone are 1-4
unit structures, those buildings account for only 16.8 percent of housing units
within the floodzone,or 27,840 units, with 83.2 percent, or 137,879 units in the
floodzone being located within multi-family developments. Additionally, 84,136
of those units are affordable: Mitchell-Lama co-ops, rent-stabilized units,
NYCHA units, or units paid for with other rent subsidies.

Complicating matters is the fact that the income provided by rent-regulated
units is generally insufficient to pay for major retrofits, meaning that without
some kind of city, state or federal subsidy, those modifications may not be made
at all. And in the rare cases in which landlords are able to raise rents to pay
for alterations, the apartments may become unaffordable to their inhabitants.

"Over 1,500 buildings in the preliminary 100-year floodplain, with over 90,000
units, are public housing, subsidized housing, or rent stabilized housing. Many
more of them are unregulated buildings that house low- and moderate-income
households with limited ability to pay more in rent," the report states.

The median income for renters in the floodplain is just over $36,000, according
to the report, and 50 percent are already rent-burdened, meaning that they pay
more than 30 percent of their income in rent.

The need to retrofit buildings in a timely matter is not only pressing because
of the possibility that another storm will strike-and Sandy damage, while
significant, touched only a fraction of at-risk buildings in New York City's
floodzone, according to the Furman Center-but because building owners who fail
to meet the federal retrofitting requirements will be hit with much higher
insurance premiums as part of the Big Waters Law, enacted in 2012, that requires
the program to better reflect the actual cost of insuring those properties.
(Though President Obama passed a bill to soften the law's impact, essentially
phasing it in.)

The report recommends several changes to help the city preserve affordable
housing in the floodplain: most significantly, creating separate rules and
guidelines for dense, multi-family units in cities like New York-closer to the
much laxer rules for commercial buildings-that would permit cheaper,
less-disruptive modifications like accepting dry floodproofing as an alternative
to raising structures or filling in basements, as well as permitting the
continued use of basement space for auxiliary residential functions not
necessary to the building's operation: gyms, laundry rooms, staff offices, etc.
The city should also ensure funding for resilience measures and try create
policy changes that will enable buildings, even those outside the 100-year
floodzone, to access money for retrofits.

As the report warns, the dilemma facing "this critical, and large, building
stock faces is untenable."

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Observer, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             542 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             October 4, 2010 Monday

NAMI Thanks Senate Banking Committee for Moving Legislation to Expand Access to
Affordable Housing for People with Mental Illness

LENGTH: 372  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Oct. 04 -- The National Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI) is praising
the U.S. Senate Banking Committee for its unanimous approval of S.1481, the
Frank Melville Supportive Housing Investment Act .

"This important legislation will reform and modernize the U.S. Department of
Housing and Urban Development (HUD) Section 811 program to promote access to
supportive housing for individuals living with mental illness and other
disabilities," said NAMI Executive Director Michael Fitzpatrick.

"NAMI is extremely grateful for the bipartisan leadership of Senators Bob
Menendez (NJ) and Mike Johanns (NE) in sponsoring the bill and to Banking
Committee Christopher Dodd (CT) and Richard Shelby (AL) in moving it forward by
a unanimous vote on September 30."

S.1481 would make long overdue improvements to the Section 811 program:

* modernizing and simplifying the capital advance program for non-profit
sponsors,

* integrating supportive housing for people living with mental illness and other
disabilities into larger multi-family affordable rental housing developments,

* protecting an existing tenant-based program targeted to people with
disabilities, and

* creating an innovative demonstration program to allow states to leverage
additional capital funds for the creation of new units of supportive housing.

S.1481 is named in honor of the late Frank Melville, a member of NAMI
Connecticut member and a national leader in the movement to promote supportive
housing and end chronic homelessness experienced by persons with mental illness.

The U.S. House of Representatives passed a version of the bill (HR 1675) in July
2009 by a vote of 376-51.

NAMI will be working to have a final version reach the President's desk in the
coming post-election congressional session.

About NAMI

NAMI is the nation's largest grassroots mental health organization dedicated to
improving the lives of individuals and families affected by mental illness. NAMI
has over 1100 state and local affiliates that engage in research, education,
support and advocacy Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right
Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             543 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             October 3, 2010 Sunday

NAMI Thanks Senate Banking Committee for Moving Legislation to Expand Access to
Affordable Housing for People with Mental Illness

LENGTH: 372  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Oct. 03 -- The National Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI) is praising
the U.S. Senate Banking Committee for its unanimous approval of S.1481, the
Frank Melville Supportive Housing Investment Act .

"This important legislation will reform and modernize the U.S. Department of
Housing and Urban Development (HUD) Section 811 program to promote access to
supportive housing for individuals living with mental illness and other
disabilities," said NAMI Executive Director Michael Fitzpatrick.

"NAMI is extremely grateful for the bipartisan leadership of Senators Bob
Menendez (NJ) and Mike Johanns (NE) in sponsoring the bill and to Banking
Committee Christopher Dodd (CT) and Richard Shelby (AL) in moving it forward by
a unanimous vote on September 30."

S.1481 would make long overdue improvements to the Section 811 program:

* modernizing and simplifying the capital advance program for non-profit
sponsors,

* integrating supportive housing for people living with mental illness and other
disabilities into larger multi-family affordable rental housing developments,

* protecting an existing tenant-based program targeted to people with
disabilities, and

* creating an innovative demonstration program to allow states to leverage
additional capital funds for the creation of new units of supportive housing.

S.1481 is named in honor of the late Frank Melville, a member of NAMI
Connecticut member and a national leader in the movement to promote supportive
housing and end chronic homelessness experienced by persons with mental illness.

The U.S. House of Representatives passed a version of the bill (HR 1675) in July
2009 by a vote of 376-51.

NAMI will be working to have a final version reach the President's desk in the
coming post-election congressional session.

About NAMI

NAMI is the nation's largest grassroots mental health organization dedicated to
improving the lives of individuals and families affected by mental illness. NAMI
has over 1100 state and local affiliates that engage in research, education,
support and advocacy. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak
Banker. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             544 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                      May 25, 1998, Monday, EARLY EDITION

Report urges low-cost housing construction

BYLINE: RON COLLINS, CALGARY HERALD

SECTION: CITY; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 534 words


The city must take immediate steps to encourage more low- cost housing
development in Calgary, a report says.

"It's important for the city to act quickly, both to address the critical needs
and to capitalize on interest and commitment of potential partners," says the
report from city commissioners, which has not been released to the public.

The city's hot economy has attracted thousands of workers, but the rental
vacancy rate is less than one per cent, boosting Calgary's homeless ranks.

The city is poised is spend $ 1 million to find solutions for the working poor
and develop more affordable housing, the report says.

"Longer term solutions must be initiated, and this will require a major
commitment of city resources," the report says. The $ 1-million contribution
will "kick-start social housing ventures."

City officials hope the money will stimulate private-sector and government
participation to ease the housing crunch.

Ald. Joanne Kerr said Sunday that the money should be placed in an "incentive
pool for developers to come on side and build more affordable housing."

Kerr and Ald. Bob Hawkesworth will present a joint motion this week asking the
city administration to investigate mechanisms to create a continuing source of
funds for low-income housing development and to provide incentives to encourage
the private sector to build affordable rental housing.

Developers face a "lot of levies," she said.

The report recommends the city develop a 1998-1999 winter shelter plan to
identify new sites for the homeless.

Kerr said there are about 1,000 homeless in Calgary and 8,000 who are "at risk
of becoming homeless and require affordable rental housing. We know the numbers
we have now and we know they're not going to decrease."

The city's emergency shelters are full.

The report says the city should consider developing more units within the
subsidized York Hotel at Centre Street and 7th Avenue S.E. and use the
city-owned Little People's Day Care at 50th Street and 24th Avenue S.E. for
transitional housing.

Fred Schickedanz, chairman of the Calgary Home Builders Association's
multi-family council, predicted the city's plan will be well-received.

The private sector will come up with creative solutions if government red tape
is eased, he said.

An ad hoc committee, co-chaired by Hawkesworth and MLA Bonnie Laing, today will
release a community-action plan after two years of study.

"There are four key directions that we believe we need to be moving in,"
Hawkesworth said.

"We have to increase the supply of housing for people of low income; we have to
develop an umbrella system better co-ordinating all agencies and governments
that provide services.

"Thirdly, we need to target services for aboriginal people that are more
culturally appropriate. And finally, we need the entire community to get firmly
behind this plan."

This week is Homelessness Awareness Week.

As of April 1, there were 1,260 people on a waiting list for city social housing
units.

There are 800 downtown shelter spaces.

- The Issue: Low-cost housing.

- What's New: Report suggests immediate action to encourage low-cost housing
development.


LOAD-DATE: May 26, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1998 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             545 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Presidnt's Housing Panel Issues Report Favoring System Of Housing Voucher Grants

                            December 4, 1981, Friday

By Richard K. Helmbrecht


The President's Commission on Housing, established by executive order June 16,
1981, issued its Interim Report Oct. 30.

The 25-member Commission's mandate is to advise President Reagan and HUD
Secretary Samuel Pierce on options for the development of a national housing
policy and the role and objectives of the Federal Government concerning the
future of housing.

The Interim Report sets out basic principles and a housing policy framework to
serve as guides for the Commission's deliberations and decisions, and offers the
Commission's recommendation for "basic reform" of federally subsidized housing.

The latter was included in the Interim Report so the Commission's
recommendations could be weighed as part of the fiscal year 1983 budget.

The Commission formed four reporting committees -- Housing and the Economy,
Federal Housing Programs and Alternatives, Private Sector financing of Housing,
and Government Regulation and the Cost of Housing -- and established various
subcommittees and task forces under these headings.  I was a number of the
Federal Housing Programs and Alternatives Committee.

The central point to remember in considering the Commission's Report and
recommendations is that we are working within the framework of the President's
economic program and philosophy.  This is emphasized by the principles
formulated by the Commission, that is, the Commission believes the nation must.

* Achieve fiscal responsibility and monetary stability in the economy;

* Encourage free and deregulated markets:

* Rely on the private sector;

* Promote an enlightened ferderalism with minimal government intervention;

* Recognize a continuing role of government to address the housing shelter needs
of the poor;

* Direct programs toward people, rather than structures; and

* Allow maximum freedom of housing choice.

The Commission has accepted the premise that housing supply is now available and
adequate and that the significant problem is the issue of affordability.
Without what are considered to be ineffective housing credit and production
programs, and without excessive regulation and restrictions, the free market
would be able to provide housing at lower prices and thereby make housing more
widely available.  The percentage of housing considered inadequate has dropped
substantially and can be attributed to inadequate incomes on the part of the
poor rather than lack of available and acceptable housing stock.

Acknowledging that a good deal has been accomplished with federal programs
directed to new construction, substantial rehab, and preservation of existing
stock, federal resources have not been targeted effectively to those most in
need, the Commission believes.

The central focus, hen, is to develop a program to serve the greatest number of
people within a limited number of dollars, without committing the Federal
Government to long-term production of housing.  Insofar as this aim is achieved,
more traditional goals of housing programs will necessarily be deemphasized,
such as urban revitalization, economic integration, and stabilizing a cyclical
industry.

To meet its goal the Commission is recommending that the central federal program
to help low-income families achieve decent housing be a consumer oriented
housing assistance grant that would replace future commitments to build more
units under Section 8, Section 202, and public housing.

The Commission's expressed concerns about production-oriented programs center
around per unit subsidy costs and the long-term nature of the subsidy housing
needs." Production programs are, in general, the report states, an inefficient
way to meet the housing needs of poor people.

Briefly, the consumer assistance housing grant, or housing voucher system, would
provide a sum of money directly to individuals an would not be tied to a
particular housing unit.  In this way the affordability problem is addressed in
the most direct and efficient manner, more housholds can be served because the
subsidy is less than for newly built units, and tenant choice is increased, the
report states.

The recommendation of a voucher system relies heavily of what the report terms
"substantial positivr experience" with theconsumer-oriented assistance program
in the Existing Housing component of the Section 8 program and particularly on
the Experimental Housing Allowance Program.  EHAP was conducted in 12 cities
over a 10-year period to assess how a voucher type of program would operate and
what its effects would be on participants and local housing markets.

The Commission suggest that a voucher system should rely on the administrative
expertise that has already been acquired by state and local agencies.The
relationship of the voucher system to subsidized housing programs will be
studies in more detail as the Commission proceeds.

I feel that some progress has been made in expanding the Commission's awareness
of state housing finance agencies and in its willingness to consider supply and
production issues as deliberations proceed.  The Interim Report went through a
number of preliminary drafts and one can see steadily increasing recognition
that state HFAs are a housing resource to be counted on, that they are an
efficient mechanism to handle whatever production program finally evolves.

CSHA Executive Director Thomas White, representatives of state HFAs, public
housing commissions, tenants groups, and others brought well-documented
information to the Commission on housing production and the need for some supply
activity; the effectiveness of mortgage revenue bonds in financing housing; and
the experience and flexibility afforded by state agency programs.

Let me briefly review the Commission's deliberations on housing supply and on
mortgage revenue bonds.

While the Commission is recommending vouchers as the primary program for
addressing the shelter needs of the poor, it states that problems of adequacy
and availability also "merit national attention." More specifically, the
Commission said it is particularly concerned about local housing markets where
shortages may inhibit the effective working of a housing assistance grant
program.  These could include tight housing markets, where an increase in
housing stock may be needed before assistance recipients can find decent
housing; places where the stock of lower-priced housing may be physically
inadequate to a disproportionte extent, or places where owners are not willing
to upgrade substandard units to attract tenants who have vouchers.

The Commission's recommendations for increasing supply in such areas are that:

* New housing construction be added as an eligible activity for Community
Development Block Grants.  Additional funding that wuld enable localities to
support this activity "would be desirable when budget circumstances are
favorable," the report says.

* Owners of residential rental structures be allowed the same investment tax
credit for rehabilitation expenses as owners of nonresidential real estate, low
income rental housing, and certified historic structures.

* Private foundations, religious groups and other private institutions be
encouraged to continue their sponsorship and financing of innovative programs in
housing construction, rehabilitation, and access to homeownership.

Current regulations or laws that limit investments of pension funds insurance
companies, and other potential major sources of housing capital be eliminated.

In a more general way, in outlining what a new federal housing policy should
include, the Commission acknowledged the supply question by advocating "reliance
on the experience and flexibility of state and local agencies to finance and
produce housing, including both rehab and new construction; tax policies that
encourage housing supply and preservation; access for the private sector to the
capital markets to insure the availability of mortgage credit, and appropriate
secondary mortgage markets, and the encouragement of private initiatives and
programs."

The other major question is that of public financing of housing production.
Although the Commission has expressed a willigness to look at several options,
it has made no recommendation in the Interim Report.  Here again, the input from
CSHA and state agencies has, I believe, had an impact.

At one point there was a proposal to eliminate mortgage revenue bonds entirely
as an option for state agencies; at another point there were to be only two
proposals for further discussion: to continue tax exempt MRBS with appropriate
targeting and to withdraw tax exemption of all such bonds and provide direct and
unrestricted federal payments instead, in the form of a subsidy to make up the
difference between tax-exempt and taxable yields.

Now there is a third option that will be considered: To offer bond issuing
agencies their choice of either continuing tax-exempt status for their bonds or
switching to taxable bonds with a compensating direct unrestricted federal
payment to make up for the switch from tax-exempt to taxable status.

I think the Commission realizes there is no unanimity on this topic and that
options need to be presented for further study.  A task force has been
established to review the fiscal policy, market and regulatory implications of
the use of tax-exempt revenue bonds, whether for housing or other purposes.

I feel strongly that a case can be made for the continued use of MRBS for
housing, once we can clear away the thicket of assumptions and rhetoric that has
surrounded this financing mechanism and actually evaluate the presumed costs in
light of the actual benefits.

The Interim Report acknowledges "the three approaches all deserve consideration
as means to facilitate the continued provisions of adequate housing by state and
local governments."

The Final Report of the Commission, I am confident, will include a clear and
significant role for state HFA's.  Quoting from Interim Report: "... the past
decade has demonstrated the housing production and finance capability of state
and local governments.  There is now in existence both a network of marketing
channels for tax-exempt housing bonds and a corresponding set of institutional
arrangements for utilizing the bond proceeds in the production of multi-family
housing for low and moderate income households and the sale of single-family
homes.

This capability represents an important resource in the provision of housing,
particularly in those local situations in which additional housing supply is
desired to facilitate the effective working of the consumer-oriented housing
assistance grant.State and local governments, with their record of experience,
should be able to respond quickly to local supply problems..."

In addition to the question of MRBs, topics still to be addressed by the
Commission include homeownership, especially the problems of first-time
homebuyers; the role of federal credit programs; the rental housing market; use
of government-owned land for housing; role of urban homesteading; special
housing problems of minorities, the elderly, and those in rural areas; programs
to use and revitalize existing housing; future role of public housing; possible
recapture of Section 8 commitments, and the impact of federal tax policy on
housing.

To complete its work and prepare the Final Report, the Commission has revised
its orignial structure into the following four committees and related task
forces: Present Housing Issues (task force on funds for Housing); Economics
(task forces on Taxation, Restructuring Thrift Institutions, and Federal Credit
Programs); Housing Programs (task forces on Assisted Housing, Homeownership, and
Unassisted Rental Housing); Regulation (task force on Government Land and
Homesteading).

I am a member of the Housing Programs and Economics Committees and the task
force on Taxation, Assisted Housing, and Homeownership.

The next full Commission and committee meetings are scheduled in Washington,
D.C. on Jan. 7, 1982; Feb. 16, March 22 and 23, and April 19 and 20.  The final
Report of the Commission is to be submitted to the President by April 30, 1982.

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 2039 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Richard Helmbrecht

                      Copyright 1981 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             546 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                            August 19, 2008 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

City offers free Bridges land in trade for affordable units

BYLINE: Kim Guttormson, Calgary Herald

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 286  words


The city is offering a prime piece of inner-city land and cash in exchange for a
developer delivering at least 45 new affordable housing units.

As part of its approach to increase the pool of apartments with manageable
rents, the city has issued a request for proposals for a site in the northeast
section of The Bridges development.

"We believe it's a premier location and this provides us a unique opportunity to
leverage that," said James Robertson, the city's manager of land servicing and
housing, of the lot at

9th Street N.E. and Memorial Drive. "We're putting some money and land on the
table and maximizing the benefit to the community."

Developers will have until Sept. 24 to make their proposals for a project with
as many as 193 units, including how many of those will be given back to the
city.

Robertson said the bids have to include at least 45 affordable housing units,
but expects the successful proposal will promise more.

This is part of the second phase at The Bridges site, which is the former
location of the Calgary General Hospital in Bridgeland.

The first build-out included multi-family residential -- including 16 affordable
units -- as well as retail and commercial uses.

Ald. Joe Ceci, who represents the area, said exchanging land for affordable
units is just another way the city is trying to address the housing crisis.

"It's something that makes good sense, to diversify, try to find the most
cost-effective way of doing that," Ceci said. "It's a different approach to get
things going.

"I know we're always going to be in need for quality rental housing."

The city will host a meeting with interested builders for The Bridges project on
Sept. 3 to answer questions.

kguttormson@theherald.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2008 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             547 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            June 12, 2013 Wednesday

Our Opinion: This deal is all upside

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 417 words


A proposal from Central Berkshire Habitat for Humanity to take over the Westside
Neighborhood Resource Center building is a winning one for all parties involved.

On the city's part, Pittsfield will relieve itself of some $12,000 in expenses
annually, an amount the rents paid by nonprofit tenants at the center doesn't
cover.

Habitat for Humanity has agreed to maintain the building as a community center
rather than explore other uses. Therefore, the current tenant organizations
benefit by continuing to operate as they have, without worrying that rents will
rise suddenly to market levels or that a new owner will seek more profitable
uses for the building -- such as rental housing.

In seeking requests for proposals concerning the former multi-family house at
314 Columbus Ave., the city included a number of specifications to ensure
nonprofit tenants, including the Westside Neighborhood Resource Center Inc.,
organization, Berkshire Children and Families day care and Massachusetts Fair
Housing Center, could remain.

The local Habitat group was the only entity submitting a proposal for the
building.

Even before the City Council unanimously approved the transfer on Tuesday, it
was difficult to imagine that there were better financially feasible options out
there. Habitat for Humanity is perhaps unique in this context in having steady
funding sources and the staffing and expertise to ensure success as the center's
new owner.

"The center will stay a community-based organization," Mayor Daniel L. Bianchi
said earlier this month, "and the Westside Neighborhood Resource Center
[nonprofit organization] will have space. I think it will be a very good
situation."

The building, constructed circa 1900, contains about 2,000 square feet of floor
space and should allow for additional community programming. It was purchased by
the city as a vacant, four-family house in 1997. The property was rehabilitated
for office and community space with $178,000 in Community Development Block
Grant funding and now is assessed at $135,200.

Other than the desire to transfer the management expenses to a new owner, city
officials have said cuts in federal funding provided another reason to
reconsider the city's ownership. There was also the hope services to the
Westside community could expand during nights and weekends under non-municipal,
on-site ownership.

Habitat Executive Director Carolyn Valli told councilors Tuesday that an
expansion of services with an eye toward community needs is, in fact, the plan.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             548 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 17, 2016 Wednesday

Senate of Resolution No: 290

LENGTH: 348 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Harrisburg: The Senate of Pennsylvania has issued the following Senate
Resolution:



   SENATE RESOLUTION



 No.





 290





 Session of



 2015















 INTRODUCED BY TEPLITZ, DINNIMAN, FONTANA, SCHWANK, HUGHES, FARNESE AND
BREWSTER, FEBRUARY 10, 2016











 INTRODUCED AND ADOPTED, FEBRUARY 10, 2016















 A RESOLUTION







 1Designating February 23, 2016, as "Housing Awareness Day" in

 2Pennsylvania.





 3WHEREAS, The Commonwealth provides in excess of 200,000

 4subsidized, assisted or affordable rental dwelling units within

 5its boundaries, funded through Federal and State programs

 6including, but not limited to, public housing, multi-family,

 7Section 8 Housing Choice Voucher and others, with an additional

 843,000 affordable housing units that have been developed through

 9the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit Program; and



 10WHEREAS, There continues to be a demand for even more

 11affordable housing for low-income families, senior citizens,

 12veterans and individuals with physical and mental challenges;

 13and



 14WHEREAS, The provision of safe, secure, accessible and

 15affordable housing greatly impacts the lives of these

 16individuals; and



 17WHEREAS, Subsidized, assisted and affordable housing improves

 18the socioeconomic climate of this Commonwealth by benefiting not

 20150SR0290PN1563 -1-





 1only the residents, but also their neighbors, local businesses,

 2employers and their communities as a whole; and



 3WHEREAS, Creating awareness of the needs and the benefits of

 4housing assistance is essential to the growth and stability of

 5those who are served; and



 6WHEREAS, The Pennsylvania Association of Housing and

 7Redevelopment Agencies, in partnership with the Housing Alliance

 8of Pennsylvania, works closely with their members and industry

 9partners to build, develop, support and provide suitable housing

 10and related services; therefore be it



 11RESOLVED, That the Senate designate February 23, 2016, as

 12"Housing Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             549 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                December 29, 2004 Wednesday, RT. 9 EAST EDITION

Marlboro gets national attention for affordable housing incentive

BYLINE: Elaine Thompson; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 416 words

DATELINE: MARLBORO


The city's innovative affordable housing program has gotten some national
attention.

An article appeared this month in the Housing and Development Reporter, a trade
journal based in Washington, D.C., on Marlboro's Local Initiative Program. The
program is thought to be one of the first that seeks to make existing apartments
affordable for low- to moderate-income residents as opposed to creating new
rental units. Under the program, which will begin in January, owners of
multi-family homes will be paid at least $8,000 for each apartment they reserve
as affordable housing for 15 years. Tenants would pay no more than 30 percent of
their income for rent.

"I felt it was unique that the national press would pick up on it. It makes me
feel good we're doing something on the cutting edge," said City Planner Alfred
Lima, who also serves as director of the Community Development Authority. He was
interviewed for the Housing and Development Reporter story.

Joseph P. Poduska, a reporter with the Housing and Development Reporter for the
past 10 years, said the city's program is

intriguing. He said subscribers to the 30-year-old journal are primarily
developers, housing authorities and lawyers in the affordable housing field.

"I've never come across anything like it. It's very intriguing. I think it's
possibly something that could work," Mr. Poduska said in a telephone interview
yesterday. He read about the program in an article that appeared in the Telegram
& Gazette.

Mr. Lima said the state Department of Housing and Community Development recently
gave a thumbs-up to an outline of the program submitted by his office. He said
applications will be mailed to about 40 homeowners who indicated they would like
to participate in the program. The department is also considering using the
program as a model for other communities.

"If it works, DHCD may be willing to provide some publicity for the program and
encourage other communities to do the same program," Mr. Lima said. "This is
different. The charge of DHCD has always been to create new affordable units,
not to preserve existing ones."

Members of the Community Development Authority, whose chairman is Mayor Dennis
C. Hunt, will decide in January how much of some $300,000 in mitigation money
will be used for the program. Mitigation money comes from developers when they
build projects in the city.

Other incentives under the program include rehabilitation loans as well as a
reduction in property taxes.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2004 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                             550 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                            March 16, 2013 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Concert Properties won its first Georgie in 1993

SECTION: WESTCOAST HOMES; Pg. E11

LENGTH: 470 words


Concert Properties proudly accepted the coveted Platinum Georgie Award from the
Canadian Home Builders' Association of British Columbia (CHBA BC) at its awards
gala on Feb. 23. Concert joins just four other CHBA members honoured with the
distinction of winning 25 or more Georgie Awards.

Since 1989, Concert has completed developments in excess of $2 billion,
developed more than 9,800 rental and condominium homes, and built or acquired
more than 10.8 million square feet of income-producing properties.

Concert won its first Georgie in 1993 when 600 Drake was awarded Most
Creative/Innovative Builder in the Design/Development of Affordable Housing. 600
Drake introduced the whole concept of self-contained micro-suites to the
Vancouver market, creating an affordable housing alternative in the downtown
core.

In 1996, Concert's partnership with the City of Vancouver in the creation of
Collingwood Village Neighbourhood House won a Georgie for Excellence in
Cooperation by Municipal Government. Tropez at Arbutus Walk - site of the former
Carling's brewery - was awarded the 2002 Georgie for Best Residential
Development in BC.

Concert's StoneCliff project in West Vancouver took home three awards in 2004,
including Best Residential Development in BC. 2011 was another "multiple Georgie
year" for Tapestry at Wesbrook Village on the University of British Columbia
campus. Its honours included the coveted Sustainable and Innovative Community
Award.

Corporately, Concert has been the recipient of Best Home Builder in BC (2000,
2002), Customer Choice Geor-gie Award for an impressive four consecutive years
(2008, 2009, 2010, 2011), Highrise Home Builder of the Year (2008) and
Multi-Family Home Builder of the Year (2009).

With many new developments currently in the pipeline, Concert is particularly
excited about three large-scale, master-planned communities.

Revitalizing the North Shore waterfront, Harbourside in North Vancouver will be
an engaging, sustainable combination of high-quality office space, retail, hotel
and residential homes. Eighteen buildings are planned on this 12-acre site.

In Southeast False Creek, plans are in the works to create one of Vancouver's
last waterfront residential projects.

This site could bring 800 to 900 new homes to an already popular neighbourhood
that's next to the seawall, Science World and stations for two SkyTrain lines.

Located close to the newly-approved Evergreen Line station in Coquitlam,
Concert's redevelopment of a 8.26-acre site is a direct response to the City of
Coquitlam's Transit-Oriented Development Strategy to encourage higher-density,
transit-oriented commercial and residential projects.

With Concert's track record of creating award-winning developments, it's a safe
bet that these new developments will add to the company's already well-stocked
trophy wall.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / An artist's rendering of the Latitude condo tower by Concert
Properties.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2013 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             551 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 16, 2014 Saturday

Georgia: SITE MANAGER

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


Department of Labor, The State of Georgia has issued the following job
opportunities:

Job Location  Months of
Experience
Required  Years of
Education
Required  Salary  Job Type  Job Order
Number
Cordele, GA  12  12  $11.00 Per Hour  Permanent Part Time  GA8200665
Job Number GA8200665
Job Title  SITE MANAGER
Job Location  Cordele, GA
Minimum Skills  Twelve months experience in apartment leasing, property
management, or office management.


12 Month Experience
    12 Years Education
    Must Have Valid Class C Drivers License

Preferred Skills  Section 42 affordable housing experience preferred. Accounts
payable and marketing experience preferred.
Job Description  Site manager for a small multi-family apartment complex in
Cordele, GA. Permanent part time position with flexible hours and on-call
availability required. Receive and process applications (receiving paper copy
and placing information into iCAM); record applicant/traffic contact(recording
guests of the property into iCAM for future contacts or housing needs); complete
tenant certifications at move-in; process paperwork by obtaining all required
verifications during move-ins or re-certifications; complete unit inspections
quarterly or as needed; handle tenant complaints according to policy and
procedures; ensure maintenance/janitor work is accomplished; coordinate unit
turnover; process move-out paperwork including the inspection of the unit,
estimating damages and completing standard refund letters according to company
policy; maintain a waiting list and continues making community contacts even if
100% occupied; process, collect and maintain security deposits; collect and
enter rent into iCAM; process bank deposits per company policies and procedures;
follow-up on net receivable delinquencies; maintain resident files per
compliance issues; inspect the property daily for cleanliness and/or safety
hazards; daily enforcement of project rules and regulations while processing
non-compliance notices in a timely manner; market and show apartments to
prospective applicants; prepare and execute the lease and all addendums;
maintain regular office hours and be available to the community, tenants, and
vendors.
Salary  $11.00 Per Hour
Job Type  Permanent Part Time First Shift Job

For further information please visit: http://www.dol.state.ga.us/

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             552 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 15, 2014 Friday

Georgia: SITE MANAGER

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


Department of Labor, The State of Georgia has issued the following job
opportunities:

Job Location  Months of
Experience
Required  Years of
Education
Required  Salary  Job Type  Job Order
Number
Cordele, GA  12  12  $11.00 Per Hour  Permanent Part Time  GA8200665
Job Number GA8200665
Job Title  SITE MANAGER
Job Location  Cordele, GA
Minimum Skills  Twelve months experience in apartment leasing, property
management, or office management.


12 Month Experience
    12 Years Education
    Must Have Valid Class C Drivers License

Preferred Skills  Section 42 affordable housing experience preferred. Accounts
payable and marketing experience preferred.
Job Description  Site manager for a small multi-family apartment complex in
Cordele, GA. Permanent part time position with flexible hours and on-call
availability required. Receive and process applications (receiving paper copy
and placing information into iCAM); record applicant/traffic contact(recording
guests of the property into iCAM for future contacts or housing needs); complete
tenant certifications at move-in; process paperwork by obtaining all required
verifications during move-ins or re-certifications; complete unit inspections
quarterly or as needed; handle tenant complaints according to policy and
procedures; ensure maintenance/janitor work is accomplished; coordinate unit
turnover; process move-out paperwork including the inspection of the unit,
estimating damages and completing standard refund letters according to company
policy; maintain a waiting list and continues making community contacts even if
100% occupied; process, collect and maintain security deposits; collect and
enter rent into iCAM; process bank deposits per company policies and procedures;
follow-up on net receivable delinquencies; maintain resident files per
compliance issues; inspect the property daily for cleanliness and/or safety
hazards; daily enforcement of project rules and regulations while processing
non-compliance notices in a timely manner; market and show apartments to
prospective applicants; prepare and execute the lease and all addendums;
maintain regular office hours and be available to the community, tenants, and
vendors.
Salary  $11.00 Per Hour
Job Type  Permanent Part Time First Shift Job

For further information please visit: http://www.dol.state.ga.us/

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             553 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 14, 2014 Thursday

Georgia: SITE MANAGER

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


Department of Labor, The State of Georgia has issued the following job
opportunities:

Job Location  Months of
Experience
Required  Years of
Education
Required  Salary  Job Type  Job Order
Number
Cordele, GA  12  12  $11.00 Per Hour  Permanent Part Time  GA8200665
Job Number GA8200665
Job Title  SITE MANAGER
Job Location  Cordele, GA
Minimum Skills  Twelve months experience in apartment leasing, property
management, or office management.


12 Month Experience
    12 Years Education
    Must Have Valid Class C Drivers License

Preferred Skills  Section 42 affordable housing experience preferred. Accounts
payable and marketing experience preferred.
Job Description  Site manager for a small multi-family apartment complex in
Cordele, GA. Permanent part time position with flexible hours and on-call
availability required. Receive and process applications (receiving paper copy
and placing information into iCAM); record applicant/traffic contact(recording
guests of the property into iCAM for future contacts or housing needs); complete
tenant certifications at move-in; process paperwork by obtaining all required
verifications during move-ins or re-certifications; complete unit inspections
quarterly or as needed; handle tenant complaints according to policy and
procedures; ensure maintenance/janitor work is accomplished; coordinate unit
turnover; process move-out paperwork including the inspection of the unit,
estimating damages and completing standard refund letters according to company
policy; maintain a waiting list and continues making community contacts even if
100% occupied; process, collect and maintain security deposits; collect and
enter rent into iCAM; process bank deposits per company policies and procedures;
follow-up on net receivable delinquencies; maintain resident files per
compliance issues; inspect the property daily for cleanliness and/or safety
hazards; daily enforcement of project rules and regulations while processing
non-compliance notices in a timely manner; market and show apartments to
prospective applicants; prepare and execute the lease and all addendums;
maintain regular office hours and be available to the community, tenants, and
vendors.
Salary  $11.00 Per Hour
Job Type  Permanent Part Time First Shift Job

For further information please visit: http://www.dol.state.ga.us/

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             554 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 13, 2014 Wednesday

Georgia: SITE MANAGER

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


Department of Labor, The State of Georgia has issued the following job
opportunities:

Job Location  Months of
Experience
Required  Years of
Education
Required  Salary  Job Type  Job Order
Number
Cordele, GA  12  12  $11.00 Per Hour  Permanent Part Time  GA8200665
Job Number GA8200665
Job Title  SITE MANAGER
Job Location  Cordele, GA
Minimum Skills  Twelve months experience in apartment leasing, property
management, or office management.


12 Month Experience
    12 Years Education
    Must Have Valid Class C Drivers License

Preferred Skills  Section 42 affordable housing experience preferred. Accounts
payable and marketing experience preferred.
Job Description  Site manager for a small multi-family apartment complex in
Cordele, GA. Permanent part time position with flexible hours and on-call
availability required. Receive and process applications (receiving paper copy
and placing information into iCAM); record applicant/traffic contact(recording
guests of the property into iCAM for future contacts or housing needs); complete
tenant certifications at move-in; process paperwork by obtaining all required
verifications during move-ins or re-certifications; complete unit inspections
quarterly or as needed; handle tenant complaints according to policy and
procedures; ensure maintenance/janitor work is accomplished; coordinate unit
turnover; process move-out paperwork including the inspection of the unit,
estimating damages and completing standard refund letters according to company
policy; maintain a waiting list and continues making community contacts even if
100% occupied; process, collect and maintain security deposits; collect and
enter rent into iCAM; process bank deposits per company policies and procedures;
follow-up on net receivable delinquencies; maintain resident files per
compliance issues; inspect the property daily for cleanliness and/or safety
hazards; daily enforcement of project rules and regulations while processing
non-compliance notices in a timely manner; market and show apartments to
prospective applicants; prepare and execute the lease and all addendums;
maintain regular office hours and be available to the community, tenants, and
vendors.
Salary  $11.00 Per Hour
Job Type  Permanent Part Time First Shift Job

For further information please visit: http://www.dol.state.ga.us/

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             555 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 12, 2014 Tuesday

Georgia: SITE MANAGER

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


Department of Labor, The State of Georgia has issued the following job
opportunities:

Job Location  Months of
Experience
Required  Years of
Education
Required  Salary  Job Type  Job Order
Number
Cordele, GA  12  12  $11.00 Per Hour  Permanent Part Time  GA8200665
Job Number GA8200665
Job Title  SITE MANAGER
Job Location  Cordele, GA
Minimum Skills  Twelve months experience in apartment leasing, property
management, or office management.


12 Month Experience
    12 Years Education
    Must Have Valid Class C Drivers License

Preferred Skills  Section 42 affordable housing experience preferred. Accounts
payable and marketing experience preferred.
Job Description  Site manager for a small multi-family apartment complex in
Cordele, GA. Permanent part time position with flexible hours and on-call
availability required. Receive and process applications (receiving paper copy
and placing information into iCAM); record applicant/traffic contact(recording
guests of the property into iCAM for future contacts or housing needs); complete
tenant certifications at move-in; process paperwork by obtaining all required
verifications during move-ins or re-certifications; complete unit inspections
quarterly or as needed; handle tenant complaints according to policy and
procedures; ensure maintenance/janitor work is accomplished; coordinate unit
turnover; process move-out paperwork including the inspection of the unit,
estimating damages and completing standard refund letters according to company
policy; maintain a waiting list and continues making community contacts even if
100% occupied; process, collect and maintain security deposits; collect and
enter rent into iCAM; process bank deposits per company policies and procedures;
follow-up on net receivable delinquencies; maintain resident files per
compliance issues; inspect the property daily for cleanliness and/or safety
hazards; daily enforcement of project rules and regulations while processing
non-compliance notices in a timely manner; market and show apartments to
prospective applicants; prepare and execute the lease and all addendums;
maintain regular office hours and be available to the community, tenants, and
vendors.
Salary  $11.00 Per Hour
Job Type  Permanent Part Time First Shift Job

For further information please visit: http://www.dol.state.ga.us/

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             556 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 11, 2014 Monday

Georgia: SITE MANAGER

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


Department of Labor, The State of Georgia has issued the following job
opportunities:

Job Location  Months of
Experience
Required  Years of
Education
Required  Salary  Job Type  Job Order
Number
Cordele, GA  12  12  $11.00 Per Hour  Permanent Part Time  GA8200665
Job Number GA8200665
Job Title  SITE MANAGER
Job Location  Cordele, GA
Minimum Skills  Twelve months experience in apartment leasing, property
management, or office management.


12 Month Experience
    12 Years Education
    Must Have Valid Class C Drivers License

Preferred Skills  Section 42 affordable housing experience preferred. Accounts
payable and marketing experience preferred.
Job Description  Site manager for a small multi-family apartment complex in
Cordele, GA. Permanent part time position with flexible hours and on-call
availability required. Receive and process applications (receiving paper copy
and placing information into iCAM); record applicant/traffic contact(recording
guests of the property into iCAM for future contacts or housing needs); complete
tenant certifications at move-in; process paperwork by obtaining all required
verifications during move-ins or re-certifications; complete unit inspections
quarterly or as needed; handle tenant complaints according to policy and
procedures; ensure maintenance/janitor work is accomplished; coordinate unit
turnover; process move-out paperwork including the inspection of the unit,
estimating damages and completing standard refund letters according to company
policy; maintain a waiting list and continues making community contacts even if
100% occupied; process, collect and maintain security deposits; collect and
enter rent into iCAM; process bank deposits per company policies and procedures;
follow-up on net receivable delinquencies; maintain resident files per
compliance issues; inspect the property daily for cleanliness and/or safety
hazards; daily enforcement of project rules and regulations while processing
non-compliance notices in a timely manner; market and show apartments to
prospective applicants; prepare and execute the lease and all addendums;
maintain regular office hours and be available to the community, tenants, and
vendors.
Salary  $11.00 Per Hour
Job Type  Permanent Part Time First Shift Job

For further information please visit: http://www.dol.state.ga.us/

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             557 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 8, 2014 Friday

Georgia: SITE MANAGER

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


Department of Labor, The State of Georgia has issued the following job
opportunities:

Job Location  Months of
Experience
Required  Years of
Education
Required  Salary  Job Type  Job Order
Number
Cordele, GA  12  12  $11.00 Per Hour  Permanent Part Time  GA8200665
Job Number GA8200665
Job Title  SITE MANAGER
Job Location  Cordele, GA
Minimum Skills  Twelve months experience in apartment leasing, property
management, or office management.


12 Month Experience
    12 Years Education
    Must Have Valid Class C Drivers License

Preferred Skills  Section 42 affordable housing experience preferred. Accounts
payable and marketing experience preferred.
Job Description  Site manager for a small multi-family apartment complex in
Cordele, GA. Permanent part time position with flexible hours and on-call
availability required. Receive and process applications (receiving paper copy
and placing information into iCAM); record applicant/traffic contact(recording
guests of the property into iCAM for future contacts or housing needs); complete
tenant certifications at move-in; process paperwork by obtaining all required
verifications during move-ins or re-certifications; complete unit inspections
quarterly or as needed; handle tenant complaints according to policy and
procedures; ensure maintenance/janitor work is accomplished; coordinate unit
turnover; process move-out paperwork including the inspection of the unit,
estimating damages and completing standard refund letters according to company
policy; maintain a waiting list and continues making community contacts even if
100% occupied; process, collect and maintain security deposits; collect and
enter rent into iCAM; process bank deposits per company policies and procedures;
follow-up on net receivable delinquencies; maintain resident files per
compliance issues; inspect the property daily for cleanliness and/or safety
hazards; daily enforcement of project rules and regulations while processing
non-compliance notices in a timely manner; market and show apartments to
prospective applicants; prepare and execute the lease and all addendums;
maintain regular office hours and be available to the community, tenants, and
vendors.
Salary  $11.00 Per Hour
Job Type  Permanent Part Time First Shift Job

For further information please visit: http://www.dol.state.ga.us/

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             558 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 28, 2014 Saturday

Georgia: SITE MANAGER

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


Department of Labor, The State of Georgia has issued the following job
opportunities:

Job Location  Months of
Experience
Required  Years of
Education
Required  Salary  Job Type  Job Order
Number
Cordele, GA  12  12  $11.00 Per Hour  Permanent Part Time  GA8188274
Job Number GA8188274
Job Title  SITE MANAGER
Job Location  Cordele, GA
Minimum Skills  Twelve months experience in apartment leasing, property
management, or office management.


12 Month Experience
    12 Years Education
    Must Have Valid Class C Drivers License

Preferred Skills  Section 42 affordable housing experience preferred. Accounts
payable and marketing experience preferred.
Job Description  Site manager for a small multi-family apartment complex in
Cordele, GA. Permanent part time position with flexible hours and on-call
availability required. Receive and process applications (receiving paper copy
and placing information into iCAM); record applicant/traffic contact(recording
guests of the property into iCAM for future contacts or housing needs); complete
tenant certifications at move-in; process paperwork by obtaining all required
verifications during move-ins or re-certifications; complete unit inspections
quarterly or as needed; handle tenant complaints according to policy and
procedures; ensure maintenance/janitor work is accomplished; coordinate unit
turnover; process move-out paperwork including the inspection of the unit,
estimating damages and completing standard refund letters according to company
policy; maintain a waiting list and continues making community contacts even if
100% occupied; process, collect and maintain security deposits; collect and
enter rent into iCAM; process bank deposits per company policies and procedures;
follow-up on net receivable delinquencies; maintain resident files per
compliance issues; inspect the property daily for cleanliness and/or safety
hazards; daily enforcement of project rules and regulations while processing
non-compliance notices in a timely manner; market and show apartments to
prospective applicants; prepare and execute the lease and all addendums;
maintain regular office hours and be available to the community, tenants, and
vendors.
Salary  $11.00 Per Hour
Job Type  Permanent Part Time First Shift Job

For further information please visit: http://www.dol.state.ga.us/

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             559 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 27, 2014 Friday

Georgia: SITE MANAGER

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


Department of Labor, The State of Georgia has issued the following job
opportunities:

Job Location  Months of
Experience
Required  Years of
Education
Required  Salary  Job Type  Job Order
Number
Cordele, GA  12  12  $11.00 Per Hour  Permanent Part Time  GA8188274
Job Number GA8188274
Job Title  SITE MANAGER
Job Location  Cordele, GA
Minimum Skills  Twelve months experience in apartment leasing, property
management, or office management.


12 Month Experience
    12 Years Education
    Must Have Valid Class C Drivers License

Preferred Skills  Section 42 affordable housing experience preferred. Accounts
payable and marketing experience preferred.
Job Description  Site manager for a small multi-family apartment complex in
Cordele, GA. Permanent part time position with flexible hours and on-call
availability required. Receive and process applications (receiving paper copy
and placing information into iCAM); record applicant/traffic contact(recording
guests of the property into iCAM for future contacts or housing needs); complete
tenant certifications at move-in; process paperwork by obtaining all required
verifications during move-ins or re-certifications; complete unit inspections
quarterly or as needed; handle tenant complaints according to policy and
procedures; ensure maintenance/janitor work is accomplished; coordinate unit
turnover; process move-out paperwork including the inspection of the unit,
estimating damages and completing standard refund letters according to company
policy; maintain a waiting list and continues making community contacts even if
100% occupied; process, collect and maintain security deposits; collect and
enter rent into iCAM; process bank deposits per company policies and procedures;
follow-up on net receivable delinquencies; maintain resident files per
compliance issues; inspect the property daily for cleanliness and/or safety
hazards; daily enforcement of project rules and regulations while processing
non-compliance notices in a timely manner; market and show apartments to
prospective applicants; prepare and execute the lease and all addendums;
maintain regular office hours and be available to the community, tenants, and
vendors.
Salary  $11.00 Per Hour
Job Type  Permanent Part Time First Shift Job

For further information please visit: http://www.dol.state.ga.us/

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             560 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 26, 2014 Thursday

Georgia: SITE MANAGER

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


Department of Labor, The State of Georgia has issued the following job
opportunities:

Job Location  Months of
Experience
Required  Years of
Education
Required  Salary  Job Type  Job Order
Number
Cordele, GA  12  12  $11.00 Per Hour  Permanent Part Time  GA8188274
Job Number GA8188274
Job Title  SITE MANAGER
Job Location  Cordele, GA
Minimum Skills  Twelve months experience in apartment leasing, property
management, or office management.


12 Month Experience
    12 Years Education
    Must Have Valid Class C Drivers License

Preferred Skills  Section 42 affordable housing experience preferred. Accounts
payable and marketing experience preferred.
Job Description  Site manager for a small multi-family apartment complex in
Cordele, GA. Permanent part time position with flexible hours and on-call
availability required. Receive and process applications (receiving paper copy
and placing information into iCAM); record applicant/traffic contact(recording
guests of the property into iCAM for future contacts or housing needs); complete
tenant certifications at move-in; process paperwork by obtaining all required
verifications during move-ins or re-certifications; complete unit inspections
quarterly or as needed; handle tenant complaints according to policy and
procedures; ensure maintenance/janitor work is accomplished; coordinate unit
turnover; process move-out paperwork including the inspection of the unit,
estimating damages and completing standard refund letters according to company
policy; maintain a waiting list and continues making community contacts even if
100% occupied; process, collect and maintain security deposits; collect and
enter rent into iCAM; process bank deposits per company policies and procedures;
follow-up on net receivable delinquencies; maintain resident files per
compliance issues; inspect the property daily for cleanliness and/or safety
hazards; daily enforcement of project rules and regulations while processing
non-compliance notices in a timely manner; market and show apartments to
prospective applicants; prepare and execute the lease and all addendums;
maintain regular office hours and be available to the community, tenants, and
vendors.
Salary  $11.00 Per Hour
Job Type  Permanent Part Time First Shift Job

For further information please visit: http://www.dol.state.ga.us/

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             561 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 25, 2014 Wednesday

Georgia: SITE MANAGER

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


Department of Labor, The State of Georgia has issued the following job
opportunities:

Job Location  Months of
Experience
Required  Years of
Education
Required  Salary  Job Type  Job Order
Number
Cordele, GA  12  12  $11.00 Per Hour  Permanent Part Time  GA8188274
Job Number GA8188274
Job Title  SITE MANAGER
Job Location  Cordele, GA
Minimum Skills  Twelve months experience in apartment leasing, property
management, or office management.


12 Month Experience
    12 Years Education
    Must Have Valid Class C Drivers License

Preferred Skills  Section 42 affordable housing experience preferred. Accounts
payable and marketing experience preferred.
Job Description  Site manager for a small multi-family apartment complex in
Cordele, GA. Permanent part time position with flexible hours and on-call
availability required. Receive and process applications (receiving paper copy
and placing information into iCAM); record applicant/traffic contact(recording
guests of the property into iCAM for future contacts or housing needs); complete
tenant certifications at move-in; process paperwork by obtaining all required
verifications during move-ins or re-certifications; complete unit inspections
quarterly or as needed; handle tenant complaints according to policy and
procedures; ensure maintenance/janitor work is accomplished; coordinate unit
turnover; process move-out paperwork including the inspection of the unit,
estimating damages and completing standard refund letters according to company
policy; maintain a waiting list and continues making community contacts even if
100% occupied; process, collect and maintain security deposits; collect and
enter rent into iCAM; process bank deposits per company policies and procedures;
follow-up on net receivable delinquencies; maintain resident files per
compliance issues; inspect the property daily for cleanliness and/or safety
hazards; daily enforcement of project rules and regulations while processing
non-compliance notices in a timely manner; market and show apartments to
prospective applicants; prepare and execute the lease and all addendums;
maintain regular office hours and be available to the community, tenants, and
vendors.
Salary  $11.00 Per Hour
Job Type  Permanent Part Time First Shift Job

For further information please visit: http://www.dol.state.ga.us/

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             562 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 25, 2014 Wednesday

Georgia: SITE MANAGER

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


Department of Labor, The State of Georgia has issued the following job
opportunities:

Job Location  Months of
Experience
Required  Years of
Education
Required  Salary  Job Type  Job Order
Number
Cordele, GA  12  12  $11.00 Per Hour  Permanent Part Time  GA8188274
Job Number GA8188274
Job Title  SITE MANAGER
Job Location  Cordele, GA
Minimum Skills  Twelve months experience in apartment leasing, property
management, or office management.


12 Month Experience
    12 Years Education
    Must Have Valid Class C Drivers License

Preferred Skills  Section 42 affordable housing experience preferred. Accounts
payable and marketing experience preferred.
Job Description  Site manager for a small multi-family apartment complex in
Cordele, GA. Permanent part time position with flexible hours and on-call
availability required. Receive and process applications (receiving paper copy
and placing information into iCAM); record applicant/traffic contact(recording
guests of the property into iCAM for future contacts or housing needs); complete
tenant certifications at move-in; process paperwork by obtaining all required
verifications during move-ins or re-certifications; complete unit inspections
quarterly or as needed; handle tenant complaints according to policy and
procedures; ensure maintenance/janitor work is accomplished; coordinate unit
turnover; process move-out paperwork including the inspection of the unit,
estimating damages and completing standard refund letters according to company
policy; maintain a waiting list and continues making community contacts even if
100% occupied; process, collect and maintain security deposits; collect and
enter rent into iCAM; process bank deposits per company policies and procedures;
follow-up on net receivable delinquencies; maintain resident files per
compliance issues; inspect the property daily for cleanliness and/or safety
hazards; daily enforcement of project rules and regulations while processing
non-compliance notices in a timely manner; market and show apartments to
prospective applicants; prepare and execute the lease and all addendums;
maintain regular office hours and be available to the community, tenants, and
vendors.
Salary  $11.00 Per Hour
Job Type  Permanent Part Time First Shift Job

For further information please visit: http://www.dol.state.ga.us/

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             563 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 24, 2014 Tuesday

Georgia: SITE MANAGER

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


Department of Labor, The State of Georgia has issued the following job
opportunities:

Job Location  Months of
Experience
Required  Years of
Education
Required  Salary  Job Type  Job Order
Number
Cordele, GA  12  12  $11.00 Per Hour  Permanent Part Time  GA8188274
Job Number GA8188274
Job Title  SITE MANAGER
Job Location  Cordele, GA
Minimum Skills  Twelve months experience in apartment leasing, property
management, or office management.


12 Month Experience
    12 Years Education
    Must Have Valid Class C Drivers License

Preferred Skills  Section 42 affordable housing experience preferred. Accounts
payable and marketing experience preferred.
Job Description  Site manager for a small multi-family apartment complex in
Cordele, GA. Permanent part time position with flexible hours and on-call
availability required. Receive and process applications (receiving paper copy
and placing information into iCAM); record applicant/traffic contact(recording
guests of the property into iCAM for future contacts or housing needs); complete
tenant certifications at move-in; process paperwork by obtaining all required
verifications during move-ins or re-certifications; complete unit inspections
quarterly or as needed; handle tenant complaints according to policy and
procedures; ensure maintenance/janitor work is accomplished; coordinate unit
turnover; process move-out paperwork including the inspection of the unit,
estimating damages and completing standard refund letters according to company
policy; maintain a waiting list and continues making community contacts even if
100% occupied; process, collect and maintain security deposits; collect and
enter rent into iCAM; process bank deposits per company policies and procedures;
follow-up on net receivable delinquencies; maintain resident files per
compliance issues; inspect the property daily for cleanliness and/or safety
hazards; daily enforcement of project rules and regulations while processing
non-compliance notices in a timely manner; market and show apartments to
prospective applicants; prepare and execute the lease and all addendums;
maintain regular office hours and be available to the community, tenants, and
vendors.
Salary  $11.00 Per Hour
Job Type  Permanent Part Time First Shift Job

For further information please visit: http://www.dol.state.ga.us/

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             564 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 23, 2014 Monday

Georgia: SITE MANAGER

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


Department of Labor, The State of Georgia has issued the following job
opportunities:

Job Location  Months of
Experience
Required  Years of
Education
Required  Salary  Job Type  Job Order
Number
Cordele, GA  12  12  $11.00 Per Hour  Permanent Part Time  GA8188274
Job Number GA8188274
Job Title  SITE MANAGER
Job Location  Cordele, GA
Minimum Skills  Twelve months experience in apartment leasing, property
management, or office management.


12 Month Experience
    12 Years Education
    Must Have Valid Class C Drivers License

Preferred Skills  Section 42 affordable housing experience preferred. Accounts
payable and marketing experience preferred.
Job Description  Site manager for a small multi-family apartment complex in
Cordele, GA. Permanent part time position with flexible hours and on-call
availability required. Receive and process applications (receiving paper copy
and placing information into iCAM); record applicant/traffic contact(recording
guests of the property into iCAM for future contacts or housing needs); complete
tenant certifications at move-in; process paperwork by obtaining all required
verifications during move-ins or re-certifications; complete unit inspections
quarterly or as needed; handle tenant complaints according to policy and
procedures; ensure maintenance/janitor work is accomplished; coordinate unit
turnover; process move-out paperwork including the inspection of the unit,
estimating damages and completing standard refund letters according to company
policy; maintain a waiting list and continues making community contacts even if
100% occupied; process, collect and maintain security deposits; collect and
enter rent into iCAM; process bank deposits per company policies and procedures;
follow-up on net receivable delinquencies; maintain resident files per
compliance issues; inspect the property daily for cleanliness and/or safety
hazards; daily enforcement of project rules and regulations while processing
non-compliance notices in a timely manner; market and show apartments to
prospective applicants; prepare and execute the lease and all addendums;
maintain regular office hours and be available to the community, tenants, and
vendors.
Salary  $11.00 Per Hour
Job Type  Permanent Part Time First Shift Job

For further information please visit: http://www.dol.state.ga.us/

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             565 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 21, 2014 Saturday

Georgia: SITE MANAGER

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


Department of Labor, The State of Georgia has issued the following job
opportunities:

Job Location  Months of
Experience
Required  Years of
Education
Required  Salary  Job Type  Job Order
Number
Cordele, GA  12  12  $11.00 Per Hour  Permanent Part Time  GA8188274
Job Number GA8188274
Job Title  SITE MANAGER
Job Location  Cordele, GA
Minimum Skills  Twelve months experience in apartment leasing, property
management, or office management.


12 Month Experience
    12 Years Education
    Must Have Valid Class C Drivers License

Preferred Skills  Section 42 affordable housing experience preferred. Accounts
payable and marketing experience preferred.
Job Description  Site manager for a small multi-family apartment complex in
Cordele, GA. Permanent part time position with flexible hours and on-call
availability required. Receive and process applications (receiving paper copy
and placing information into iCAM); record applicant/traffic contact(recording
guests of the property into iCAM for future contacts or housing needs); complete
tenant certifications at move-in; process paperwork by obtaining all required
verifications during move-ins or re-certifications; complete unit inspections
quarterly or as needed; handle tenant complaints according to policy and
procedures; ensure maintenance/janitor work is accomplished; coordinate unit
turnover; process move-out paperwork including the inspection of the unit,
estimating damages and completing standard refund letters according to company
policy; maintain a waiting list and continues making community contacts even if
100% occupied; process, collect and maintain security deposits; collect and
enter rent into iCAM; process bank deposits per company policies and procedures;
follow-up on net receivable delinquencies; maintain resident files per
compliance issues; inspect the property daily for cleanliness and/or safety
hazards; daily enforcement of project rules and regulations while processing
non-compliance notices in a timely manner; market and show apartments to
prospective applicants; prepare and execute the lease and all addendums;
maintain regular office hours and be available to the community, tenants, and
vendors.
Salary  $11.00 Per Hour
Job Type  Permanent Part Time First Shift Job

For further information please visit: http://www.dol.state.ga.us/

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             566 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 20, 2014 Friday

Georgia: SITE MANAGER

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


Department of Labor, The State of Georgia has issued the following job
opportunities:

Job Location  Months of
Experience
Required  Years of
Education
Required  Salary  Job Type  Job Order
Number
Cordele, GA  12  12  $11.00 Per Hour  Permanent Part Time  GA8188274
Job Number GA8188274
Job Title  SITE MANAGER
Job Location  Cordele, GA
Minimum Skills  Twelve months experience in apartment leasing, property
management, or office management.


12 Month Experience
    12 Years Education
    Must Have Valid Class C Drivers License

Preferred Skills  Section 42 affordable housing experience preferred. Accounts
payable and marketing experience preferred.
Job Description  Site manager for a small multi-family apartment complex in
Cordele, GA. Permanent part time position with flexible hours and on-call
availability required. Receive and process applications (receiving paper copy
and placing information into iCAM); record applicant/traffic contact(recording
guests of the property into iCAM for future contacts or housing needs); complete
tenant certifications at move-in; process paperwork by obtaining all required
verifications during move-ins or re-certifications; complete unit inspections
quarterly or as needed; handle tenant complaints according to policy and
procedures; ensure maintenance/janitor work is accomplished; coordinate unit
turnover; process move-out paperwork including the inspection of the unit,
estimating damages and completing standard refund letters according to company
policy; maintain a waiting list and continues making community contacts even if
100% occupied; process, collect and maintain security deposits; collect and
enter rent into iCAM; process bank deposits per company policies and procedures;
follow-up on net receivable delinquencies; maintain resident files per
compliance issues; inspect the property daily for cleanliness and/or safety
hazards; daily enforcement of project rules and regulations while processing
non-compliance notices in a timely manner; market and show apartments to
prospective applicants; prepare and execute the lease and all addendums;
maintain regular office hours and be available to the community, tenants, and
vendors.
Salary  $11.00 Per Hour
Job Type  Permanent Part Time First Shift Job

For further information please visit: http://www.dol.state.ga.us/

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             567 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 19, 2014 Thursday

Georgia: SITE MANAGER

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


Department of Labor, The State of Georgia has issued the following job
opportunities:

Job Location  Months of
Experience
Required  Years of
Education
Required  Salary  Job Type  Job Order
Number
Cordele, GA  12  12  $11.00 Per Hour  Permanent Part Time  GA8188274
Job Number GA8188274
Job Title  SITE MANAGER
Job Location  Cordele, GA
Minimum Skills  Twelve months experience in apartment leasing, property
management, or office management.


12 Month Experience
    12 Years Education
    Must Have Valid Class C Drivers License

Preferred Skills  Section 42 affordable housing experience preferred. Accounts
payable and marketing experience preferred.
Job Description  Site manager for a small multi-family apartment complex in
Cordele, GA. Permanent part time position with flexible hours and on-call
availability required. Receive and process applications (receiving paper copy
and placing information into iCAM); record applicant/traffic contact(recording
guests of the property into iCAM for future contacts or housing needs); complete
tenant certifications at move-in; process paperwork by obtaining all required
verifications during move-ins or re-certifications; complete unit inspections
quarterly or as needed; handle tenant complaints according to policy and
procedures; ensure maintenance/janitor work is accomplished; coordinate unit
turnover; process move-out paperwork including the inspection of the unit,
estimating damages and completing standard refund letters according to company
policy; maintain a waiting list and continues making community contacts even if
100% occupied; process, collect and maintain security deposits; collect and
enter rent into iCAM; process bank deposits per company policies and procedures;
follow-up on net receivable delinquencies; maintain resident files per
compliance issues; inspect the property daily for cleanliness and/or safety
hazards; daily enforcement of project rules and regulations while processing
non-compliance notices in a timely manner; market and show apartments to
prospective applicants; prepare and execute the lease and all addendums;
maintain regular office hours and be available to the community, tenants, and
vendors.
Salary  $11.00 Per Hour
Job Type  Permanent Part Time First Shift Job

For further information please visit: http://www.dol.state.ga.us/

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             568 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 17, 2014 Tuesday

Georgia: SITE MANAGER

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


Department of Labor, The State of Georgia has issued the following job
opportunities:

Job Location  Months of
Experience
Required  Years of
Education
Required  Salary  Job Type  Job Order
Number
Cordele, GA  12  12  $11.00 Per Hour  Permanent Part Time  GA8188274
Job Number GA8188274
Job Title  SITE MANAGER
Job Location  Cordele, GA
Minimum Skills  Twelve months experience in apartment leasing, property
management, or office management.


12 Month Experience
    12 Years Education
    Must Have Valid Class C Drivers License

Preferred Skills  Section 42 affordable housing experience preferred. Accounts
payable and marketing experience preferred.
Job Description  Site manager for a small multi-family apartment complex in
Cordele, GA. Permanent part time position with flexible hours and on-call
availability required. Receive and process applications (receiving paper copy
and placing information into iCAM); record applicant/traffic contact(recording
guests of the property into iCAM for future contacts or housing needs); complete
tenant certifications at move-in; process paperwork by obtaining all required
verifications during move-ins or re-certifications; complete unit inspections
quarterly or as needed; handle tenant complaints according to policy and
procedures; ensure maintenance/janitor work is accomplished; coordinate unit
turnover; process move-out paperwork including the inspection of the unit,
estimating damages and completing standard refund letters according to company
policy; maintain a waiting list and continues making community contacts even if
100% occupied; process, collect and maintain security deposits; collect and
enter rent into iCAM; process bank deposits per company policies and procedures;
follow-up on net receivable delinquencies; maintain resident files per
compliance issues; inspect the property daily for cleanliness and/or safety
hazards; daily enforcement of project rules and regulations while processing
non-compliance notices in a timely manner; market and show apartments to
prospective applicants; prepare and execute the lease and all addendums;
maintain regular office hours and be available to the community, tenants, and
vendors.
Salary  $11.00 Per Hour
Job Type  Permanent Part Time First Shift Job

For further information please visit: http://www.dol.state.ga.us/

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             569 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 16, 2014 Monday

Georgia: SITE MANAGER

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


Department of Labor, The State of Georgia has issued the following job
opportunities:

Job Location  Months of
Experience
Required  Years of
Education
Required  Salary  Job Type  Job Order
Number
Cordele, GA  12  12  $11.00 Per Hour  Permanent Part Time  GA8188274
Job Number GA8188274
Job Title  SITE MANAGER
Job Location  Cordele, GA
Minimum Skills  Twelve months experience in apartment leasing, property
management, or office management.


12 Month Experience
    12 Years Education
    Must Have Valid Class C Drivers License

Preferred Skills  Section 42 affordable housing experience preferred. Accounts
payable and marketing experience preferred.
Job Description  Site manager for a small multi-family apartment complex in
Cordele, GA. Permanent part time position with flexible hours and on-call
availability required. Receive and process applications (receiving paper copy
and placing information into iCAM); record applicant/traffic contact(recording
guests of the property into iCAM for future contacts or housing needs); complete
tenant certifications at move-in; process paperwork by obtaining all required
verifications during move-ins or re-certifications; complete unit inspections
quarterly or as needed; handle tenant complaints according to policy and
procedures; ensure maintenance/janitor work is accomplished; coordinate unit
turnover; process move-out paperwork including the inspection of the unit,
estimating damages and completing standard refund letters according to company
policy; maintain a waiting list and continues making community contacts even if
100% occupied; process, collect and maintain security deposits; collect and
enter rent into iCAM; process bank deposits per company policies and procedures;
follow-up on net receivable delinquencies; maintain resident files per
compliance issues; inspect the property daily for cleanliness and/or safety
hazards; daily enforcement of project rules and regulations while processing
non-compliance notices in a timely manner; market and show apartments to
prospective applicants; prepare and execute the lease and all addendums;
maintain regular office hours and be available to the community, tenants, and
vendors.
Salary  $11.00 Per Hour
Job Type  Permanent Part Time First Shift Job

For further information please visit: http://www.dol.state.ga.us/

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             570 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                            January 13, 2015 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Vancouver lags behind nation's rental property boom; 'In a mess': A combination
of factors make the creation of new housing an uphill battle, says local realtor

BYLINE: Barbara Yaffe, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 643 words


Social and economic forces increasingly are making it fashionable to rent. But
Vancouverarea developers aspiring to respond to demand are facing tougher
constraints than anywhere else in Canada.

Despite a low vacancy rate and investor interest, builders in Metro Vancouver
are thwarted by a "chronic shortage of sites, municipal bureaucratic barriers
and the cost of land," reports David Goodman, a prominent Vancouver realtor
specializing in multi-family real estate.

"We are in a mess, and it will have serious social and economic implications."

Goodman says that "Toronto, the Prairies and even Eastern Canada are witnessing
burgeoning new purpose-built markets" with new buildings popping up everywhere.

Notwithstanding the far more challenging building conditions in Vancouver, Mayor
Gregor Robertson is touting a target of 4,000 new rental units over the next
four years as part of a plan to make the city more affordable.

The city's website states: "Vancouver has the tightest rental market ... in
Canada," with an average vacancy rate of 0.9 per cent during the past three
years.

"The need for suitable housing choices for low-and moderate-income households
has grown significantly." The vacancy rate, at present, is down to a
"mind-blowing 0.5 per cent," reports Goodman.

Vancouver has tried to make the task of building rental units easier by waiving
development levies, relaxing parking requirements, and sanctioning suites as
small as 320 square feet.

Planning director Brian Jackson notes that fully half of Metro Vancouver's
rental units are in Vancouver, where half the population or more rents.

He says the city's new Affordable Housing Agency will report to city council
next year on how to further encourage rental construction.

Goodman scoffs at the city's reassurances. He says high land values, and
construction costs as much as 30 per cent more than in Toronto, as well as a
shortage of suitable development sites, combine with obstructionist city
policies to make the creation of new rental housing an uphill battle.

Vancouver has prohibited demolition of deteriorating rental buildings -
structures Goodman calls "60-year-old dreck."

And so, "1,500 inefficient older rental buildings" are occupying 750 acres of
land that cannot be touched.

Further, he asserts, development approvals can take two to three years.

"City Hall is filled with zealous bureaucrats who often insist on social
engineering suite type, specs, design and size for new rental projects."

Whatever the hurdles, many agree renting is becoming an evermore popular option
as the price spread between buying and renting widens.

Certainly, condominium units - of which, in Vancouver, 40 per cent are rented -
are growing increasingly pricey.

The typical price of a condo unit on Vancouver's west side is nearly $500,000,
$314,000 on the east side, with both categories up more than four per cent in
the past year.

Another factor - millennials, aged 25 to 34 - are more likely to rent than
boomers, with many seeking a downtown lifestyle and forgoing a car.

Indeed, CIBC numbers reveal home ownership among Canadians aged 25 to 34 has
declined, from 55 per cent in 2012 to 50 per cent today.

And in recent years, new and retrofitted apartment buildings have been endowed
with more bells and whistles - granite countertops, in-suite laundry amenities,
gyms and yoga studios - making rentals more appealing.

Noting that vacancy and interest rates are low and municipalities are wanting
more rentals, Goodman observes: "After a 40-year hiatus, our industry is finally
witnessing a rare convergence of factors allowing for ... financing and
construction of new market rentals across Canada."

He just wishes conditions were as good in Vancouver for the development of
rental property as in the rest of the country.

byaffe@vancouversun.com !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Vancouver Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                             571 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 10, 2014 Tuesday

Kmart demolition moves forward

BYLINE: Erin Trester, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 785 words


June 10--WORTHINGTON -- The Worthington City Council approved the recommendation
to the Nobles County District Court for the demolition of the former Kmart
building during its Monday night meeting.

"The city attorney has filed with the courts, and we do have a court date set
for June 26," said Brad Chapulis, the city's director of community and economic
development.

On May 29, Wenzel Engineering submitted its final structural report on the
former Kmart building, which was conducted pursuant to an order from the Nobles
County District Court in late October 2013. The report was an assessment as to
whether to repair or demolish the structure.

City councilman Scott Nelson asked Monday if the city would cover the demolition
cost and then assess it against the property in the event is ever sold.

"Under the advisement of the city attorney, it was indicated that even with the
hearing on the 26th, it is more than likely that the courts will give the owner
a period of time -- lasting 14 days -- to formally respond to the order,"
Chapulis said. "After that 14 days, anything that we (city) acquire would be
eligible for an assessment."

A copy of the Wenzel report stated that the cost to renovate the building to a
functional retail space again would be $3.47 million. Demolition, meanwhile, is
estimated at $253,000. The city council unanimously approved the demolition
recommendation.

In another matter, the city council approved a resolution authorizing the
Worthington Housing and Redevelopment (HRA) to issue housing redevelopment
revenue bonds and adopt of a multi-family housing program. The council
originally the plan in May 2013, but the project has expanded since.

At the time of consideration, the project, known as Rising Sun Estates,
consisted of a 36-unit rental townhome development with an estimated project
cost of $3.8 million -- $2.7 million of which was to be bonded. The project has
since grown into a 48-unit development, with a new project cost estimated at
$6.5 million as well as an anticipated $3.9 million bond issuance.

"This project has gotten great support from the (Worthington) public utilities,
from JBS Swift and from the community," Councilman Mike Kuhle said. "I think
it's a great project."

Bonds for the project would not be a general obligation of the HRA or the city,
and would be payable from the revenues derived from the housing program and its
implementation.

The Rising Sun Estates project is located at the southeast intersection of
Nobles County 35 and Nobles County 5 in Worthington. The estates will contain 16
two-bedroom units and 32 three-bedroom units. Initial cost to renters will
approximately be $850 for the two-bedroom units and $950 for the three-bedroom
units.

In other business:

--Johnson Builders & Realtors (JBR) sought the issuance of a special use permit
for property it owns on the south side of Homewood Avenue. The council approved
the special permit, which allows JBR to construct a three-unit townhouse
structure.

Each unit will be approximately 1,920 square feet, which includes the two-stall
attached garage. The structure will be one story tall, 40 feet deep and 144 feet
wide.

--The council approved improvements and additions to be made stretching from
Grand Avenue, about 200 feet north of Oxford Street, to Darling Drive.

The extension will involve an additional 520 feet and affect three additional
property owners. The improvement standards would require installation of
sidewalks on each side of the street from Oxford Street and ending at Darling
Drive.

"We anticipate to bond for this project -- city shares, special levies and
special assessments will pay for this bond," said Dwayne Haffield, the city's
director of engineering.

--Interim Worthington Police Chief Kevin Flynn and Community Services Officer
Myra Onnen were in attendance to ask the council to call for a hearing regarding
a property located at 617 Omaha Ave. A public hearing was set for 7 p.m. June 27
on the matter of abating a health and safety nuisance at the residence.

An April 14 fire damaged property on the residence, owned by Israel Verastegui.
At the time of the fire, the city was pursuing action against Verastegui for
failure to abate in a timely manner for the nuisance violation at the same
property.

A notice of violation was served to Verastegui on May 13, which required him to
present Onnen with a plan for abatement of the nuisance on the property within
14 days. To date, Verastegui has neither abated the nuisance nor supplied a plan
to do so.

Daily Globe Reporter Erin Trester may be reached at 376-7322.

___ (c)2014 The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minn.) Visit The Daily Globe
(Worthington, Minn.) at www.dglobe.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140610-QG-Kmart-demolition-moves-forward-0610-20140610

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QG


                         Copyright 2014 The Daily Globe


                             572 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 8, 2015 Tuesday

Housing task force asks for county support

BYLINE: Carol Thompson, The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 629 words


Dec. 08--TRAVERSE CITY -- Leelanau County residents charged with addressing the
community's housing shortage had one message for county leaders: It's time to
act.

Housing is a "critical linchpin" for the community and Leelanau County
Commissioners should play a role in finding more, said Kathy Egan, Suttons Bay
Township Planner.

"If they're not willing to lead on that, then there's nothing that anyone else
can do to make Leelanau County move into the future and address these issues,"
she said. "It can't fall on an unfunded nonprofit to solve the problem for the
county."

Egan is a member of the Leelanau County Housing Task Force, a group that Monday
morning to determine the next step toward addressing the county's housing
shortage. They hope to have a plan ready for county commissioners before their
annual organizational meeting Jan. 5 that details actions the community can take
to provide more homes for families and workers.

A 2014 Networks Northwest study found the county needs between 230 and 350 new
owner-occupied units and between 450 and 900 new rental units built by 2020. And
90 percent of those rentals should be priced below market rate.

The shortage means prices skyrocket, which pushes out even year-round,
median-income workers the community relies on, said Kim Pontius, a task force
member, and executive vice president of the Traverse Area Association of
Realtors.

"We're not just talking about summer or seasonal workers. We're talking about
sheriff, fire, EMT, all the people we rely on to clear our roads of snow," he
said. "We cannot solve the problem unless the county is right there, front and
center, in support of trying to develop the solution."

High land costs and strict zoning codes can make building affordable homes
difficult, and some Leelanau County residents and elected officials don't want
to see taxpayer money allocated to new development.

Ty Wessell -- the task force's chairman and a county commissioner -- said county
leaders could address the issue without much direct spending. They could reach
out to developers, encourage simpler zoning codes and consider tax breaks for
affordable housing developments.

"(We can be) willing to consider tax abatements or PILOTs (payments in lieu of
taxes) that defer taxes but don't spend taxpayer money," he said.

Kevin Elsenheimer, director of the Michigan State Housing Development Authority,
and Christine Coady Narayanan, CEO of the Opportunity Resource Fund, addressed
the task force at Monday's meeting. They presented information about the roles
their organizations play in affordable housing development and acknowledged
Leelanau County's unique challenge -- housing a seasonal workforce.

MSHDA likes to put money toward projects near residents' jobs, an expensive
proposition in a resort community, Elsenheimer said.

"Which makes a six- or seven-month rent cycle more difficult, frankly, to make
work, but that doesn't mean there's (nothing we can do)," he said. "I think we
ought to try."

Other resort communities face the same seasonal shortage, but none have found
solutions, Narayanan said. She said Opportunity Resource Fund can help fund new
housing for year-round and seasonal residents who want homes near their jobs.

"They can't afford to live anywhere even close to where they work," she said.
"We want to be able to help create -- I'm not talking about a slum, I'm not
talking about your '70s Section 8 projects -- decent multi-family affordable
rental housing for people who make the businesses here work."

The task force will meet again at 9 a.m. on Jan. 4 at the Leelanau County
Government Center in Suttons Bay.

___ (c)2015 The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Mich.) Visit The Record-Eagle
(Traverse City, Mich.) at record-eagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151208-ZK-Housing-task-force-asks-for-county-support-1208-20151208

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2015 The Record-Eagle


                             573 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            October 25, 2009 Sunday

FORECLOSURE 101 - L.I. INVESTOR SCORES WITH HOUSE MONEY

BYLINE: RICHARD WILNER

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 1103 words


A Long Island businessman is using government money to cash in on residential
foreclosure spike roiling through the metro area -  and, no, he's not an
executive with Goldman Sachs.

Dr. Harsimran Singh, who moved here decades ago with an engineering degree and
dreams of carving out a career as a civil engineer, instead turned to purchasing
foreclosed properties and has since bought well over 100 homes in Brooklyn,
Queens and on the Island -  each one earning him a healthy return of at least 10
percent to 50 percent.

He now feels everyone can, and should, get into the real estate game and is
talking about his 26-year-long winning streak.

"There is no reason, with so many vacant homes dotting the landscape, that
people should settle for 1 percent or 1 1/2 percent interest on their money from
the bank or other investments," the self-made millionaire told The Post last
week.

At the center of Singh's plan is the federal government's Section 8 voucher
program that provides rent stipends for low-income families. More than two
million households across the country participate in the program.

"I use a simple formula that eliminates all speculation, there is practically no
risk," said Singh, 63 years old. "I like to play it safe."

For example, earlier this month Singh bought a foreclosed, four-bedroom house in
Central Islip on Long Island for $95,000 -  knowing he could rent it out for
$1,800 to a family that has been qualified under the federal government's
Housing and Urban Development Section 8 voucher program.

"I knew the house was a bargain because it had been appraised at nearly $400,000
in 2008," said Singh. "And I knew what to bid because I knew what my monthly
income would be."

The math works out this way, said Singh: $15,000 in renovations put the total
investment at $110,000; the $1,800 a month rent puts annual rental income at
$21,600; less $10,000 a year in taxes and management fees (Singh has a company
manage the property); leaves $11,600 in the investor's pocket since he paid cash
for the property.

That's 10.5 percent of his investment.

Returns of others may vary, said Singh, because he paid cash for the house.

"Others may see less of a return if they have to carry a mortgage -  but then
again they can make a lower bid," Singh noted.

"The key is to acquire the single-family residence for its cash flow and not for
speculation," Singh writes in his book, "A to Z of Foreclosures."

"In a recessionary economy, there are two factors that the investor must take
into account when analyzing the cash flow. The first is the amount of operating
costs, taxes and mortgage payments that the rental stream will be able to cover
each month," he writes. "The second is the dependability of the rental stream."

That is why he leans on Uncle Sam for his cash flow.

ONE insider secret the busi  nessman passes along is that   investing in
foreclosed prop  erties means you have to put in bids on hundreds of houses
because most will not be accepted. Singh said he now has about 200 to 300 bids
out on houses.

"Maybe 10 percent to 30 percent of them will be accepted," he said. Again, the
results of others could vary, he noted.

Singh said he gets leads on potential investment properties from the Multiple
Listing Service and from brokers he has worked with in the past.

HUD's Section 8 program is administered through local housing authorities, which
qualify families, maintain waiting lists of families looking for housing and pay
landlords the monthly rent stipend.

Singh said he checks with the Housing Authority in the area where he is likely
to bid on a foreclosed house to see if there is a sizeable number of families
waiting for housing -  the better to guarantee there will be a rental payment
waiting on the other side of the deal.

"The investor must identify an area or neighborhood where there are prospective
Section 8 properties," Singh said. "This would be an area where lower-income
people live and where many properties are being or have been foreclosed."

He advises investors to find several real estate brokers who have listings in
the area and then spend a day with each broker traveling through the area
looking at available properties. "After about a week spent touring an area, the
investor should have a good idea of the market for that area, both as to prices
and rents."

THE investment formula has   been so successful over the   past 26 years that
Singh is   often asked to talk to local groups about others who can follow in
his footsteps.

"I give about one talk a week," said Singh, who recently wrote a book describing
his formula, which has helped him build a portfolio worth in excess of $30
million. He has recently made some bids on commercial properties and some
multi-family units in Florida.

"I just went into contract on a multi-family apartment in Jacksonville, Fla.,
that has 237 units and only 17 are occupied," Singh said. "The bank was trying
to sell it for $9 million and I am in the process of doing due diligence on it -
having my bid of $2.35 million -  about $10,000 a unit - already accepted."

He said he chose the property because there are Section 8 families who have been
waiting in that area for years to find suitable housing. He is not buying it on
speculation -  in hopes of flipping it for a quick sale, a process that can
backfire -  but on the solid ground that he can rent the units out and have
Uncle Sam be responsible for a large portion of the revenue stream.

Both of Singh's sons, a 28-year-old lawyer and his younger brother, 23, who is
studying real estate, work with the family business. His daughter, 30, started
with the family business but recently started her own real-estate business.

"I am happy that it is working for me, and want to educate the whole world,"
said Singh.

BUY LOW, RENT HIGH

Harsimran Singh, below, has purchased more than 100 properties in foreclosure
sales, including this Central Islip home last week - and makes 10% to 50% on his
investments.

SINGH'S SECRETS

*   Make bids that can be financed with monthly payments lower than expected
rent.

*   Seek steady rent streams, like those from low-income, Section 8 renters.

*   Identify areas that have plenty of prospective Section 8 housing and
renters.

*   Submit hundreds of bids - most will be rejected.

FORECLOSURE

23 Peters Blvd., Central Islip, NY.

4-bedroom house

Bought at foreclosure sale     $95,000

Renovations   $15,000

Total investment   $110,000

Will rent it out for $1,800/month, or  $21,600

Taxes ($7,000) and management costs ($3,000) =   $10,000

Leaving him an annual profit of   $11,600 or a 10.5% ROI

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Harsimran Singh. (Post photo composite; Wayne Carrington (2))

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             574 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 22, 1978, Saturday, Final Edition

Md.'s Mortgage Loans Helping Some Families

SECTION: Real Estate; Real Estate Happenings; E6

LENGTH: 463 words


Beating the high costs of buying, rehabilitating and renting dwellings
challenges many low- and moderate income Americans in these days of inflationary
economics.

The state of Maryland is helping some of its residents face that challenge by
providing mortgage loans with below-market interest rates.  The loans are being
made to limited-income families unable to compete in the private housing market.

In addition, the state is giving financial support to some builders of rental
housing who, in turn, will rent to families eligible for federal rent subsidies.

"Our primary goal is to help low and moderate-income Marylanders buy or rent
houses that they can afford," said Thomas M. Cook, director of the state's
Community Development Administration, which is part of the Department of Economi
and Community Development.

"Since 1973, our programs have served nearly 10,0000 families; special attention
has been given to the needs of senior citizens," Cook said.  "During the last
six months of 1977 we financed 1,541 dwelings, representing nearly half of all
multi-family housing starts in the state during that period.  Over the next five
years we expect, at the very least, to provide housing for 30,000 Maryland
families."

The use of general obligation bonds has, in part, helped make possible loans for
home purchases and rehabilitation of existing houses, Cook said.A family in
Allegany County's Cresaptown, for example, was one of more than 1,500 that able
to finance a moderate-price dwelling, he said.

The Cresaptown couple had been looking unsuccessfully for eight years but had
failed to qualify for a loan, Cook said.  After their application was accepted
by the Maryland home financing program, they were able to obtain a $27,000,
30-year mortgage at 7 1/4 per cent interest, he added.

Recently, a Sandy Spring couple obtained a 20-year, $11,305 loan at 6 per cent
to add a new section to their existing home.

"The loan points up the value of this new approach to preserving and expanding
affordable housing for limited-income Marylanders," said department secretary
Herbert B. Cahan.  He added that the help of local jurisdictions was enlisted in
administering the program.

Loans are made in target areas designated by local jurisdictions, which Cahan
described as "better informed as to local needs than we could possibly be in
Annapolis."

Cook estimated that nearly 30,000 of Maryland's 1.5 million housing units need
some form of rehabilition to prevent further deterioration and abandonment.

The Community Development Administration sells revenue bonds to provide
construction and permanent mortgage financing to developers of rental housing as
well as loans to families.  So far, Cook said, the program has resulted in 5,413
dwellings.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Stewartown complex in Gaithersburg was state development
finance project.

                       Copyright 1978 The Washington Post


                             575 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Robesonian (Lumberton North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 31, 2016 Saturday

Hotel refugees face deadline

BYLINE: Mike Gellatly, The Robesonian, Lumberton, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1174 words


Dec. 31--LUMBERTON -- A disabled woman in her 70s who has been living in
emergency shelters and motels since Hurricane Matthew took her home is looking
to God to help find her a place to live.

Ms. Green, who did not want her first name used, said "a lot can happen in a
week" -- and for her it must as her FEMA-assisted stay in a local motel ends
Jan. 7.

Hurricane Matthew caused hundreds of millions of dollars worth of damage in
Robeson County, with it's biggest legacy possibly being on housing. Emergency
management personnel estimate that more than 7,000 structures were damaged or
destroyed. Months after the initial wind and rain that left thousands of people
displaced, many of the most vulnerable members of the community are still
struggling to find a place to call home.

The Federal Emergency Management Agency's program for housing disaster victims
in hotels and motels is scheduled to end a week from today, though it could be
extended for a second time,

Green says she spends most of her days in bed in bed at the Motel 6.

"God is great. He has a plan," Green said. "A lot can happen in a week."

The Transitional Shelter Assistance program is designed as a stopgap to move
people out of emergency shelters before they move on to more permanent
residences.

However, there is a gap between those in need of a place to stay and the number
of available or affordable homes. Some of those still in FEMA-assisted housing
are repairing their homes and some have a place to go but are still hurdling
bureaucratic obstacles. Many more were in government-assisted housing or without
a permanent home when the water began to rise.

Green has been in touch with FEMA, which put her in touch with the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development, the Lumberton Housing Authority and
other agencies that deal with housing for disabled people.

The Housing Authority of Lumberton had a total of 725 people who were displaced
by Hurricane Matthew, which represented 260 families, according to interim
Deputy Director Barbie Hunt.

Hunt said 267 units and two community buildings were flooded, with seven units
unoccupied at the time of the flood. Repairs and relocation have allowed 19
families to move out of motels and back into Housing Authority units. However,
81 families were still in motels as of Friday, according to Hunt.

For those homes still unfit for habitation, Hunt said there are two paths for
rehabilitating them. Some were insured for flood damages. Others were not
because they were not in a flood plain.

After the bidding is completed for work on the apartments, Hunt expects to get
construction started by the first of March with a target completion date of
July.

A former resident of one of those buildings, but who most recently rented
privately, is Heather Hunt, who was picking up a meal with her 4-year-old
daughter wrapped around her arm Thursday afternoon. She is worried about where
her small family will end up.

"I've called the numbers that FEMA has given us and have not found anything,"
she said. "I can't get back with the Lumberton Housing people. They don't have
places for anybody."

Heather Hunt works part time and has looked for a small rental property via the
FEMA housing portal -- a website set up to identify available housing -- but
says making ends meet will be difficult. Before the storm she and a childhood
friend, also a single mother, rented a property together. However her friend and
family have looked for greener pastures in Tennessee.

FEMA has referred people looking for housing to several agencies involved in
identifying housing options and to FEMA's websites. However, the housing portal
lists fewer than a dozen homes available to rent in the Lumberton area and fewer
still in Pembroke, St. Pauls and the rest of Robeson County.

"If you know people who seem stuck, tell them to call FEMA," the agency advises
in releases. "Calling FEMA to get answers may be especially useful to those
living in hotels as part of the Transitional Sheltering Assistance program. If
you are part of the TSA program, you should be working on finding a more
permanent place to live as soon as possible."

Suggestions for housing help include contacting the United Way, the North
Carolina Housing Helps organization or directly contacting your housing
authority, if you were previously housed by them.

Despite the offers of help, many are feeling helpless.

Franklin, who didn't provide his full name, sat outside his Royal Inn motel room
in a lawn chair and stared at his feet as he described his situation. For two
years he has moved between homeless shelters. Since October, when he was washed
out of the First Baptist shelter in South Lumberton, Franklin has lived in four
emergency shelters and two motels. The Jan. 7 deadline is just another move for
the former textile worker.

"I called FEMA and they were very nice," he said, "but I don't know where to go.
I've talked to some church people who are trying to get me something. Get me in
somewhere. We will see."

Alexander Sanders, who has been living at the Economy Inn, said if he doesn't
get an extension he will probably have to temporarily move in with an uncle.
Sanders' home on Noir Street in Lumberton was destroyed by floodwaters.

"I have a double-wide and have the land to put it on," the disabled carpenter
said. "But I don't have the money to put in a septic tank and lights on the
property."

While Sanders looks toward his home beyond the storm-related hurdles, others are
involved in a lengthy repair process.

Treasa Ward said she may have to stay in a motel for a while longer after FEMA's
Jan. 7 deadline.

"I'm trying to get my house fixed, but it probably won't be done by the
seventh," she said. "The roof is being fixed tomorrow."

Ward, whose home suffered severe flood damage, lives on N.C. 211 East. She is
currently staying at the Quality Inn in Lumberton with her two grandsons.

If you have questions about the next step in your recovery, related to housing
or anything else, FEMA suggests calling them as a first step at 1-800-621-3362.

If you have specific housing needs, the following agencies are available:

-- NCHousingHelps.org is a free service to locate available and affordable
rental housing. The service is available online or through a toll-free,
bilingual call center, 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. Mondays through Fridays, by calling
877-428-8844.

-- The FEMA Housing Portal, https://asd.fema.gov/inter/hportal/home.htm,
provides rental housing information arranged by area.

-- If you lived in public housing or a multi-family Section 8 apartment or had a
Housing Choice Voucher before Hurricane Matthew the U.S. Housing and Urban
Development may be able to help you. Contact the housing provider that assisted
you before the disaster and contact HUD at 336-851-8058 or email [email
protected]

Reach Mike Gellatly via Twitter @MikeGellatly. Staff writers Terri Ferguson
Smith and Bob Shiles contributed to this report.

___ (c)2016 The Robesonian (Lumberton, N.C.) Visit The Robesonian (Lumberton,
N.C.) at www.robesonian.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161231-QK-Hotel-refugees-face-deadline-1231-20161231

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QK


                         Copyright 2016 The Robesonian


                             576 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

Lack of housing frustrates home shoppers in Red Wing

BYLINE: Brian Todd, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1127 words


Sept. 02--RED WING -- Shopping for a home in Red Wing?

Good luck.

The city's dearth of available housing makes finding a place to live in Red Wing
problematic, and the problem is only getting worse on a number of fronts.
Whether you're looking at starter homes, apartment living, senior housing, or
low-income housing, there's a growing need in Red Wing, said Randal Hemmerlin,
executive director of the Red Wing Housing and Redevelopment Authority.

"The last low-income project was built in 2004," Hemmerlin said, referring to
multi-family dwellings such as apartments or condominiums. "We haven't had a
market-rate development in 20 to 25 years."

New home construction -- the single-family kind -- has not exactly picked up the
slack either. The city saw about 80 to 90 homes built a year before 2000, and
about 40 per year after that. Then came 2008, and the number of new homes built
dropped to six before climbing to 18 in recent years.

"These are $300,000 to $400,000 houses," Hemmerlin said.

None of this comes close to meeting Red Wing's current needs or, especially, its
future needs, he said.

Squeezed out of town

Alex Johnson lives in Hastings, but only because finding an acceptable home in
Red Wing has proved problematic.

"There isn't much selection for smaller housing, for a one- or two-bedroom
place," Johnson said. "Not for someone like me looking for a small house or town
home."

Johnson, who has worked for the city's public works department for nearly two
years, rented an apartment in downtown Red Wing. The one-bedroom apartment in an
old building stood above a business and offered no off-street parking. So, when
a friend suggested moving to Hastings and commuting, Johnson did the math and
switched ZIP codes.

"There are few places available, and at those prices I can get a much better
place in Hastings," he said.

Today, he lives in a three-bedroom town home in Hastings that was built in 2008.

Johnson is part of a new employee engagement group of city workers who meet to
discuss issues that affect them. Housing, he said, is a major concern. In fact,
two of the six members of the group live outside of Red Wing, and one member
lives with her parents.

While he plans to work through the problem and stay in Red Wing, Johnson said he
understands how people could get frustrated and simply look for a new job where
the housing market is better.

Plenty of demand

Market-rate housing -- your typical three bedroom, two bath home or apartment --
has a vacancy rate of zero percent, according to the HRA-commissioned 2014
Comprehensive Housing Needs Analysis for the City of Red Wing. Affordable-rate
housing -- rentals mainly for people in lower income levels -- had a vacancy
rate of 0.9 percent.

The city's Section 8 voucher housing assistance program was re-opened this
spring to Red Wing residents in spite of its long waiting list. Still, holding a
voucher is not much help for low-income individuals.

"People shopping for a place with a voucher will tell us that apartments are
hard to find," Hemmerlin said.

Red Wing's problem is a problem throughout Southeast Minnesota. Joseph Wheeler,
executive director of the Southeast Minnesota Multi-County Housing and
Redevelopment Authority, said the organization's Section 8 program helps about
eight new families a month find housing in its six-county region, but that
simply offsets the individuals who leave the program.

"The Section 8 programs utilized 97-100 percent of available funding," Wheeler
said. "There is constant demand for affordable housing."

Unless new homes and apartment buildings get built, the shortage in Red Wing and
throughout the region is only going to get worse.

Hemmerlin said due to wear and tear and other factors, a community needs to
replace or significantly refurbish about 1 percent of its housing each year. For
Red Wing, with roughly 7,600 housing units, that means replacing or rehabbing 76
units a year just to maintain the status quo figures. That's not happening. In
fact, it's rarely happened in the city in recent years.

"If you look historically at Red Wing, it's never been a community that's been
dynamic as far as housing growth," said Paul Siewert with Siewert Construction
and Star Realty in Red Wing.

The housing study noted that Red Wing would need about 1,100 housing units --
combined single- and multi-family dwelling -- built in the next eight to nine
years. At an average price of construction nearing $175,000, that would call for
an influx of roughly $180 million over that time span, Hemmerlin said.

No money, mo' problems

Therein, lies the problem. Money, or the lack thereof, is killing the market in
Red Wing.

For market-rate housing, the current rental market can afford to pay about $700
to $750 a month, Siewert said.

"To justify a new construction build, you'd have to have $1,100 to $1,200 a
month. I don't see the average person in Red Wing able to afford that," he said.

Affordable-rate housing has a similar problem. Apartments -- two bedrooms, one
bath, about 900 square feet -- similarly are not renting at the price that it
would take to build new ones, he said.

The cost barrier has not stopped all construction. Keller & Baartman Properties
has received approval from the city to build a 60-unit apartment building
located on Red Wing Avenue South behind the Walmart. Still, Hemmerlin said,
those 60 units are a small drop in a big bucket of need.

Space for seniors

While money might solve the problem to a certain degree, where that money is
spent is equally important. Hemmerlin noted a lack of senior housing in the
city--- apartments, town homes and other down-sized dwellings that can get older
residents out of their houses.

"Seniors are staying longer and longer in their houses," he said. "They're
staying in their homes as long as they can."

When those seniors moved into their homes, they were middle-class wage earners
with a spouse and kids. But the kids have moved out and, often, one spouse has
passed away. That leaves one retired individual living in a home meant for four
or more people, Hemmerlin said.

"What that means is our population base is aging and declining," he said.

What housing is available is generally older and in need of repair. "Some of
these homes are needing rehabilitation," Hemmerlin said. "We need to come up
with a program to help fund repairs."

With so many factors -- senior housing, low incomes, too few builders, a need
for capital -- conspiring to keep construction numbers down, Siewert said all
the housing studies in the world simply point to the problems. No one, however,
has come up with an answer.

"Umpteen communities are searching for that answer," he said. "I wish I knew."

___ (c)2016 the Post-Bulletin Visit the Post-Bulletin at www.postbulletin.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160902-RC-Lack-of-housing
-frustrates-home-shoppers-in-Red-Wing-0902-20160902

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2016 Post-Bulletin


                             577 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                             April 3, 2014 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Hudson unveils rental building; 120-unit Mews one of a number of projects
opening or in the works

BYLINE: Andrew A. Duffy, Times Colonist

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 632 words


After two serious setbacks, the Hudson Mews apartment building opened its doors
for a sneak peek on Wednesday - and there's already a lineup for the 120 units.

The 2008 economic crisis delayed the project and vandalism last fall caused
$40,000 in damage, which is why Townline Group president Rick Ilich described
the opening as the third chapter in the story of the "Hudson District."

"I guess we've had two false starts here," Ilich said during the event in the
building that faces Fisgard Street between Blanshard and Douglas.

The Mews completion follows the Hudson condominium project within the bones of
the old Hudson's Bay Company building, and establishment of a public market on
its ground floor.

Despite the delays, Ilich is confident the rental building will be full by the
end of August.

"At last count, there were somewhere between 500 and 600 names on a list for 120
homes," he said. Victoria's low vacancy rate also works in the building's
favour, he said.

Colliers' Victoria multifamily residential expert Ken Cloak said the vacancy
rate is about 2.9 per cent.

The 12-storey Mews offers 83 one-bedroom, 600-square-foot suites, with rents
starting at $1,225 per month, and 37 two-bedroom suites that are about 900
square feet, from $1,700 per month.

Victoria Mayor Dean Fortin said a new rental building in the city has been a
long time in coming.

"We're always concerned about housing affordability and making sure the spectrum
is here," Fortin said. While units in the Mews are at the higher end of the
market, he said, "we also recognize that as people flee to quality that adds to
other [available] housing stock and allows people to find affordable housing."

The Mews is part of a wave of new rentals.

Cloak said the time is right for developers to look at purpose-built rental
buildings as low-interest rates mean borrowing remains cheap, construction costs
are reasonable and there are often incentives in the form of tax holidays
offered in some municipalities for building rentals.

Cloak said developers have taken notice, suggesting there could be 1,000 more
units added to the mix in the near future.

"Who knows if all [the proposed projects] go ahead, but at the same time, it
will be a burden on existing inventory," he said, noting that could drive older
buildings to upgrade as tenants move to new suites.

Ilich said Townline had been tempted to build condominiums. "We always
envisioned doing rental within our district, but we moved it to the front burner
as interest rates and costs stabilized at these historic levels."

Ilich isn't worried about the number of condo units being built, many of which
are likely destined for investors who will be looking for renters.

"We feel there are a lot of people that simply don't have the historic low land
costs that we do, so we ... would be quite prepared to continue building out all
rental," he said. If the condo market changes, Townline can change plans, he
said, "but we are comfortable with the flexible, mixed-use concept we have."

Townline's next project - Hudson Walk - will be built across Herald Street in
place of the now-abandoned Radius project. Ilich said Townline will go to the
city for a development permit for that site in the next few weeks.

"We have permits already but this will be a bit of a variance on what was
previously approved," he said, noting it will comprise a mix of rental,
condominium and retail space. Once that project is underway, Townline will focus
on completing the Hudson District.

Plans for that final phase, called Hudson Place and likely to be completed in
the next five to six years, are still in flux.

"You have to react to the marketplace," Ilich said. "And we have the ability in
our final phases to accommodate office, retail, rental and market condos," he
said.

aduffy@timescolonist.com

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Adrian Lam, Times Colonist; Townline opened the new Hudson Mews rental
building for a sneak-peek tour Wednesday.;;  Source: Colliers International,
Greater Victoria multi-family residential report;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Times Colonist
                              All Rights Reserved


                             578 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                             January 1, 2010 Friday

$6 million boost from Army should help soldiers afford homes

BYLINE: By Chris Roberts / El Paso Times

SECTION: ZONES

LENGTH: 841 words


FORT BLISS -- Starting today, the Defense Department is giving troops more money
for rent and mortgage payments. In El Paso, the increase is not expected to have
a significant impact on the housing market, according to local experts.

"It looks to me like it's in line with market trends," said Kathy Dodson, city
of El Paso director of economic development. "I think it's status quo."

Nationally, the average increase in the basic allowance for housing is 2.5
percent. Around Fort Bliss, however, soldiers will see an average boost of about
5 percent, said post spokeswoman Jean Offutt. That amount will nearly offset
rent increases in the region, Dodson said.

For the 12-month period ended in March 2009, rents in El Paso increased 5.5
percent, Dodson said. Those are the most recent statistics available, she said.

The increase would put an estimated $6 million into rents and mortgages locally,
Offutt said. However, about $1.8 million of that would go to contractors who
provide family housing on post. Some of those on-post dollars flow back to the
community in local contracts for maintenance and road repair, Offutt said.

"It means soldiers can afford more of a house," said Maj. Gen. Howard Bromberg,
the post commander. "It also will help builders."

A sergeant with dependents will receive $972 a month, compared with $917 last
year.

Fort Bliss now has about 22,000 soldiers and is expected to grow to 34,000 by
2013. Bromberg said about 6,000 homes would be built on post. An additional
19,000 will be required in the city and surrounding area, he added.

City statistics indicate there will be a 6,000- to 8,000-unit shortage in
affordable multi-family housing by 2012, said Ray Adauto, executive vice
president of the El Paso Association of Builders. Some of that demand is being
created by the new Texas Tech University medical school and the natural growth
of the city. About 3,000 units will be required for soldiers, Bromberg said.

An improving economy and a tax abatement package recently approved by the city
is pulling builders back who had said they might not build their projects,
Bromberg said.

"I feel confident we're going to be able to meet the housing needs," Bromberg
said. "We would have been there easily if not for the bad economic situation."

A larger increase in the military housing allowance probably would have resulted
in more units being built, Dodson said. But there also could be unintended
consequences. A large increase could push rental rates higher, pricing some El
Paso residents out of the market, she said.

El Paso already ranks last in the southern states in affordability of housing,
according to a study done by the National Association of Home Builders and Wells
Fargo. According to the Housing Opportunity Index, in the third quarter of 2009
only 46.8 percent of the city's homes were affordable for people making the
median income of $39,700. The city ranked 216th nationally out of 227 cities and
metropolitan areas included in the study.

Higher rental rates would help local builders.

"It's hard to make multi-family units work," said Greg Bowling, vice president
of Tropicana Properties, which builds and operates such units in El Paso.

Bowling said banks can limit the amount of a loan based on how much rent can be
charged.

"Sometimes it's tough to build it for that price," he said. "An increase in the
(housing allowance) increases the amount you can charge."

Right now, financing is hard to secure for just about any project, Adauto said,
but multi-family units are particularly difficult. Renters are transient, making
profitability unpredictable, he said. Throw in the nature of a military
community, and the problem is magnified.

"If there's a deployment," he said, "those apartments are going to be sitting
empty."

Bowling added that the law requires property owners to let soldiers out of
leases if they are deployed.

"The (Defense Department), the city and the state should get together to
guarantee some loan packages," Adauto said. "That would give lending
institutions something besides the faith and credit of that contractor."

Another complication is that most of the soldiers are expected to arrive by
2011, Dodson said. Adauto cautioned that it takes six to 18 months to get the
required permits before builders can break ground.

Chris Roberts may be reached at chrisr@elpasotimes.com; 546-6136.


Housing boost
Basics on the Department of Defense Basic Allowance for Housing, which goes into
effect today:

     ·    National rate increases by an average of 2.5 percent.Local rate
          increases by an average of 5 percent.The largest increase was 15
          percent for soldiers with the rank of staff sergeant or chief warrant
          officer 2.Soldiers with the rank of lieutenant colonel, colonel,
          brigadier general and major general will see a decrease of 2
          percent.Soldiers, from privates to sergeants, who make up the
          majority, received increases between 4 percent and 6 percent. However,
          single soldiers below the rank of sergeant generally stay in barracks
          on post and do not receive a housing allowance.Source: Fort Bliss.


LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             579 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 March 2, 1998

Pennsylvania HFA Bonds Provide $ 75 Million in Below-Market Loans

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 208 words

DATELINE: Harrisburg, PA


Pennsylvania's low- and moderate-income first-time homebuyers will benefit from
$ 75 million in below-market rate mortgages provided as a result of bonds issued
by the Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency.

As part of the transaction, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh purchased $
15 million in taxable bonds that, along with the tax-exempt portion of the
series, result in a blended rate that is lower than conventional mortgages, and
a larger pool of funds for homebuyers.

"It was a three-tiered transaction in which $ 7 million will be borrowed at 5%,
$ 25 million at 6.55%, $ 40 million at 6.8% and $ 3 million will be used to
refinance prior bond issuances," said Scott Beers, who is the Federal Home Loan
Bank of Pittsburgh's director of special mission-related projects.  "Most of the
bond proceeds have been pre-committed."

The average mortgage in the PHFA's first-time homebuyer program last year was $
58,574.  Based on this average, 1,280 families are expected to benefit from the
bond issue, including 256 directly from the Home Loan Bank's $ 15 million
investment.

The Federal Home Loan Bank purchased $ 11 million of the PHFA's multi-family
bonds for 400 affordable rental apartments in 23 developments last year.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1998 Faulkner & Gray


                             580 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2014 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                            WMI - Business Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                               February 20, 2014

                          The Related Companies, L.P.

                            39 BURGESS ROAD E15 2AD
                                 United Kingdom

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

COMPANY OVERVIEW


   The Related Companies, L.P. (Related) is a real estate development and
management company. It also provides real estate financing. The company
develops, acquires, manages, finances, and sells real estate properties. Its
property portfolio includes luxury condominiums, multifamily apartments, mixed
use, hotel, office, retail, single family homes, and senior housing properties.
Its businesses include operating portfolio, real estate development, real estate
fund management, housing, advisory services, property management, and sale and
marketing. Related 's properties include 1214 Fifth Avenue, The Century, 1 MiMA
tower, 225 Rector Place, Hudson Yards, Time Warner Center, 500 North Lake Shore
Drive, The Paramount, Mima and Lion Creek Crossing, among others. The company
has offices in New York, Boston, Chicago, Las Vegas, California, Florida, Middle
East, China and Aspen Snowmass. Related is headquartered in New York, the US.


BUSINESS DESCRIPTION:



The Related Companies, L.P. (Related) is a real estate development and
management company. The company develops, acquires, manages, finances, and sells
real estate properties. Its property portfolio includes luxury condominiums,
multifamily apartments, mixed use, hotel, office, retail, single family homes,
and senior housing properties. Related's businesses include operating portfolio,
real estate development, real estate fund management, housing, advisory
services, property management, and sale and marketing.

The company owns and operates a premier portfolio of quality assets valued at
over $15 billion, consisting of a diversified mix of real estate properties. Its
operating portfolio includes 19 luxury rental buildings with approximately 4,700
units, 18 retail assets totaling more than 3.5 million square feet, and
approximately 13,000 affordable housing apartments located throughout the US.
Related's operating assets also include over 5 million square feet of office and
trade show space.

The company through its development division offers multi-family properties to
the multi-faceted Time Warner Center. In the Real Estate Fund Management, it
caters to in-house team and third party investors. Related has managed various
funds for both public and private organizations. The fund management platform
concentrates on three areas such as distressed real estate opportunities,
acquisition and origination of construction loans and multi-family housing and
retail opportunities. The company provides advisory services to third party
clients in the areas of construction, development, operations, disposition,
acquisition, marketing and sales.

It provides advisory services to third party clients in the areas of
development, construction, operations, acquisition, disposition, marketing and
sales. In International activities, Related is pursuing select ground-up
development opportunities and provides advisory services to partner entities in
the China, Middle East and Brazil. In the Middle East region, the company is
pursuing destination real estate developments through a partnership with Gulf
Capital. Gulf Related, its Abu Dhabi based joint venture, in partnership with
Mubadala Real Estate & Hospitality (MREH), is developing and leasing the retail
and dining component at Sowwah Square.

Related develops, acquires and preserves housing for Affordable Housing
division. The company has acquired or developed more than 23,000 affordable
housing units with a total value of approximately $3.5 billion. It has around
7,000 units under contract or under development throughout the country with a
value in excess of $1.5 billion.

Related manages the developed properties. The company provides property
management services to all of its mixed-use, residential, retail and commercial
properties, including more than 31,000 apartments within 175 properties, and
more than six million square feet of commercial, retail and mixed-use space.
Some of its properties include 1214 Fifth Avenue, The Century, 1 MiMA tower, 225
Rector Place, Hudson Yards, Time Warner Center, 500 North Lake Shore Drive, The
Paramount, Mima and Lion Creek Crossing, among others.

Related through its sales and marketing team market and sell its luxury
developments. The company provides its customers a seamless experience from
their initial inquiry about a property to their closing and residency. It has
offices in New York, Boston, Chicago, Las Vegas, California, Florida, Middle
East, China and Aspen Snowmass.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *










LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014


                             581 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           November 9, 2013 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

ALLIED DRIVE REVIVAL MOVES TO NEXT PHASE;
OFFICIALS HOPE NEW SINGLE-FAMILY, OWNER-OCCUPIED HOMES WILL GIVE THE AREA A
"REGULAR NEIGHBORHOOD" FEEL.

BYLINE:  DEAN MOSIMAN , Wisconsin State Journal , dmosiman@madison.com ,
608-252-6141

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 707 words


After years of anticipation, Madison is preparing to build the first
single-family homes on Allied Drive.

The city's Community Development Authority, which built 48 rental units in the
heart of the once-notorious neighborhood in 2009, is now poised to develop 25
single-family, owner-occupied homes on the street.

The CDA is seeking qualifications from builders and starting to market lots with
the intent of securing city approvals in January and breaking ground on the
first homes in the spring.

The intent is to make many of the high-quality homes available to people with
lower incomes with others for sale at market prices, city officials said.

"We really listened to the neighborhood," said CDA project manager Matt Wachter.
"There's a strong desire to increase owner-occupancy to help stabilize and help
people stay in the neighborhood. It's high-quality, energy-efficient housing."

Barry Hayes, treasurer of the Allied Dunn's Marsh neighborhood Association, said
the single-family homes "will give Allied Drive more of a neighborhood kind of
feel, that this is a regular neighborhood."

The project would mark another step in an impressive turnaround.

In 2006, problems peaked and Allied Drive fell into chaos as apartment buildings
deteriorated and drug dealers and other criminals preyed on residents. That
spring, the city spent

$4.35 million to buy nine worn buildings with 129 apartments on an 11.5 -acre
site in the core of the neighborhood.

Then, the city and CDA worked with residents to develop a vision for the site,
which was cleared.

The $9.2 million first phase, called Revival Ridge, has five buildings with 48
low-income units, the majority tied to federal Section 8 low-income housing
vouchers.

It includes an interior street system with roads named after the late city
activist Eugene Parks and others.

The rental apartments are full with a waiting list, Wachter said.

The neighborhood still has some problems, but since Revival Ridge opened, "the
climate is much improved," Hayes said. "It's tremendously better."

The CDA envisioned next developing owner-occupied condominiums next to Revival
Ridge, but the recession and market conditions caused a delay.

As the economy and housing market improved, the CDA decided to develop
single-family homes on 2.5 acres on the south side of the property, Wachter
said. A remaining 1.55 acres will be held for future development, he said.

The single-family home designs by Destree Architects are intended to give
prospective buyers a simple, quick and affordable construction, the CDA's
proposed development plan says.

The housing mix includes one-story homes with two bedrooms and two-story homes
with three or four bedrooms. The homes would be Wisconsin Green Built Certified,
and prototypes have front porches with garages in the back.

The homes will cost an estimated $185,000 to $225,000 to build, including the
price of land.

The concern, Hayes said, is whether the homes will be affordable to residents.

The proposed affordability plan would have one-third of the houses available for
those making up to 50 percent of the area median income (AMI), or $40,450 for a
family of four; a third available to those making up to 80 percent of AMI, or
$64,400 for that family.

The rest would be for sale at a market rate, Wachter said.

To achieve targets, the CDA is working with design and development partners to
reduce construction costs and with city agencies to secure funds through
existing homebuyer programs to reduce a buyer's down payment and mortgage to
afford- able levels, the development plan says.

An additional subsidy will be offered to buyers below 80 percent of AMI, it
says. The CDA is also working with others to try to reduce costs.

Marketing will focus initially on current neighborhood residents, then on
minority and low-income communities throughout the city, and then the general
public.

The CDA has already contracted with Greenpath, a firm specializing in homebuyer
education and credit counseling, to create a screening process for prospective
buyers. Those with a challenging credit history will be invited to attend an
intensive, yearlong program to build their credit in order to secure financing.

"This is going to be good for the neighborhood, very, very good," Hayes said.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos by JOHN HART ? State Journal Barry Hayes, Allied Dunn's Marsh
Neighborhood Association treasurer, walks through vacant property that will soon
contain single-family homes. The city's Community Development Authority has
offered a development plan for the homes now under review by city committees.
The Revival Ridge multi-family residences, completed in 2009, were the first
phase of a city Community Development Authority redevelopment in the Allied
Drive neighborhood.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             582 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                            February 20, 2006 Monday

Townhome project up for council vote today;
The Mission Viejo project would accommodate 22 low-income households.

BYLINE: By MARIA HSIN , THE ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 465 words

DATELINE: MISSION VIEJO


The city could come closer to meeting its low-income housing requirement if
Aliso Ridge receives City Council approval today.

The 23-acre venture at Los Alisos Boulevard and Jeronimo Road includes 140
townhomes and a Target. Twenty-two one-bedroom homes are set aside for sale to
low- and very-low-income households.

Steadfast Investment Properties and Target Corp. partnered to develop the plan.

Approval still would leave the city short 94 affordable homes. Also at issue is
whether redevelopment funds will be put toward Aliso Ridge and another project,
The Townhomes on Los Alisos, where a Kmart once stood.

The 250-unit Townhomes on Los Alisos won council approval in September and 38
one-bedroom, for-sale homes are designated for affordable housing.

About $7 million is needed in redevelopment money to build the affordable units
for the Townhomes on Los Alisos alone, said Peter Whittingham, spokesman for
developer UDR/Pacific. The city has about $3 million in its fund.

``With for-sale units, the city has money for about 20,'' Councilman Frank Ury
said.

Together, the developments offer 60 low-income homes.

Based on financial and legal advice, the most realistic solution calls for
``modest apartments'' with market-rate and affordable units, Ury said.

Mayor Lance MacLean said it was not likely the developers would pay fees to the
city for future low-income housing instead of building the afford- able homes.

The Public Law Center has monitored the city's actions. It does not support
either development because they fail to house large families, the center said.
Another concern is the city's failure to identify another location for the
affordable-homes shortfall.

(949) 454-7363 or mhsin@ocregister.com

Meeting time

The 6 p.m. meeting is at City Hall, 200 Civic Center, across from the library,
at La Paz Road and Marguerite Parkway.

Timeline: Aliso Ridge

February 2004 -- A plan for 99 single-family homes and 168 multi-family,
low-income apartments by Steadfast Investment Properties was denied by the
Planning Commission.

March 2004 -- Steadfast proposed 97 single-family homes and 154 multi-family,
low-income rental units. That would have met the city's need for 154 such homes.

April 2004 -- The City Council took no action on the development, instead
focusing on how the city could get back into compliance with state law. The
developer withdrew its application shortly after that, according to city
documents.

December 2004 -- Steadfast and Target Corp. submitted a new plan with townhomes
and a 140,000- square-foot Target.

Dec. 12, 2005 -- Planning and transportation commissioners began reviewing that
plan.

Jan. 9, 2006 -- Commissioners continued their review and voted 3-1 to recommend
approval to the council.

Feb. 20, 2006 -- The City Council is scheduled to review the development.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Orange County Register


                             583 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                           February 12, 2011 Saturday
                                 First Edition

City investors 'could solve Welsh housing market crisis';
LARGE SCALE INVESTMENT TO PROVIDE A 'LONG-TERM RENTING SOLUTION'

BYLINE: ALED BLAKE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 705 words


WALES' housing crisis could be solved by encouraging City investors into the
private rental sector, a property group is suggesting.

Schemes such as wholesale purchase of council tax and utilities bills at a
discount could be offered in all-inclusive deals for tenants, under the
proposals.

According to the Cardiff office of international firm BNP Paribas Real Estate,
there is a need to involve institutional investment from cash-rich City
institutions.

The firm says that moving to encourage such bodies into the private rental
sector could plug the gap created by the deepening housing crisis.

Latest figures suggest that mortgage approvals have fallen and lending
restrictions remain tight.

For many first-time buyers, borrowing or being given money by parents is the
only real way of gaining a foothold in the property market. And for many, even
this is becoming a limited prospect in the face of deepening cuts.

The private rented sector is something that remains a reality for swathes of
people in their 20s and 30s - with the average first-time buyer now aged around
37.

Mike Rees, senior director at BNP Paribas in Cardiff, said: "According to a
recent report produced by the Assembly Government, an additional 284,000 homes
are required in Wales between 2006 and 2026.

"With take-up in the owner-occupier sector at an all time low, coupled with a
paucity of mortgage finance, the opportunity for the rented sector becomes
self-evident.

"However, unlike the Continent, private renting is not the norm and has lacked
the same level of protection, and as such, has suffered something of a
'tarnished reputation'.

"By legislating the sector and allowing large-scale investors in the form of
real estate investment trusts or other investment fund models to enter the
market, there is the opportunity to change this and provide a long-term renting
solution for occupants."

BNP Paribas Real Estate found that this kind of renting model would be most
active in places such as Cardiff and Swansea, where there is a large supply of
young professionals who do not qualify for affordable or social housing and are
not ready or able to get onto the housing ladder.

The current situation provides very little regulation and security for tenants
and landlords, especially for the longterm, said BNP Paribas.

Mr Rees said: "Encouraging funds to enter this market would create a new
investment class providing secure income streams and funding for developments.

"Ideally, there is also the need to create a new planning use class to
differentiate this property use and maintain affordable criteria, as is
available in the US where this type of property is listed as 'multi family' use
class.

"This new development would mean that private renting could be concentrated in
purpose-built accommodation that could be managed on a macro scale by an
in-house management scheme; a service that would be inclusive in the rent.

"Obviously there are a number of ways that these properties could be asset
managed to maximise return. Some measures would be stricter credit checks for
potential tenants and minimum leases of three years; although there would need
to be changes in legislation to allow fair security of tenure to tenants but not
onerous terms on landlords."

As well as the wholesale discounting of utilities and council tax, such schemes
might also provide added extras for tenants wanting more out of their rent.

Mr Rees added: "Additional services to compliment the basics including storage,
parking, preferred employee incentives, internet access and car servicing are
also options.

"A professional and efficient service could be delivered through technology-
enabled systems to deal with all administrative issues to offer the highest
value to both investors and residents."

RENTAL DEMAND MORE than four people were chasing every rental property available
in the final quarter of last year as demand from potential tenants remained
high.

The UK's biggest letting agent Countrywide said it had an average of 4.4 tenants
vying for every house available to rent during the three months. It said the
number of people looking to rent a home rose by 14% in the final quarter,
compared with the same period of 2009.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Encouraging City investors into the private rental market could solve
Wales' housing crisis, according to an international property group

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: wm


                    Copyright 2011 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             584 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                           October 17, 2015 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Federal action needed on housing; Foreign investors: Funding and taxation
regulations - even criminal laws - must be addressed

BYLINE: Elizabeth Murphy, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: WEEKEND REVIEW; Pg. G4

LENGTH: 820 words


Although civic infrastructure has become a federal election issue, housing has
not had the debate it deserves. The federal government has a significant role to
play in housing affordability; in funding of social housing and other housing
programs; in tax relief as an incentive to the private sector; and in regulating
immigration and investment.

Funding of social and other housing programs: Only about seven per cent of the
tax base goes to cities even though their citizens are primary contributors to
the GDP. The federal government had a primary role in housing programs until the
early 1990s, when they cancelled the CMHC programs.

Social and co-op housing programs made economic sense. Rather than providing a
public subsidy to slumlords, public funds went to pay off financing that
eventually resulted in publicly owned assets, creating stable home environments
for families and the most vulnerable in society while investing in the future.
Considering reduced social impacts such as lower demand on health and judicial
services this is a bargain.

With the increasing economic stress to lower income citizens, it is critical
that Ottawa restores funding for both subsidies on properties where current
housing agreements are now expiring, and also reinstates federal housing
programs.

Taxation as incentive for the private housing sector: Taxation policy can be a
powerful tool to incentivize both rental and ownership options.

A key principle of housing affordability is stability. The longer people own or
live in a property, the more affordable it is and the more it creates resiliency
through community support. However, current tax policies do not support this
principle.

Many current income tax policies discourage the ownership of rentals. Rental
income is treated for tax purposes as passive investment income - taxed at a
higher rate than "active" income such as development - creating a disadvantage
for rental building owners.

There should be income tax advantages to owning rental buildings and the longer
the time frame the better. Generally, the longer a rental building is owned, the
more likely that the mortgage will be paid off and there will be less pressure
for owners to increase rents while allowing more income for maintenance. Each
time a building is sold, the new owner must raise financing - in turn creating
upward pressure on rents. Long term ownership should be incentivized through tax
policy.

Older buildings are also more affordable to rent or purchase than new
construction by 25 to 50 per cent. So tax policies need to incentivize their
retention and upgrade, especially those with character and heritage value.

Since land use policies often include incentives for retention of character or
heritage homes to have additional secondary units or infill, the current tax
impediments should be removed. By allowing capital gains tax exemptions for
principal residences with multi-family conversion dwellings (MCDs) and infill,
it makes MCDs and infill more attractive.

It would mean that those who otherwise would reject adding secondary rental
units if it resulted in losing their principal residence status, may consider
adding rentals if exempted.

Immigration and investment regulations: The federal government has a

key role in addressing foreign or immigrant investment issues and the
affordability crisis, particularly in Vancouver and Toronto. Denying there is a
link between foreign investment and affordability evades responsibility. Recent
real estate reports reveal about 70 per cent of sales above $3 million are from
foreign investment, which must be affecting the overall market. As one group is
priced out they move to another area, creating a domino effect of gentrification
and inflation.

So, has the immigrant investor program been unsuccessful, should it be cancelled
or restrictions put on foreign or immigrant investment in real estate?
Australian limits on foreign investment to only new construction or properties
to be demolished for new development, won't likely work here. In Vancouver, this
would only ensure that older more affordable properties are demolished, part of
what is driving the current crisis.

It has been reported that many people purchasing multi-million dollar properties
declare low incomes for income tax purposes. Only those reporting worldwide
family income should qualify for capital gains tax exemptions on a principal
residence. This ought to be aggressively enforced.

Our system is lax on money laundering, further separating real estate prices
from the local economy. Perhaps existing laws that could address this, in
particular proceeds of crime legislation, should be a priority.

Elizabeth Murphy is a private sector project manager and was formerly a property
development officer for the City of Vancouver's Housing Properties Department
and for BC Housing. info@elizabethmurphy.ca !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network
Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / The federal government has a role to play in housing, especially in a
market like Vancouver.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Vancouver Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                             585 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Florida Keys Keynoter (Marathon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                             July 15, 2006 Saturday

Council: One ROGO permit only: Builder hoped for more homes in Coco Plum

BYLINE: David Ball, Florida Keys Keynoter, Marathon

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 776 words


Jul. 15--The Marathon City Council on Tuesday took the following actions:

-- Directed staff to find a compromise with a landowner applying for vested
building rights and a beneficial-use determination for 19 lots in the Coco Plum
Beach subdivision.

Previously, Special Master Thomas Wright recommended the city grant the
applicant one residential building permit allocation for development on a
separate, less environmentally sensitive lot, and that the 19 lots, which are
mostly covered in wetlands, be given to the city for preservation.

The council disagreed, saying the applicant should be able to build one unit on
the upland portion of his property and keep ownership of the remaining lots,
which are worth up to two points in the rate-of-growth ordinance permitting
system.

Planning staff said the lots could be sold for up to $40,000 each. A resolution
will be brought back at the next council meeting.

-- Approved amendments to the city's comprehensive plan that include: allowing
affordable housing in the industrial and public use zoning categories; changing
the density restrictions from floor area ratio to lot coverage; clarifying that
the city has established a land acquisition and conservation advisory committee;
modifying the shoreline setbacks for smaller lots, which mirrors the county's
policy; and adding polices to stop direct stormwater discharge into nearshore
waters.

-- Tabled a comp plan amendment to set a cap on the number of vacation rentals
licensed in the city to 450. The council agreed to address specifics on vacation
rentals in the land development regulations currently being drafted.

-- Approved the development of a 3,300-square-foot commercial office building at
a lot along U.S. 1 next to the International House of Pancakes near mile marker
50.5. The applicant intends to house offices for a landscaping company in the
building.

-- Approved a future land-use map change from residential medium and residential
low to mixed-use commercial for 13 properties recently purchased by owners of
Coconut Cay Resort. The property is located in between the resort's current
properties along Aviation Boulevard.

-- Approved a future land-use map change from residential medium to mixed use
commercial for property at 221 22nd Street gulfside near mile marker 48.

According to the staff report, the property currently consists of multi-family
and single-family units used as vacation rentals.

-- Directed staff to write a letter of understanding with owners of the Sea Cove
Motel and Marina near mile marker 54 stating the owners can redevelop 18 units
with providing four affordable housing units.

Representatives of owner IGPG Food and Services Corp., came before the council
in April to determine how many units they could redevelop. Eleven are currently
located on land, seven exist as floating structures and six more once existed
but were destroyed by Hurricane Georges in 1998.

-- Approved modifying city code regarding boats, docks and waterways to
"regulate activities within city waters to promote water quality, quality of
life and manage the economic impact of the use of city waters," according to the
ordinance.

-- Approved an appeal by David Addison and Carolyn Gautreaux to the city
granting of a liquor license for the Marathon Publix. The council approved the
appeal, which denied the liquor license, at the last council meeting.

-- Approved a modification to a development agreement with Marathon Hotel
Partnership LLC for the redevelopment of Key Colony Bay Hotel. Owners wish to
expand the square-footage of the proposed two-bedroom suites from 1,200 to
1,500, which is allowed by city code. Councilman Jeff Pinkus recused himself,
citing employment conflicts with Marathon Hotel Partnership.

-- Approved a development agreement for the Sea Dell Motel at 5000 Overseas
Highway near mile marker 50. Owners plan to redevelop the 21-unit motel into 18
two-bedroom units.

-- Approved an agreement with Chen and Associates for $30,920 to update the
stormwater tax roll with the Monroe County Tax Collector's Office and file the
annual Florida Department of Environmental Protection report tracking the
progress required under permit.

-- Approved a contract with Pedro Falcon Electrical Contractors for $310,412 for
improvements at Coco Plum Beach and a budgeted purchase of a composting toilet
system for $43,450.

Copyright (c) 2006, Florida Keys Keynoter, Marathon Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060715-FK-0715-Council-One-ROGO-permit-only

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FK


                      Copyright 2006 Florida Keys Keynoter


                             586 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 18, 2014 Thursday

Site Manager - Senior Housing Complex

LENGTH: 501  words

DATELINE: Arlington


National Defense Industrial Association has issued the following job release:


Job Summary

Company
    Adecco Direct Placement.[#x200b]
Location
    Parsippany, NJ 07054
Industries
    Real Estate/[#x200b]Property Management
Job Type
    Employee
Years of Experience
    2+[#x200b] to 5 Years
Education Level
    High School or equivalent
Career Level
    Manager (Manager/[#x200b]Supervisor of Staff)
Job Reference Code
    128751
Contact Information
    Madeleine Felion
    Adecco Direct Placement.[#x200b]

Site Manager - Senior Housing Complex
About the Job
.[#x200b]
Adecco Direct Placement is recruiting for a Direct Hire Site Manager Job in
Parsippany, NJ for our client, an affordable housing property management firm
specializing in subsidized multi-family housing.[#x200b] The site manager will
be expected to follow the company management philosophy of community,
stewardship and professionalism as they manage the daily operations of a housing
complex for senior citizens, age 62+[#x200b] that is centrally located in
Parsippany.[#x200b] We seek candidates for this position that have previous
subsidized housing operations management experience, particularly with senior
citizens.[#x200b] This position is open due to a retirement and offers a salary
between $55,000 and $65,000 per year in addition to a full benefit package that
includes 100%[#x200b] paid medical for the associate, as well as other benefits
including 401K, holidays and vacation.[#x200b] This position is a Monday through
Friday work week.[#x200b]
Responsibilities for the Site Manager job in Parsippany, NJ:
Daily operations of the housing complex in compliance with government
regulations.[#x200b]
Oversee the property staff and administration
Manage the maintenance and upkeep of the property and units.[#x200b]
Manage the occupancy and fiscal duties of the complex.[#x200b]
Provide excellent customer service to all residents
Able to build relationships with outside agencies
Qualifications:
Previous experience in property management of 2-5 years.[#x200b] Experience
working with subsidized housing and seniors is a plus.[#x200b]
Experience with Property Management systems such as One Site, Cornerstone, or
other.[#x200b] Experience with One Site is a plus!
Excellent relationship building experience and customer service skills.[#x200b]
Able to respond to residents promptly to resolve issues.[#x200b]
If you would like to apply for this position, please click APPLY NOW and upload
your resume or e-mail it to our recruiter, Madeleine Felion, at
madeleine.[#x200b]felion@[#x200b]adeccona.[#x200b]com with SITE Manger on the
Subject Line.[#x200b] You many e-mail if you have any questions or call
814-844-6976.[#x200b]
The Adecco Group is a Fortune Global 500 company and the global leader in Human
Resource Solutions.[#x200b] Our group connects over 700,000 associates with our
business clients each day through our 6,600 offices in over 70 countries and
territories around the world.[#x200b] We offer employment opportunities at any
stage in your Professional Career.[#x200b] For great opportunities near you, go
to www.[#x200b]adeccousa.[#x200b]com today!

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             587 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                              NeighborWorks Umpqua

                               605 SE Kane Street
                              Roseburg,  OR 97470
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (541) 673-4909
URL: www.nwumpqua.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 35

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   NeighborWorks Umpqua is a private rural 501(c)(3) organization established in
1991 to develop affordable housing for low and moderate income residents in
Douglas County Oregon.  We began as Umpqua Community Development Corporation,
with the development of the first affordable multi-family rental housing complex
in nearly 20 years. In 1999, we added community-based economic development to
our mission. In addition, we expanded our service area to include Coos and Curry
counties.  In our 20+ years, we have met the housing and economic goals by
creating five major business lines which overlap:   Affordable Housing
Development Education, Training, and Homeowner Assistance Economic Development
Community Development Asset and Property Management   For example, our
Microenterprise Development program and our own non-profit based business,
Heartwood ReSources, fall under Economic Development. NeighborWorks Umpqua is a
dynamic, flexible organization that seizes opportunities to meet changing local
needs.  We are a Charter Member of NeighborWorks America. NeighborWorks provides
technical and support services, competitive grants and other financial
assistance, training institutes, scholarships for training and events, and much
more.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             588 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 April 18, 1994

NAHB Sees Modest Increase in Multi Starts

BYLINE: LEW SICHELMAN

SECTION: MULTIFAMILY MORTGAGES; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 636 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


The National Association of Home Builders is predicting a modest 37,000-unit
increase in multifamily housing starts this year, virtually all to be financed
by low-income housing tax credits.

It won't be until 1995, when occupancy rates are high enough to start driving up
rents, that market-rate apartments and for-sale condominiums once again begin to
make sense, says NAHB economist Michael Carliner.

But if activity at last week's Multi Housing World conference here is any
indication, builders and lenders may not wait.

Virtually every session even remotely tied to financing was heavily attended,
some so crowded that attendees spilled out into the halls.

And more than 50 lenders gathered for a half-day Multi-family Finance
Marketplace, where they met one-on-one with builders and developers looking for
funding, either now or in the immediate future.

But not everyone here was as optimistic, and several speakers voiced words of
caution.

"It's a little scary," said Jonathan Kempner, executive vice president of the
Multi-Housing Council.  "Sometimes when something seems too good to be true, it
is."

"This is the most upbeat multi-housing conference in years, but demand is still
limited," wanted NAHB executive vice president Kent Colton.

"The demographics (supporting apartment construction) are not unbounded, so
builders must be careful not to repeat the mistakes" they made several years ago
when financing drove the apartment sector.

"Everybody thinks the multifamily sector is hot," agreed Richard Martinez,
director of multifamily housing in the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp.'s North
Central region.

"But our view is that it's muddled at best.  Some markets are better, but most
are not."

While Freddie Mac, which completed its return to multifamily lending late last
year after "a brief respite," is "cautiously optimistic" that the apartment
market will eventually turn around, Mr. Martinez said that right now, "we don't
think the underlying fundamentals are that strong.

Noting that lenders in Chicago are currently trying to outbid one another for
deals, he added that local enthusiasm is driven more by "relaxed lending
disciplines than by solid improvement in operating results."

Such a scenario has proven to be a prescription for disaster before.  But
several lenders said they plan to enter the field nonetheless.

"Commercial banks are clearly back in the business," said Ione Vomvouras of
Chemical Bank, N.Y., which recently formed a commercial mortgage banking
subsidiary to create, package, warehouse, sell and service standardized loans
for small and medium properties.

If commercial banks are in the forefront, then insurance companies are not far
behind, said David Twardock of the Prudential Mortgage Corp., remarking that he
"never dreamed this many people would show up to a hear a panel of lenders on a
Saturday morning."

Life companies "will once again be net providers of funds," Mr. Twardock said,
"if not in 1994, then certainly in 1995."

And savings and loans are far from pushing up the rear, added John Koch,
executive vice president of Charter One Bank, a $ 5 billion savings bank with
100 branches in Cleveland and other Northern Ohio cities.

"The thrift industry is back and we're lending money," Mr. Koch said.

"Now that the refi business has faded," the 2,000 or so thrifts which have
survived "are all looking elsewhere, and they're all saying the same things: 'We
were the experts before and now we're back."

As for his own institution, the Charter One executive said he is willing to make
interest-only construction loans for up to 60 months and then roll the loan over
"pretty effortlessly" into permanent financing.

The savings bank will even lend to borrowers who have defaulted on previous
loans -- or gone into foreclosure.

LOAD-DATE: May 05, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             589 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Clover Herald (South Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 27, 2010 Friday

BRIEF: Energy upgrades for low-income housing get boost

BYLINE: The Daily Progress, Charlottesville, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 243 words


Aug. 27--The Charlottesville-based Local Energy Alliance Program has been
awarded $1.9 million to improve the energy and water efficiency of low-income,
multi-family housing in this area and in Hampton Roads.

LEAP will work in partnership with the Green Jobs Alliance, based in Hampton
Roads, to provide landlords with investment-grade audits, contracting and
financing options, as well as run a tenant engagement program to demonstrate
other possible efficiency measures that can be taken in their residences. The
program is expected to launch in early 2011.

The grant was given by the U.S. Department of Energy and is part of nearly $7.5
million awarded to multiple entities in Virginia that work to improve energy
efficiency.

LEAP is a nonprofit that was launched to coordinate energy efficiency
initiatives among residents, businesses and government. Interested landlords of
multi-family, low-income housing units should contact LEAP at info@leap-va.org
or at 227-4666 to get more information.

To see more of The Daily Progress or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dailyprogress.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Daily Progress,
Charlottesville, Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100827-CV-BRF-Energy-upgrades-for-low-income-housing
-get-boost-0827-20100827

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CV


               Copyright 2010 The Clover Herald (South Carolina)


                             590 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 29, 2016 Friday

MSHDA Board passes resolution to refinance debt, expects to realize close to $20
million in savings

LENGTH: 252  words

DATELINE: New York



 Lansing:The Michigan State Housing Development Authority has issued the
following press release:



 The Michigan State Housing Development Authority Board approved the issuance of
$305.1 million of Rental Housing Revenue Bonds on Wednesday that will have a
dramatic impact on the Authority's future bottom line and affordable housing in
Michigan, Executive Director Kevin Elsenheimer said.





 A portion of the bond proceeds will be used to finance nine multi-family
developments in an amount of about $75 million. The majority of the remaining
proceeds will be used to refund previously issued MSHDA debt.



 "Issuing new debt in the current low interest rate environment allows MSHDA to
replace higher rate debt, creating a cash savings of approximately $19.9
million," MSHDA Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey Sykes said. "This cash savings
equates to a present value of approximately $11.2 million."



 "Just like people taking advantage of low rates to refinance their homes, MSHDA
is taking advantage of its strong balance sheet and the low-rate environment to
improve its bottom line," Elsenheimer added.



 The new mortgage loans and interest rate savings will help MSHDA better meet
its strategic goals.



 "This board's actions will help provide long-term stability for MSHDA's mission
of providing low-income housing opportunities for people in the state," MSHDA
Board Chairman Steve Arwood said.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             591 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 4, 2014 Friday

Maryland: LOAN/INSURANCE UNDERWRITER LEAD/ADVANCED, MULTI-FAMILY [069848]
Recruitment #14-001734-001

LENGTH: 850  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


State of Maryland has issued the following job vacancy:

LOAN/INSURANCE UNDERWRITER LEAD/ADVANCED, MULTI-FAMILY [069848]

Reporting Manager/Transitional Housing Underwriter

Recruitment #14-001734-001
Date Opened  4/3/2014 11:59:00 PM
Filing Deadline  4/17/2014 11:59:00 PM
Salary  $48,920.00 - $78,507.00/year (State Salary Guidelines apply)
Employment Type  Full-Time
HR Analyst  Amy Kipersztok
Work Location  Anne Arundel
Go Back Click HERE to apply Click HERE to view benefits
Introduction

This is a permanent position with benefits that is LIMITED to current employees
of the Department of Housing and Community Development.

Work that Matters. The Maryland Department of Housing and Community Development
(DHCD) is a national leader in the financing and development of affordable
housing and community development lending. As such, the primary function of the
Community Development Administration is to encourage and support affordable
homeownership and rental housing in Maryland. We are good but strive to be
great. To make this happen our team needs members that will challenge the status
quo, effectively communicate ideas and issues, independently bring forth
practical and efficient solutions, believe change is good and want to come to
work knowing that what they do makes a difference in their neighborhood.
GRADE

18
LOCATION OF POSITION

Crownsville, Maryland

In the future, DHCD will be relocating from Crownsville, Anne Arundel County, to
the New Carrollton transit stop location in Prince George's County.
POSITION DUTIES

The Reporting Manager/Transitional Housing underwriter is a highly proficient
position within Housing Development Programs (HDP).

The individual in this position is responsible for evaluating requests for
financing for transitional housing and other DHCD multifamily housing programs.
This includes processing and underwriting applications; issuing reservation
letters, commitments and other correspondence; closing loans; determining
compliance with regulations and guidelines, and assisting in the preparation of
monthly and annual reports on the status of financing programs.

The position also manages all data base systems for the Multifamily financing
programs and ensures information inputted into the system by loan processors and
the underwriters are accurate, complete and timely.

The position provides daily, weekly, monthly, annual and ad hoc reports for all
financing programs. These reports include internal reports, State Stat
reporting, federally mandated reports, as well as an array of reports and
information required to respond to requests from senior management, the public,
other governmental agencies, and the governor's office. To accurately and
efficiently prepare the reports, the position must be knowledgeable and
well-versed in all Multifamily financing programs.
MINIMUM EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS ARE REQUIRED. Please read carefully.

Education: Possession of a Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or
university.

Experience: Three years of experience evaluating the risk involved in granting
loans or insurance for multi-family housing or commercial projects.

Note: Additional experience as described above may be substituted on a
year-for-year basis for the required education.
LIMITATIONS ON SELECTION

This position is limited to current employees of the Department of Housing and
Community Development.
LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS

Employees in this classification may be assigned duties which require the
operation of a motor vehicle. Employees assigned such duties will be required to
possess a motor vehicle operator's license valid in the State of Maryland.
SELECTION PROCESS

Please provide sufficient information on your application to document that you
meet the minimum qualifications for this recruitment. Please provide
transcripts, certifications or diplomas to document educational or certification
qualifications.

Educational credentials from foreign countries must be evaluated by an approved
education review service. This evaluation must be submitted with your
application.

For further information, you may call International Consultants of Delaware,
Inc. (302) 737-8715 or World Education Services Inc. 1-800-932-3897 or (202)
331-2925.

Successful candidates will be placed on the employment (eligible) list for at
least one year. Eligible list may be used to fill future vacancies of the same
classification.
EXAMINATION PROCESS

The examination will consist of a rating of your education, training, and
experience related to the requirements of the position. You may be required to
complete a qualifications supplement, or the rating may be based on your
application. Therefore, it is important that you provide complete and accurate
information on your application. Report all experience and education that is
related to this position.
BARGAINING UNIT STATUS

The incumbent in this position is a member of a covered bargaining unit and will
be required to pay a bi-weekly service fee to the exclusive representative of
the bargaining unit.


For Further information please visit: http://www.jobaps.com A

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             592 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        CityBusiness North Shore Report

                                 March 8, 2006

New Orleans lacks necessary rental property

BYLINE: Deon Roberts

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 556  words


More than six months after Hurricane Katrina, many metro area apartment units
remain in disrepair, slowing down the ability of people to return.In some cases,
owners of large apartment complexes have already begun making repairs. But
cash-strapped owners of smaller complexes, such as one- to four-unit rental
houses, are in a lurch and cannot make repairs until a myriad of questions are
answered, such as when insurance payments will be forthcoming.As much as 30
percent of the metro area's 50,000 professionally-managed complexes of 100-units
or more remain offline, said Larry Schedler, a multi-family apartment broker
based in Metairie, said.Schedler predicts 8 percent to 10 percent will be
repaired during the next six months. He doesn't know when the remaining 20
percent might be repaired, if at all, due to questions about whether certain
parts of the metro area will come back as well as other issues, he
said.Apartments that have been repaired have had tenants on waiting lists for
months."Now you have a market where you have a demand that has been
significantly increased -- the greatest single need for housing in the history
of the country overnight. And we have an inventory that right now is probably
only at 65 percent capacity," Schedler said.While apartments remain in
disrepair, employers are suffering, said Mtumishi St.

Julien, a co-chairman of the housing subcommittee of the Bring New Orleans Back
Commission."Every employer that I know of is crying for rental housing right now
to get their essential employees back to the city of New Orleans," St. Julien
said.Schedler agreed."You need this inventory out there in order to bring people
back as well as to get the service sector of the economy running. Eastern New
Orleans is basically the engine that kept the tourism (industry) running,"
Schedler said.St. Julien, who also is executive director of the Finance
Authority of New Orleans, is calling for the state to use community development
block grants to provide loans of 2.5 percent interest not only to homeowners but
also to owners of one- to four-unit apartment complexes. It's important to
provide financial assistance to the small apartment complex owners who, like
homeowners, are waiting for insurance proceeds and other issues to shake out,
St. Julien said. A whopping 60 percent to 70 percent of the city's rental
properties consisted of complexes of one to four units, he said."The state needs
to just have a very simplified, liberalized loan program (so that homeowners and
small apartment owners can rebuild)," he said. Owners of larger apartment
complexes will benefit from $56 million in tax credits to be dispensed by the
state during the next three years, he said.Schedler said outside developers are
interested in building new complexes in the area, but one of the challengers to
new complexes being built is a lack of available land. As a result, developers
may build scattered sites of 30 to 40 units, he said."I think you're inevitably
going to see denser communities that are more vertical in nature," Schedler
said. Before Katrina, New Orleans had housing, including rental and other types,
for 560,000 people, yet the city only had 480,000 residents, St. Julien said."If
we go in and fix all of them, we would have more housing than the pre-Katrina
population could use," St. Julien.</p>

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             593 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               September 30, 1991

Mortgage Firm Pools $ 91MM Low-Income

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 399 words

DATELINE: TAMPA, Fla.,


First Housing Development Corp. of Florida, a mortgage banking firm, has formed
a $ 90.7 million lending pool to provide first mortgages for new construction or
rehabilitation of multi-family rental housing for low and moderate income
people.

The loans will be available to both non-profit and for-profit developers that
are using local, state and/or Federal program subsidies, said Clifford B. Hardy,
Jr., president.

The 11 financial institutions that are participating in the loan pool are:
Barnett Banks, $ 26.7 million; First Union National Bank of Florida, $ 16
million; Sun Banks, Inc., $ 15 million; NCNB National Bank of Florida, $ 8.8
million; Great Western Bank, $ 8 milion; Citizens & Southern National Bank of
Florida, $ 5.6 million; Citibank, $ 5 million; California Federal Savings Bank,
FSB, $ 2 million; The First F.A., $ 1.5 million; Jefferson National Bank of
Miami Beach, $ 1 million; and SafraBank, N.A. $ 1 million.

"This lending pool is in response to the need for low to moderate income housing
financing not presently being met by either the public or private sector," said
Allen L. Lastinger, Jr., president and chief operating officer for Barnett
Banks, Inc.

Funds from the lending pool may only be used to purchase properties located in
the State of Florida.

Low and moderate income housing developers can apply for these loans directly
through First Housing.

According to the State Comptroller, Gerald Lewis, "There's a great need for
low-income housing, and the financial institutions participating in the First
Housing Development Corp. should be commended for not only recognizing that
need, but doing something about it."

First Housing began forming lending pools in 1979.  The firm has received two
applications to date for the recent loan pool.

William Gest, senior vice president, Sun Banks, Inc., Orlando, Fla., said the
bank's participation in the lending pool "does serve objectives under the
Community Reinvestment Act initiative.'

However, this is not the bank's primary concern for participation, said Mr.
Gest.  "We are not making grants to people, we're making loans.  It's part of
the public-private partnership in the affordable housing area."

Mr. Gest said the bank tries to be actively involved and tries to lend money
wisely.  "We don't want to take extraordinary risks or come up with projects
that fail and won't serve anyone."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             594 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            April 19, 2007, Thursday

State housing fund to get big boost;
Money can be tapped by groups that help low-income residents

BYLINE: JUSTIN D. ANDERSON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1C

LENGTH: 544 words


DAILY MAIL STAFF

A pool of money available to state non-profits for low-income housing is
expected to quadruple following a bill that passed the state Legislature and one
measure in Congress.

State lawmakers during the regular session created $20 fees levied on mobile
home purchases and property transfers that will be deposited into the West
Virginia Affordable Housing Trust Fund.

Meanwhile, congressional lawmakers are working on a restructuring of the federal
home loan bank system that should make available about $3.5 million to the
trust, said Joe Hatfield, director of the state Housing Development Fund.

Over the last four years, the trust fund has helped finance 48 transitional
housing beds for the state's homeless, 40 new or rehabilitated single-family
homes and 59 low-income rental units, said the trust fund's chairman, Sandra
Hamlin.

This year will be the first time state lawmakers have put money in the trust
fund, Hamlin said. The fees created are expected to pump $1.1 million into the
fund by 2008.

"We thought that the transfer fee would probably be the most attractive for
legislators who were trying to find something that would have minimum impact on
taxpayers and clearly had a connection to what we were doing," Hamlin said.

So far, the Benedum Foundation and the state Housing Development Fund have
donated $1.5 million to the trust fund, which it doled out in three equal
rounds.

The grant money has been matched 12-1, Hamlin said.

"We had a nice case to present to the Legislature on why the funding would have
value," Hamlin said. "And how that value could translate both into affordable
housing for people but also help the economy of the state."

Beyond the state and federal dollars, Hamlin said she expects now that the trust
fund seems to have lawmakers' approval, large corporate donors may start sending
money.

"People always want to know that the state cares," Hamlin said.

Hatfield said the trust fund was set up partly in anticipation of the increased
federal money. He said the skeleton of the fund was shaped in a way to make it
eligible for the money.

Also, according to the legislative findings in the bill that created the fund in
2001, lawmakers viewed low-income housing funding sources at that time as
"fragmented, uncoordinated, burdensome and expensive."

Lawmakers also noted that the federal government seemed to put more of the
housing onus back on the states.

Hatfield said there seems to be a new interest in the federal government toward
helping states with affordable housing programs, as evidenced by the pending
measure.

The trust fund money is typically the last piece of financing that goes into
making a housing deal happen, Hatfield said.

Since the trust started awarding money, several housing authorities and other
non-profits have taken advantage.

For example, the authorities in Mingo and Randolph counties have used the money
to build transitional housing for the homeless and multi-family units.

Community Works in West Virginia has used the money to make grants to low-income
families move toward home ownership, Hamlin said.

Money from the trust fund also was granted to a planned transitional housing
unit in Charleston for homeless veterans.

Contact writer Justin D. Anderson at justin@dailymail.com or 348-4843.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers


                             595 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2010 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                       GlobalData - Business Description

                                 July 12, 2010

                                 Armada Hoffler

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW

   Armada Hoffler (AH) is a Virginia-based general contractor. It was
incorporated in 1979. The projects developed by the company cater to various
market categories such as hospitality, institutional, retail, mixed-use,
multi-family housing and office. AH services can be classified under three
divisions â[#x20ac]" Development, Construction and Asset Management. Armada
Hoffler Development Company manages the Development division. The division
undertakes all types of projects - residential, commercial and industrial
establishments. The company offers complete range of development services from
site selection, design, cost estimating, and construction to renovation and
improvement. The company has been engaged in general construction/contracting
since 1982. AH services are based on design-build or design-bid-build delivery
methods. It holds the capability to take up to $500 million worth of contracts.
It is also specialized in tenant improvement projects and parking garages. The
company over the years has constructed or developed more than 25.4 million
square feet of commercial real estate with a market value of over $3.3 billion.
Its projects in pipeline which are in under development and construction
throughout the Eastern US are valued $1.3 billion. The Asset Management division
is engaged in property portfolio optimization activities. It also serves
third-party clients. The division's expertise includes potential property
acquisitions and disposals, managing property agents, among others. AH owns and
manages over 5.5 million square feet of commercial real estate valued at $647.5
million. AH's in-progress projects includes 1.6 million square feet multi-use
project in Baltimore, another mixed-use project â[#x20ac][#x2dc]The Town Center'
at Virginia Beach, The Harbor East Project and a cancer treatment center in
Hampton. In 2008, the company completed two-story Sentara New Town Medical
Building. The company participated in The Town Center of Virginia Beach project
in public private joint venture projects; AH completed construction at some of
the blocks and these were opened in 2008.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Investment Analysis
Company Overview                        History
Investments                             Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
SWOT Analysis                           Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2010


                             596 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 22, 2015 Saturday

Study: Rents rising but income isn't

BYLINE: Mike Klein, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 295 words


Aug. 22--Olmsted County still has the highest fair-market rents among
southeastern Minnesota counties at $877, but the biggest rent increases since
2000 have come in some of its surrounding counties.

From 2000 to 2009-13, rent increased 35 percent in Mower County, and it was up
31 percent in Dodge County, according to a Minnesota Housing Partnership study
released this week.

In the meantime, median renter incomes have dropped 17 percent statewide, on
average, the study says.

"Despite recent improvements in the economy, renter incomes are still below 2000
levels in most Minnesota counties," the study says.

Median rents have increased in 82 of the state's 87 counties since 2000, and
they're up in all eight southeastern Minnesota counties.

Those are the prices for a "safe, modest 2-bedroom apartment"

In Olmsted County, there are just 29 units of affordable, available housing for
every 100 extremely low-income renter, according to the study.

The study says that seniors and children are hit particularly hard by the
housing shortage.

The number of Minnesotans aged 65 and over is rapidly increasing, and there's a
shortage of affordable housing for them. In addition, unstable housing can
hinder a child's development, it says.

"Construction of multifamily housing has been very limited in most areas of the
state, especially in rural areas," the study says.

In Olmsted County, building permits for 2,759 new housing units were issued from
2009-14. But in some other area counties, the number was much lower -- 203 units
in Mower County and 269 in Dodge County. However, none in Mower and 2 in Dodge
were multi-family buildings, which tend to be rentals.

___ (c)2015 the Post-Bulletin Visit the Post-Bulletin at www.postbulletin.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150822-RC-Study-Rents-rising-but-income-isn-t-0822-20150822

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2015 Post-Bulletin


                             597 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 16, 2014 Wednesday

Assistant Secretary for Housing-Federal Housing Commissioner: Credit Risk
Officer (Multi-Family) 14-HUD-498

LENGTH: 2296  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Credit Risk Officer (Multi-Family)

Department:Department Of Housing And Urban Development

Agency:Assistant Secretary for Housing-Federal Housing Commissioner

Job Announcement Number:14-HUD-498
SALARY RANGE:
 $124,995.00 to $157,100.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Tuesday, July 15, 2014 to Monday, July 28, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1101-15
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Career/Career Conditional - Full-time
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
15
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Washington DC, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 U.S. citizens who are:
1. Status Eligibles, VEOA eligibles, CTAP/ICTAP eligibles, eligible for special
hiring authorities (e.g., the Schedule A appointment for persons with
disabilities, or covered by an Interchange Agreement).
2. HUD employees currently serving on a Veterans' Recruitment Appointment (VRA).

SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Other
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

About the Agency

If you do not meet any of the categories listed above, you may wish to apply
under announcement 14-HUD-499P, which is open for any U.S. citizen to apply.
Please refer to that announcement for details on open period, eligibility, and
how to apply.

This position is located in the immediate Office of the DAS for Risk Management
and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Housing.


TRAVEL REQUIRED

Not Required

KEY REQUIREMENTS

Click "Print Preview" to review the entire announcement before applying.
    Please refer to "Conditions of Employment."

DUTIES:
Back to top

As a Credit Risk Officer (Multi-family), you will:

Assess the credit risk exposure implications of proposed Multi-Family program
changes (i.e.,introduction of new programs, or substantial changes to existing
programs) and counsel the Multi-Family and ORM leadership on the prudence of
making the change.
    Plan, organize, and carry out analytical studies involving the planning,
development, and implementation of major agency programs of national scope and
impact.
    Support the development and maintenance of analytical tools (e.g.,
scorecards) used in the Multi-Family underwriting, asset management and credit
portfolio monitoring processes.
    Represent FHA during briefings and negotiations within the Department, as
well as with Congress, officials in other Federal agencies, private industry,
and or interest groups.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

You must meet the following requirements within 30 days of the closing date of
this announcement.

For the GS-15, you must have one year of specialized experience at a level of
difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-14 grade level in the Federal
service. Specialized experience for this position includes:

Developing models (such as cash flows) strategies and analytical tools (i.e.
assessing credit, market, and operational risks in the mortgage and/or housing
finance industry);
    Evaluating portfolio performance and lender quality; (i.e. loan reviews,
compliance reviews, management of counter party risk);
    Conducting mortgage credit quantitative analysis and/or property financial
performance analysis;
    Evaluating and/or assisting with the modification of existing policies and
practices regarding credit risk management; AND
    Advising senior management on risk-related issues and practices.

Time-in-Grade:
In addition to the above requirements, you must meet the following time-in-grade
requirement, if applicable:
For the GS-15, you must have been at the GS-14 level for 52 weeks.

Time After Competitive Appointment:
Candidates who are current Federal employees serving on a non-temporary
competitive appointment must have served at least three months in that
appointment.


The experience may have been gained in either the public or private sector. One
year of experience refers to full-time work; part-time work is considered on a
prorated basis. To ensure full credit for your work experience, please indicate
dates of employment by month/date/year, and indicate number of hours worked per
week on your résumé.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

Your application includes your résumé, responses to the online questions, and
required supporting documents. Please be sure that your résumé includes detailed
information to support your qualifications for this position; failure to provide
sufficient evidence in your résumé may result in a "not qualified"
determination.

Rating: Your application will be evaluated in the following areas: Credit Risk
Analysis, Analytical/Research skills, Problem Solving, Communication. Your
application will be rated and ranked among others, based on your responses to
the online questions, regarding your experience, education, training,
performance appraisals and awards relevant to the duties of this position. Your
rating may be lowered, if your responses to the online questions are not
supported by the education and/or experience described in your application.

Referral: If you are among the top qualified candidates, your application may be
referred to a selecting official for consideration.

If you are a displaced or surplus Federal employee (eligible for the Career
Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP)/Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan
(ICTAP)), you must receive a rating of at least 85 out 100 to be rated as well
qualified to receive special selection priority.
To preview questions please click here.
BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/program_offices/administration/careers/
hudbenefits


OTHER INFORMATION:
- We may select from this announcement or any other source to fill one or more
vacancies.
- Relocation expenses will not be paid.
- Telework may be available.
- This is a bargaining unit position.
- This position is Exempt from the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA).
- Recruitment incentive may be offered.
- HUD offers alternative and flexible work schedules.

CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT:
- A 1-year probationary period is required. (unless already completed)
- Must successfully complete a background investigation.
- Complete a Declaration for Federal Employment to determine your suitability
for Federal employment, at the time requested by the agency
- If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you
have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to
do so.
- Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
- Go through a Personal Identity Verification (PIV) process that requires two
forms of identification from the Form I-9.  Federal law requires verification of
the identity and employment eligibility of all new hires in the U.S.

HUD employees are prohibited under Section 7501.104, 5 Code of Federal
Regulations from directly or indirectly owning, acquiring, or receiving:
- Federal Housing Authority debentures or certificate of claim;
- Financial interest in a project, including any single family dwelling or unit
subsidized by HUD, or which is subject to a note or mortgage insured by HUD;
- Section 8 subsidies to or on behalf of a tenant of property you, your spouse,
or a dependent child owns.

The following are exceptions to the Section 8 prohibition:
- The employee, or the employee's spouse or minor child acquires, without
specific intent as through inheritance, a property in which a tenant receiving
such a subsidy already resides;
- The tenant receiving such a subsidy lived in the rental property before the
employee worked for the Department;
- The tenant receiving such a subsidy is a parent, child, grandchild, or sibling
of the employee;
- The employee's, or the employee's spouse or minor child's, rental property has
an incumbent tenant who has not previously received such a subsidy and becomes
the beneficiary thereof; or
- The location of the rental property is in a Presidentially declared emergency
or natural disaster area and the employee receives prior written approval from
an agency designee.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top
HUD has partnered with the Treasury's Bureau of the Fiscal Service to provide
certain personnel services to its organization.  Fiscal Service's
responsibilities include advertising vacancies, accepting and handling
applications, and extending job offers.

The following instructions outline our application process. You must complete
this application process and submit any required documents by 11:59 p.m. Eastern
Time (ET) on the closing date of this announcement. We are available to assist
you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. ET, Monday - Friday).
If applying online poses a hardship, please contact us by noon ET on the
announcement's closing date.

HUD provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities on a
case-by-case basis.  Please contact us if you require this for any part of the
application and hiring process.

To begin, either click the "Create a New Account" button and follow the prompts
to register or if you previously registered, click the "Apply Online" button and
follow the prompts.

You will be re-directed to HUD's CareerConnector system to complete your
application process; answer the online questions, and submit all required
documents. (To submit supporting documents, click one of the available options;
Upload; Fax; or Reuse existing documents.  To protect your privacy, we suggest
you first remove your SSN). Also, go to "My Account" to view and update your
information, as necessary.

To complete, you must click the "Finish" button located at the bottom of the
"Application Review" page.

To verify your application is complete, log into your USAJOBS account, select
the Application Status link and then select the more information link for this
position. The Details page will display the status of your application, the
documentation received and processed, and any correspondence the agency has sent
related to this application.

To return to an incomplete application, log into your USAJOBS account and click
Update Application in the vacancy announcement. You must re-select your resume
and/or other documents from your USAJOBS account or your application will be
incomplete.

If you are experiencing system issues with your application, please contact the
Help Desk at mgshelp@monster.com  or at 866-656-6831 and/or the USAJobs Help
Desk.


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:
A complete application includes 1. A résumé, 2. Vacancy question responses, and
3. Submission of any required documents.  Please note that if you do not provide
all required information, as specified in this announcement, you may not be
considered for this position (or may not receive the special consideration for
which you may be eligible).

All applicants are required to submit a résumé either by creating one in USAJOBS
or uploading one of their own choosing.  (Cover letters are optional.)  To
receive full credit for relevant experience, please list the month/date/year and
number of hours worked for experience listed on your résumé.  We suggest that
you preview the online questions, as you may need to customize your résumé to
ensure that it supports your responses to these questions. Please view résumé
tips.

CURRENT AND FORMER FEDERAL EMPLOYEES -- Documentation Relating to Your Federal
Employment:
- Submit a copy of your SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action, which shows
your current (or most recent) grade and competitive service status.  (The
"position occupied" block on the SF-50 should show a "1" and your "tenure" block
should show a "1" or "2".) An award SF-50 will not be accepted.
- If you are currently on a Veterans Recruitment Appointment (VRA), submit a
copy of an SF-50 showing that. Also, you must submit a copy of your DD214 or
other documentation showing dates of service and type of discharge and any other
applicable documents such as SF-15, VA letters, etc.
- Indicate on your application the highest permanent grade you have held; if
this grade is different from your current grade, submit a copy of an additional
SF-50 showing this grade.

Performance Appraisal (ALL APPLICANTS):
Submit a copy of all pages of your most recent completed annual performance
appraisal, dated within the last 12 months, that includes the final rating. In
cases where the performance appraisal is more than 12 months old, incomplete or
unavailable, you must attach a written explanation of the reasons.

CAREER TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PLAN (CTAP) OR INTERAGENCY CAREER TRANSITION
ASSISTANCE PLAN (ICTAP) DOCUMENTATION: If you are a displaced or surplus Federal
employee, click CTAP/ICTAP for eligibility and a detailed list of required
documents.

If you are applying under a special hiring authority (e.g. Military Spouses,
Interchange Agreement, VEOA, Schedule A Disability, etc.), please see applicant
guide for required documentation. In order to be eligible under one of these
authorities, you must submit all required documentation as outlined in the
applicant guide.
AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Applicant Call Center
Phone: 304-480-7300
Fax: 000-000-0000
TDD: 304-480-8725
Email: hudinquiries@bpd.treas.gov
Agency Information:
Assistant Secretary for Housing
***WE DO NOT ACCEPT MAILED APPLICATIONS***
Parkersburg, WV
26101
US
Fax: 000-000-0000
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
You may check the status of your application for this position at any time by
logging onto the USAJOBS "My Account" tab and clicking on "Application Status".
For a more detailed update of your application status, you may click on "more
information."

Please notify us if your contact information changes after the closing date of
the announcement. Also, note that if you provide an email address that is
inaccurate or if your mailbox is full or blocked (e.g., spam-blocker), you may
not receive important communication that could affect your consideration for
this position.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov


LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             598 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 15, 2014 Tuesday

Assistant Secretary for Housing-Federal Housing Commissioner: Credit Risk
Officer (Multi-Family) 14-HUD-498

LENGTH: 2296  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Credit Risk Officer (Multi-Family)

Department:Department Of Housing And Urban Development

Agency:Assistant Secretary for Housing-Federal Housing Commissioner

Job Announcement Number:14-HUD-498
SALARY RANGE:
 $124,995.00 to $157,100.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Tuesday, July 15, 2014 to Monday, July 28, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1101-15
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Career/Career Conditional - Full-time
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
15
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Washington DC, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 U.S. citizens who are:
1. Status Eligibles, VEOA eligibles, CTAP/ICTAP eligibles, eligible for special
hiring authorities (e.g., the Schedule A appointment for persons with
disabilities, or covered by an Interchange Agreement).
2. HUD employees currently serving on a Veterans' Recruitment Appointment (VRA).

SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Other
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

About the Agency

If you do not meet any of the categories listed above, you may wish to apply
under announcement 14-HUD-499P, which is open for any U.S. citizen to apply.
Please refer to that announcement for details on open period, eligibility, and
how to apply.

This position is located in the immediate Office of the DAS for Risk Management
and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Housing.


TRAVEL REQUIRED

Not Required

KEY REQUIREMENTS

Click "Print Preview" to review the entire announcement before applying.
    Please refer to "Conditions of Employment."

DUTIES:
Back to top

As a Credit Risk Officer (Multi-family), you will:

Assess the credit risk exposure implications of proposed Multi-Family program
changes (i.e.,introduction of new programs, or substantial changes to existing
programs) and counsel the Multi-Family and ORM leadership on the prudence of
making the change.
    Plan, organize, and carry out analytical studies involving the planning,
development, and implementation of major agency programs of national scope and
impact.
    Support the development and maintenance of analytical tools (e.g.,
scorecards) used in the Multi-Family underwriting, asset management and credit
portfolio monitoring processes.
    Represent FHA during briefings and negotiations within the Department, as
well as with Congress, officials in other Federal agencies, private industry,
and or interest groups.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

You must meet the following requirements within 30 days of the closing date of
this announcement.

For the GS-15, you must have one year of specialized experience at a level of
difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-14 grade level in the Federal
service. Specialized experience for this position includes:

Developing models (such as cash flows) strategies and analytical tools (i.e.
assessing credit, market, and operational risks in the mortgage and/or housing
finance industry);
    Evaluating portfolio performance and lender quality; (i.e. loan reviews,
compliance reviews, management of counter party risk);
    Conducting mortgage credit quantitative analysis and/or property financial
performance analysis;
    Evaluating and/or assisting with the modification of existing policies and
practices regarding credit risk management; AND
    Advising senior management on risk-related issues and practices.

Time-in-Grade:
In addition to the above requirements, you must meet the following time-in-grade
requirement, if applicable:
For the GS-15, you must have been at the GS-14 level for 52 weeks.

Time After Competitive Appointment:
Candidates who are current Federal employees serving on a non-temporary
competitive appointment must have served at least three months in that
appointment.


The experience may have been gained in either the public or private sector. One
year of experience refers to full-time work; part-time work is considered on a
prorated basis. To ensure full credit for your work experience, please indicate
dates of employment by month/date/year, and indicate number of hours worked per
week on your résumé.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

Your application includes your résumé, responses to the online questions, and
required supporting documents. Please be sure that your résumé includes detailed
information to support your qualifications for this position; failure to provide
sufficient evidence in your résumé may result in a "not qualified"
determination.

Rating: Your application will be evaluated in the following areas: Credit Risk
Analysis, Analytical/Research skills, Problem Solving, Communication. Your
application will be rated and ranked among others, based on your responses to
the online questions, regarding your experience, education, training,
performance appraisals and awards relevant to the duties of this position. Your
rating may be lowered, if your responses to the online questions are not
supported by the education and/or experience described in your application.

Referral: If you are among the top qualified candidates, your application may be
referred to a selecting official for consideration.

If you are a displaced or surplus Federal employee (eligible for the Career
Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP)/Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan
(ICTAP)), you must receive a rating of at least 85 out 100 to be rated as well
qualified to receive special selection priority.
To preview questions please click here.
BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/program_offices/administration/careers/
hudbenefits


OTHER INFORMATION:
- We may select from this announcement or any other source to fill one or more
vacancies.
- Relocation expenses will not be paid.
- Telework may be available.
- This is a bargaining unit position.
- This position is Exempt from the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA).
- Recruitment incentive may be offered.
- HUD offers alternative and flexible work schedules.

CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT:
- A 1-year probationary period is required. (unless already completed)
- Must successfully complete a background investigation.
- Complete a Declaration for Federal Employment to determine your suitability
for Federal employment, at the time requested by the agency
- If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you
have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to
do so.
- Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
- Go through a Personal Identity Verification (PIV) process that requires two
forms of identification from the Form I-9.  Federal law requires verification of
the identity and employment eligibility of all new hires in the U.S.

HUD employees are prohibited under Section 7501.104, 5 Code of Federal
Regulations from directly or indirectly owning, acquiring, or receiving:
- Federal Housing Authority debentures or certificate of claim;
- Financial interest in a project, including any single family dwelling or unit
subsidized by HUD, or which is subject to a note or mortgage insured by HUD;
- Section 8 subsidies to or on behalf of a tenant of property you, your spouse,
or a dependent child owns.

The following are exceptions to the Section 8 prohibition:
- The employee, or the employee's spouse or minor child acquires, without
specific intent as through inheritance, a property in which a tenant receiving
such a subsidy already resides;
- The tenant receiving such a subsidy lived in the rental property before the
employee worked for the Department;
- The tenant receiving such a subsidy is a parent, child, grandchild, or sibling
of the employee;
- The employee's, or the employee's spouse or minor child's, rental property has
an incumbent tenant who has not previously received such a subsidy and becomes
the beneficiary thereof; or
- The location of the rental property is in a Presidentially declared emergency
or natural disaster area and the employee receives prior written approval from
an agency designee.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top
HUD has partnered with the Treasury's Bureau of the Fiscal Service to provide
certain personnel services to its organization.  Fiscal Service's
responsibilities include advertising vacancies, accepting and handling
applications, and extending job offers.

The following instructions outline our application process. You must complete
this application process and submit any required documents by 11:59 p.m. Eastern
Time (ET) on the closing date of this announcement. We are available to assist
you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. ET, Monday - Friday).
If applying online poses a hardship, please contact us by noon ET on the
announcement's closing date.

HUD provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities on a
case-by-case basis.  Please contact us if you require this for any part of the
application and hiring process.

To begin, either click the "Create a New Account" button and follow the prompts
to register or if you previously registered, click the "Apply Online" button and
follow the prompts.

You will be re-directed to HUD's CareerConnector system to complete your
application process; answer the online questions, and submit all required
documents. (To submit supporting documents, click one of the available options;
Upload; Fax; or Reuse existing documents.  To protect your privacy, we suggest
you first remove your SSN). Also, go to "My Account" to view and update your
information, as necessary.

To complete, you must click the "Finish" button located at the bottom of the
"Application Review" page.

To verify your application is complete, log into your USAJOBS account, select
the Application Status link and then select the more information link for this
position. The Details page will display the status of your application, the
documentation received and processed, and any correspondence the agency has sent
related to this application.

To return to an incomplete application, log into your USAJOBS account and click
Update Application in the vacancy announcement. You must re-select your resume
and/or other documents from your USAJOBS account or your application will be
incomplete.

If you are experiencing system issues with your application, please contact the
Help Desk at mgshelp@monster.com  or at 866-656-6831 and/or the USAJobs Help
Desk.


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:
A complete application includes 1. A résumé, 2. Vacancy question responses, and
3. Submission of any required documents.  Please note that if you do not provide
all required information, as specified in this announcement, you may not be
considered for this position (or may not receive the special consideration for
which you may be eligible).

All applicants are required to submit a résumé either by creating one in USAJOBS
or uploading one of their own choosing.  (Cover letters are optional.)  To
receive full credit for relevant experience, please list the month/date/year and
number of hours worked for experience listed on your résumé.  We suggest that
you preview the online questions, as you may need to customize your résumé to
ensure that it supports your responses to these questions. Please view résumé
tips.

CURRENT AND FORMER FEDERAL EMPLOYEES -- Documentation Relating to Your Federal
Employment:
- Submit a copy of your SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action, which shows
your current (or most recent) grade and competitive service status.  (The
"position occupied" block on the SF-50 should show a "1" and your "tenure" block
should show a "1" or "2".) An award SF-50 will not be accepted.
- If you are currently on a Veterans Recruitment Appointment (VRA), submit a
copy of an SF-50 showing that. Also, you must submit a copy of your DD214 or
other documentation showing dates of service and type of discharge and any other
applicable documents such as SF-15, VA letters, etc.
- Indicate on your application the highest permanent grade you have held; if
this grade is different from your current grade, submit a copy of an additional
SF-50 showing this grade.

Performance Appraisal (ALL APPLICANTS):
Submit a copy of all pages of your most recent completed annual performance
appraisal, dated within the last 12 months, that includes the final rating. In
cases where the performance appraisal is more than 12 months old, incomplete or
unavailable, you must attach a written explanation of the reasons.

CAREER TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PLAN (CTAP) OR INTERAGENCY CAREER TRANSITION
ASSISTANCE PLAN (ICTAP) DOCUMENTATION: If you are a displaced or surplus Federal
employee, click CTAP/ICTAP for eligibility and a detailed list of required
documents.

If you are applying under a special hiring authority (e.g. Military Spouses,
Interchange Agreement, VEOA, Schedule A Disability, etc.), please see applicant
guide for required documentation. In order to be eligible under one of these
authorities, you must submit all required documentation as outlined in the
applicant guide.
AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Applicant Call Center
Phone: 304-480-7300
Fax: 000-000-0000
TDD: 304-480-8725
Email: hudinquiries@bpd.treas.gov
Agency Information:
Assistant Secretary for Housing
***WE DO NOT ACCEPT MAILED APPLICATIONS***
Parkersburg, WV
26101
US
Fax: 000-000-0000
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
You may check the status of your application for this position at any time by
logging onto the USAJOBS "My Account" tab and clicking on "Application Status".
For a more detailed update of your application status, you may click on "more
information."

Please notify us if your contact information changes after the closing date of
the announcement. Also, note that if you provide an email address that is
inaccurate or if your mailbox is full or blocked (e.g., spam-blocker), you may
not receive important communication that could affect your consideration for
this position.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             599 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 2006 California Western School of Law
                         California Western Law Review

                                   Fall, 2006

                             43 Cal. W. L. Rev. 21

LENGTH: 17416 words

ESSAY: The Continuing Storm: How Disaster Recovery Excludes Those Most in Need*

* This essay is published in the California Western Law Review along with other
Essays from the 2006 Western Law Professors of Color Conference, entitled "Pale
Promises: Confronting the Rights Deficit."

NAME: Jonathan P. Hooks and Trisha B. Miller***

BIO: ** The 1961 photograph is by Declan Haun and is used with the permission of
the Chicago History Museum (ICHi-35488). The 2005 photograph is by David Bacon
and is used with the permission of Street Spirit.

*** Counsel in the Fair Housing and Community Development Project of the
Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law. As described below, building on
relationships with community clients and legal advocates in the Gulf Coast, the
Lawyers' Committee has been actively involved in responding to the legal needs
of families affected by Hurricane Katrina. From October 2005 through September
2006, the Lawyers' Committee hosted over twenty-five free legal clinics for
hurricane survivors in Gulfport, Biloxi, Bay St. Louis, Waveland, Gautier, and
D'Iberville, Mississippi, as well as New Orleans. The legal clinics served over
1,500 families, primarily in Mississippi Gulf Coast communities of color, such
as North Gulfport and East Biloxi. At the legal clinics, public interest
attorneys and volunteer attorneys answered questions about issues ranging from
FEMA benefits to insurance to programs available to fund home repair. The legal
clinics also led to the creation of a FEMA Appeals program, which has placed
over 350 cases with pro bono attorneys for ongoing individual representation. To
better support these clients and others, the Lawyers' Committee has also sought
policy reform from FEMA through both advocacy and impact litigation. We wish to
thank our colleagues at the Lawyers' Committee, the Mississippi Center for
Justice, and pro bono counsel from law firms too numerous to mention. We are
honored to work with many individual families and community advocates in the
Gulf Coast and particularly extend our gratitude to Rose Johnson, Derrick Evans,
Reilly Morse, John Jopling, Karen Lash, Jeanne Backstrom, Emilie Miller, and
countless others who help rebuild communities and make our work possible.

TEXT:
 [*21]

   I. Introduction

 Most Americans have emblazoned in their memory an image of a category five
hurricane roaring across the Gulf Coast of Louisiana,  [*22]  Mississippi, and
Alabama, hurling casinos in the air, crumbling century-old buildings, and
devastating thousands of homes - and even more lives - under a massive tidal
surge. n1 When Katrina made landfall, it instantly became the worst natural
disaster in over 200 years. n2 In Mississippi, it destroyed 70,000 homes and
damaged 160,000 more. n3 Water inundated nearly every structure hugging the
seventy-mile coastline, including a local Emergency Operations  [*23]  Center,
which sits thirty feet above sea level, casting emergency workers out into the
sea. n4 Families recall how the flooding reached as high as the rafters in their
homes and how buildings disintegrated while winds ripped away roofs. n5 With
such staggering devastation, much attention focused on the immediate aftermath
of Katrina and the failures of the federal emergency response, n6 burning into
our national consciousness images of elderly and poor people, mostly black,
literally abandoned by their government. n7

   But Katrina has truly been a continuing storm: just as many poor communities
were marginalized, segregated, and abandoned before the storm came ashore, they
remain left out of the recovery and rebuilding effort. n8 For notwithstanding
President Bush's pronouncement days after the storm in Jackson Square that "the
[*24]  storm didn't discriminate, and neither will the recovery effort," n9 far
too many families, and especially far too many of those most in need, are still
being left behind. Indeed, six months after Katrina, tens of thousands of
families were still waiting for Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA)
trailers. n10 As of August 2006 - one year after the storm - only a few thousand
homes in coastal Mississippi have been rebuilt, n11 and over 38,000 Mississippi
families are living in trailers. n12 The story did not end with the Superdome.
Rather, FEMA continued in its failure to help those with the least resources to
rebuild their lives and communities.

   While there are many failures in the programmatic response to Hurricane
Katrina at the local, state, and federal levels, this article addresses the
specific ways in which FEMA's emergency disaster  [*25]  relief and housing
assistance have proved particularly, almost deliberately, ineffective for the
most vulnerable and marginalized families - those in predominantly minority
communities, those with lower incomes and limited savings, and renters. n13 In
Part I, we describe the scope of the storm's impact on low-income and
marginalized groups. In Part II, we summarize the myriad legal issues low-income
families encountered and how advocates at the Lawyers' Committee for Civil
Rights Under Law (Lawyers' Committee) sought to address them. In Part III, we
critique the limits of disaster response in the wake of Katrina. Specifically,
we emphasize how substantive and procedural aspects of FEMA's disaster
assistance programs failed low-income families - unnecessarily delaying
assistance to them, utilizing unclear and ineffectual rules, or establishing
barriers that denied assistance altogether. In essence, we argue that FEMA fails
to consider the impact of policies that exclude those most in need. In
conclusion, we summarize the progress made to date in correcting these
deficiencies and identify further policy reforms needed to ensure equitable
emergency response that works for all families recovering from the storm.

[*26]

   II. The Aftermath

   A. Low-Income Households Suffered Severe, Even Disproportionate, Losses in
the Storm

 With the popular press preoccupied with the overwhelming devastation caused by
the levee breach in New Orleans, n14 humanitarian organizations, n15 the
Mississippi Governor's Commission, n16 and the Congressional Research Service
recorded the extent of damage along Mississippi's invisible coast, noting that
the damage was borne in significant part by low-income residents. n17 The  [*27]
2000 Census shows that in the three coastal counties of Mississippi (Hancock,
Harrison, and Jackson), approximately 51,432 households are at or below 80% of
Area Median Income (AMI), those defined as low-income. n18 Of these low-income
households, 45.5% are renters and 54.5% are homeowners. n19 As the Governor's
Commission Report notes, there were many lower-income households in the
hurricane-devastated areas: "about 65 percent of the housing units exposed to
the surge and over 57 percent of the units exposed to flooding were occupied by
households with incomes below the U.S. median household income level." n20 "In
Hancock and Harrison counties alone, almost 75 percent of the housing units were
occupied by households living below the U.S. median income level." n21

   While Katrina indiscriminately leveled coastal communities across the Gulf,
the data suggest that, if anything, lower-income households were
disproportionately impacted. n22 For example, households at or below 150% of the
Federal Poverty Line (FPL) n23 comprised some 10% of pre-Katrina households, yet
such households represented 13.5% of those within Katrina's Surge Inundation
Limit (SIL) (10,228 of 75,733). n24 Calculations comparing census data with
[*28]  FEMA flood maps similarly suggest that while low-income households (those
below 80% AMI) were about 38.18% of households in Mississippi's three coastal
counties, they constituted 43%, 41%, and 39% of households suffering storm surge
damage in Hancock, Harrison, and Jackson counties respectively. n25 Moreover,
the Mississippi Regional Housing Authority reported that 80% of the subsidized
housing in coastal Mississippi was damaged or completely destroyed. n26 The loss
of affordable housing, coupled with the skyrocketing post-Katrina rental market,
left low-income families without adequate housing alternatives.

   In addition to these inequities, lower-income homeowners are less likely to
have the financial resources necessary to bridge the gap between the value of
their damaged or destroyed home and the cost of rebuilding. Many low-income
households are underinsured or lack the cushion of insurance altogether, which
is doubly disastrous when insurance becomes a prerequisite for certain forms of
programmatic assistance. n27 Income has a significant bearing on whether
homeowners purchase insurance, and research reveals that  [*29]  "percentages of
homeowners with insurance dropped as household incomes decreased." n28 As an
Oxfam America report notes, "More affluent people are more likely to purchase
flood insurance from the National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP) and purchase
greater amounts of insurance than poorer people." n29 It is axiomatic that,
given their financial constraints, many elderly, fixed-income, and low-income
households simply do not purchase or maintain insurance. Without adequate
insurance coverage, low-income homeowners living in the seventy-mile flood zone
simply could not afford to rebuild.

   B. Renters, Particularly Low-Income Renters, Face Additional Barriers

 Katrina erased a surplus in market-rate rental units and created a nightmare
for tenants facing skyrocketing rents and a wave of illegal, pretextual
evictions. The Mississippi Center for Justice, along with the Mississippi Center
for Legal Services, conducted a field inspection of large apartment complexes in
Harrison, Jackson, and Hancock counties. n30 The study revealed that over fifty
percent of subsidized rental housing on the Gulf Coast was uninhabitable. n31
Renters are increasingly vulnerable to poor housing conditions because of the
rental housing crisis and the fact that they have been excluded from various
forms of governmental rebuilding assistance - especially the  [*30]  Homeowner
Grant Assistance Program developed by the state for its federal rebuilding
allocation. n32 While renters can receive compensation under FEMA's disaster
assistance program for personal property loss and temporary housing assistance
(the Individual and Households Program described infra in Part IV.A.), only
homeowners can receive compensation for home repair. n33 As a result, low-income
renters subsist in substandard apartment buildings and find themselves
increasingly exposed to threats of eviction.

   The loss of such a huge share of rental housing, and serious damage to more,
put low-income tenants on the verge of homelessness long after the storm.
Unfortunately, substandard and uninhabitable conditions, illegal evictions, and
spiking rents became commonplace. n34 Throughout coastal Mississippi,
unscrupulous landlords sought to empty developments full of low-income tenants
to take advantage of increasing rents in a market with little remaining
affordable rental housing. n35

    [*31]  A jarring example of this scenario occurred at Edgewood Manor, a
federally-subsidized apartment complex in Gulfport. Following Katrina, over
fifty families at Edgewood Manor were simply deserted by their property manager.
n36 The management company reported that the building had been "totally
destroyed" by the storm. n37 Meanwhile, residents were left behind without
roofs, running water, trash pickup, and in some cases, basic plumbing. n38
Christine Brice, a North Gulfport resident, witnessed families in Edgewood Manor
starting a fire in a bucket in order to keep warm, while others relied on gas
stoves to heat their apartments. n39 On top of these deplorable housing
conditions, tenants dreaded a mass eviction. In October 2005, just a month after
the storm, security guards told residents that the apartment gates would be
welded shut, blocking any reentry into the complex. n40 On the residents'
behalf, the Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights and the Mississippi Center for
Justice forced the landlord to cease eviction threats and allow tenants to
remain at Edgewood Manor. n41

    [*32]  Even private housing that survived the storm in reasonably good
condition provided no panacea, as many landlords preferred to remove old tenants
(at pre-Katrina rents) and bring in new tenants at higher prices. At Gulfport's
Waters Mark apartment complex, tenants - even those with habitable premises and
leases running well into 2006 - received eviction notices in November 2005
telling them to move out on December 31, 2005. n42 Though the notices claimed
the evictions were necessary due to pervasive storm damage at the complex that
needed repair, the landlord was simultaneously advertising vacant apartments for
rent in January 2006 - presumably at a new and higher price. n43 As lawyers for
the tenants, the Lawyers' Committee and Mississippi Center for Justice were able
to correct this injustice, if only for the term of tenants' leases.

   Individual tenants also face ongoing threats of eviction. n44 For example,
Biloxi resident Howard Reynolds, who had been living out of his car after the
storm, finally located an apartment for rent in November 2005. n45 While the
apartment lacked sheetrock and a permanent ceiling, Mr. Reynolds agreed to pay
full rent while the landlord remodeled the apartment. n46 After several months,
no repairs had been made, and the landlord began demanding additional rent. n47
When Mr. Reynolds refused to pay, the landlord began the common practice known
as a "self-help" eviction, n48 removing the locks and  [*33]  shutting off all
utilities. n49 Overnight, Mr. Reynolds joined the ranks of thousands of
low-income renters with no place to go.

   Ultimately, the rash of evictions on the pretext of storm damage became so
severe that the Gulfport City Attorney took the extraordinary step of issuing a
letter warning landlords that such evictions were illegal, absent a government
determination that the unit was unsafe. n50

   Unfortunately, coastal Mississippi had a high percentage of renters,
particularly in areas damaged by Katrina: "The Mississippi Gulf Coast has a
higher percentage of renters than the rest of the state ... . In low-income
communities on the coast, fully half of the residents were renters." n51
Low-income persons in the disaster area are also more likely to be renters. n52
In communities like Biloxi, catastrophic damage besieged these individuals, and
meeting their needs is all the more imperative to reviving the community. n53 A
year  [*34]  after Katrina, the population who weathered the storm without the
financial and emotional asset of homeownership remains saddled with a prolonged
recovery period and inadequate housing alternatives.

   C. Minority Communities Can Be Particularly Vulnerable

 Lower-income and higher poverty populations within the disaster area are
disproportionately communities of color. For example, nearly one in three
African-American Katrina survivors is at or below the poverty level, leaving
thousands of minority families without financial resources to rebuild. n54
Significantly, poverty and homeownership rates among racial minorities are
pronounced: of the many renters in the coastal counties, a disproportionate
number were African Americans. n55 Throughout the Mississippi Gulf Coast, the
African-American poverty rate is 27.1% compared to 10.4% for whites. n56 The
homeownership rate is 49.8% for African Americans compared to 74.0% for whites,
with some communities having an even greater  [*35]  disparity. n57 In addition,
according to Oxfam America, "Studies indicate that there are marked ethnic and
racial inequalities in adequate insurance coverage." n58 Other marginalized
groups, such as Vietnamese immigrants n59 and disabled persons, n60 also face
especially high hurdles in the recovery process.

   The Mississippi Gulf Coast is only a portion of the disaster-devastated area.
But the tenuous position of lower-income and minority populations, particularly
renters, is endemic. As the supply of rental housing dwindled due to storm
damage, rental prices in coastal Mississippi skyrocketed over the pre-Katrina
rates. n61 Inflated  [*36]  market rents - and the loss of public and subsidized
housing - effectively eliminated much of the affordable rental housing on the
Gulf Coast. n62 These factors, exacerbated by the sluggish pace of new
construction, leave many vulnerable families in a precarious position when
FEMA's disaster assistance is delayed or denied.

   III. Legal Response to the Disaster

 The sheer loss of affordable housing and the alarming number of post-disaster
evictions threaten to create an entire new homeless population in Mississippi,
one of the poorest states in the nation. n63 In addition to causing emotional
and physical devastation, the storm left behind myriad legal hurdles for Katrina
survivors. Meanwhile, the local legal services infrastructure was paralyzed in
the aftermath. n64 Even before the storm, few local attorneys provided services
to the lowest-income families. n65 After the storm, many remaining attorneys,
[*37]  hurricane survivors themselves, had lost their offices and were unable to
provide these services alone. n66 While the most pressing needs after the storm
- food, shelter, medical care - were outside the expertise of attorneys, without
legal representation, the marginalized communities on the Gulf Coast could all
too easily be deprived, once again, of the benefits enjoyed by higher-income
families.

   Weeks after the disaster, Lawyers' Committee attorneys and other volunteers
headed to Gulfport, Mississippi, with legal guides and emergency supplies to
serve in the first wave of legal responders. What we found was a chaotic process
with rules ill-designed to meet the real needs of low-income families. Because
FEMA was slow to open Disaster Recovery Centers (DRCs), n67 families were forced
to register for FEMA benefits by phone or internet. n68 Yet, the hundreds of
families we saw at the emergency shelter area in North Gulfport had no access to
working phone lines or internet connections. The few that found a donated cell
phone would have to remain on hold throughout the night, awaiting a FEMA phone
representative.

   As a result, FEMA assistance was the hardest to access by the group that
needed it most: poor families without savings of their own to turn to as they
awaited emergency aid. Those who could not afford to evacuate remained in
isolation for several weeks following the storm. Often, they remained
unregistered with the agency since the phone lines to which families were
directed remained constantly jammed and inaccessible. Ongoing individual
representation was desperately needed.

   In response, the Lawyers' Committee developed a series of legal clinics
designed to educate predominantly low-income and minority communities about
their rights and assist them in the FEMA benefits process. n69 Our legal clinics
in North Gulfport, East Biloxi, and  [*38]  elsewhere reached over 1500 families
in core disaster areas, providing assistance with registering for FEMA benefits
and resolving insurance and mortgage problems and landlord-tenant disputes.
Volunteer lawyers worked one-on-one with disaster survivors to address these
issues, as well as employment, small business, and home repair issues. The
obstacles to accessing FEMA's Individuals and Households Program, which assists
families displaced by disasters, proved difficult to navigate - often even for
the advocates themselves, confronted with unclear explanations from FEMA and
inconsistent application of ill-defined and unpublished rules. As became
apparent, many families needed ongoing individualized representation to overcome
the FEMA barriers described in this article. Stemming from the legal clinics,
the Lawyers' Committee and law firms working pro bono created a FEMA Appeals
project that provided continuing representation to over 350 families, many of
whose stories are included here.

   To address FEMA's unresponsiveness to the needs of displaced families on a
larger scale, the Lawyers' Committee, in conjunction with other lawyers, brought
a class action on November 10, 2005, on behalf of all displaced persons who had
applied or were applying for FEMA assistance. n70 Among other things, the suit
alleged that FEMA's response to Katrina violated the Stafford Act, which governs
FEMA's disaster response, and FEMA's constitutional due process obligations. n71
Specifically, the suit challenged procedural burdens (described below) that
delayed or denied benefits to families, such as FEMA's application of the
"shared household rule," which rendered many applicants ineligible if they
shared an address with other applicants before the storm, but established
separate households after the disaster, n72 and FEMA's requirement of a Small
Business Administration loan application prior to receipt of FEMA housing
assistance. n73 In addition, the suit addressed FEMA's denial or suspension of
benefits under circumstances created by its own failure  [*39]  to inform
applicants of their rights and obligations and the effective denial of benefits
to numerous households due to FEMA's excessive delays, including 80,000
applications still listed as "pending" three months after the storm. n74

   The first successful ruling on McWaters came on December 12, 2005, when the
court enjoined FEMA's arbitrarily threatened termination of all households
residing in hotels through FEMA's emergency housing program. n75 The injunction
ensured a more orderly process. Just before Thanksgiving 2005, FEMA proposed to
displace all such families on a handful of days' notice, even though many
families had yet to receive a determination from FEMA as to whether they were
entitled to continued housing assistance in the form of rent or a trailer. n76
In other words, FEMA proposed to displace families before they could demonstrate
they were entitled to continuing shelter. In entering a preliminary injunction
against FEMA's actions, the court described FEMA's insensitivity towards the
needs of low-income households, bemoaning its sudden changes in policy combined
with a lack of clarity for those it was charged to assist. n77 Finding that
"these  [*40]  actions by FEMA ... discriminate against victims based on the
grounds of economic status and prohibited in the Stafford Act," n78 the court
enjoined the evictions and mandated a more open and fair process. n79
Specifically, prior to displacing any family, FEMA had to determine the family's
eligibility for continuing housing benefits and provide at least two weeks
notice. n80 As a result of the order, tens of thousands of evacuees remained in
hotels and motels during the holidays and some until the following spring. n81

   The court also preliminarily enjoined FEMA from imposing the onerous and
unnecessary requirement that applicants for temporary housing assistance
complete a Small Business Administration (SBA) loan application, one of the
primary barriers delaying needed benefits. n82 The full impact of this barrier,
particularly for low-income households, is described infra at Part IV.B.2.b.
Overall, the McWaters case complemented individual representation efforts by
attacking systematic barriers. Even on claims where the case did not succeed
legally, such as the challenges to the "shared household rule," it continued to
put in sharp relief the policy areas where FEMA's programs fell short of helping
those most in need. n83 Indeed, as noted  [*41]  below, the court bemoaned the
same administrative chaos and impenetrable policies that bedeviled many
low-income applicants trying to navigate the benefits process, even calling for
legislative solutions to correct these failures.

   IV. Left Behind: FEMA Programs and Low-Income Families

   A. FEMA's Disaster Assistance: How Program Design Creates Barriers

 To better understand how FEMA's Individuals and Households Program (IHP), which
provides benefits to displaced families, can exclude or limit benefits available
to those most in need, we first explain the types of FEMA benefits available
after a disaster. n84 In describing the programs, we note how, substantively,
they are designed for higher-income households who have assets to fall back on
after the disaster. Indeed, many programs presume that families will be able to
draw on resources to complement FEMA's assistance, which consequently means that
poor families - or families above the poverty line, but with no savings - may be
unable to effectively utilize FEMA programs or may receive fewer benefits than
similarly situated but higher-income households. n85 The following section
addresses the procedural barriers faced by families in accessing benefits.

[*42]

   1. Emergency Assistance and Shelter

 FEMA provides immediate emergency shelter assistance to displaced people
through a variety of state intermediaries such as the Red Cross and state
emergency management agencies. n86 These programs, sometimes referred to as
"Section 403" sheltering programs, provided a wide variety of housing types
after Katrina, ranging from shelters to programs that housed displaced people in
hotels or apartments which were rented on their behalf. n87 Importantly,
families in these housing programs could initially enter such housing without
needing to individually establish their eligibility for FEMA benefits. n88
Because such direct assistance did not require individualized determinations of
eligibility for assistance, it initially created few problems. Nonetheless,
problems arose in transitioning families from emergency assistance to FEMA's
ongoing disaster assistance (which did require individual eligibility
determinations), because sudden policy changes confused and threatened families,
requiring judicial intervention in the McWaters suit. n89

[*43]

   2. FEMA's Individuals and Households Program

 FEMA's Individuals and Households Program has several components, described
below.

   a. Temporary Housing Assistance

 Beyond the immediate post-disaster period, FEMA provides temporary housing
assistance for up to eighteen months after a disaster, though the deadline can
be extended by FEMA. n90 Housing assistance can be indirect, through rental
assistance, or direct, through provision of a physical unit such as a trailer or
mobile home.

   In this disaster, FEMA's rental assistance programmatically provided rent
assistance of $ 786 per month (in the form of a single  [*44]  check of $ 2358
for three months); n91 thereafter, the rent subsidy would provide support up to
the HUD-established Fair Market Rent for the area. n92 However, the program had
several limitations that hampered its effectiveness for many of our clients.
Households, especially those with low incomes, experienced difficulty
effectively using the assistance to secure long-term housing for several
reasons:

   . Inadequate Rents: In the disaster areas of coastal Mississippi and New
Orleans, the rent assistance was of limited utility since there were few rental
units available after the storm - and those that remained had dramatically
increased rents. n93

   . Lack of coverage for security deposits and utilities: FEMA does not permit
families to use the housing assistance to cover initial security deposits or
ongoing utility costs, unless they are incorporated as part of the rent
payments. n94 For low-or very  [*45]  low-income families without savings or
income after the storm, covering those expenses posed a substantial burden at a
time when many needed all their resources for immediate necessities, such as
food, medical care, and other expenses. n95

   . Landlord Participation: Because the program is operated as a cash subsidy
paid to tenants (who then paid landlords) - rather than using the existing
subsidized housing models where the government entity directly contracts with
landlords for payment - families experienced some difficulty getting landlords
to participate in the program. n96 Landlords were concerned about the security
of their rental income and independently might ask tenants to demonstrate an
income level three times the rent (a practice not uncommon in some rental
markets). Naturally, many low-income tenants found they were refused rental even
from landlords whose rent fell under FEMA's cap. By contrast, HUD's Disaster
Voucher Program (available only to former residents of subsidized housing and
the homeless) was operated through local housing authorities, drawing upon their
existing expertise and relationships with local landlords. n97

[*46]

   b. Home Repair and Replacement

 Another part of the IHP program provides assistance for homeowners to repair or
replace their homes. Limited to $ 5,200 for repairs and $ 10,400 for
replacement, these relatively low caps pose particular problems for low-income
homeowners who are less likely to have additional resources to rely on and
combine with FEMA or insurance proceeds. n98 This program is also one of several
systematic ways that FEMA privileges higher-income families, specifically
homeowners, over renters. n99 Indeed, through this IHP program,  [*47]  FEMA
provides resources for rebuilding owner-occupied homes, but there is no
analogous FEMA program to provide funds dedicated to the redevelopment of rental
housing lost in the storm. n100 Since the effect of a disaster can significantly
increase area rents, renters may actually need more assistance than homeowners -
not less - to replace housing opportunities lost in a storm and to cope with
subsequent pressure on the rental market. n101 Indeed, anecdotal reports suggest
rents on Mississippi's Gulf Coast have increased by as much as 30%. n102 But
even if the issue is "ownership," the owners of the rental property clearly lost
their property just as those in owner-occupied homes did. Notably, FEMA
regulations bar the construction of any "permanent housing" to assist renters,
but home repair and replacement assistance for owner-occupants is, by
definition, designated for rebuilding or replacement of permanent housing. n103

[*48]

   c. Other Needs Assistance

 FEMA also provides non-housing assistance to pay for other disaster-related
expenses and serious needs, such as replacement of lost vehicles and damaged
household items (appliances and furnishings) and disaster-related medical
expenses. n104 However, FEMA's procedures in awarding such assistance can
exclude low-income people. For example, benefits to replace vehicles lost in the
storm were allocated only to those who could demonstrate they carried insurance
on their vehicles (although such insurance almost never covers losses from
events such as Katrina). n105 Since low-income families disproportionately
cannot afford or do not have such insurance, such a policy, in effect, punishes
them for being poor.

   B. Barriers to Access: How FEMA procedures and policies limited assistance to
those most in need

 The federal emergency response to this unprecedented natural disaster suffered
from abysmal planning and a lethargic response to the needs of hurricane
survivors in the devastated Gulf Coast. Anecdotally, we knew the system had
broken down when, ten days after the storm, the Emergency Coordinator for
Mississippi Emergency Management Agency (MEMA) told us that he had not yet seen
or spoken to a FEMA representative. n106 When we asked where we might be able to
locate FEMA, he brusquely replied, "Your guess  [*49]  is as good as mine." The
only information we could locate at the MEMA headquarters in Jackson was a list
of ice delivery locations. The next day, we drove from Jackson, Mississippi to
Gulfport and found hundreds of families gathering outside of makeshift emergency
shelters, isolated and unable to register with FEMA. Gulfport Mayor Brent Warr
announced, "We were literally fending for ourselves," with no federal assistance
on the horizon. n107

   As we witnessed while assisting families at community legal clinics in the
days and months following the storm, applicants faced several threshold barriers
to even applying for emergency relief:

   (1) FEMA eliminated paper applications, instead requiring applicants to
register with FEMA on-line or over the phone - in areas where phone lines were
frequently jammed and internet service either down or non-existent for many
low-income families;

   (2) FEMA phone lines were overwhelmed with the sheer number of calls and
electronic applications, resulting in busy signals and hours-long holds - even
overnight;

   (3) temporary workers hired to handle the deluge of calls were
poorly-trained, with limited knowledge of FEMA's unclear rules and limitations;
and

   (4) the local DRCs were inaccessible to many low-income families,
particularly those without transportation.

   The McWaters II court recognized the emotional impact of these bureaucratic
roadblocks to recovery, stating "FEMA's indecision and internal bureaucratic
bumbling has strained even the most patient of citizens." n108 These immediate
problems were further exacerbated by procedural barriers to relief under FEMA's
IHP, as well as the SBA loan requirement. The interplay of registration problems
and shifting procedural requirements, resulted in long delays and unwarranted
denials of individual assistance for hurricane survivors - burdens borne
particularly by those with little or no resources of their own to fall back on.

[*50]

   1. A Flawed Application Process

 Families in coastal Mississippi suffered the consequences of a political storm
that arose from the lack of emergency preparedness. Red Cross shelters in
Mississippi opened a day before the disaster, but the locations were at least
160 miles north of the Gulf Coast. n109 MEMA posted emergency evacuation routes,
but offered no transportation assistance out of coastal Mississippi. n110
Without adequate resources to evacuate - and no formal evacuation plan in place
- poor families were often resigned to wait out the storm in their communities.
The lower-income families who remained would have to wait in the burgeoning
queue of those attempting to apply for emergency relief. This meant unregistered
families would face even longer delays in receiving a FEMA travel trailer or
mobile home. n111

   Two weeks after the storm, we found that limiting registration to the
toll-free line and the internet made it nearly impossible for many of our
clients in coastal Mississippi to apply for FEMA emergency benefits. Families
calling from southern Mississippi area codes grew tired of the operator's
refrain, "All lines are temporarily busy due to the storm." Only those outside
of the disaster area had a chance of reaching a live FEMA representative.
Internet access was equally limited. Thus, those with the ability to leave the
area after disaster - or, more specifically, families with the resources to
temporarily relocate outside the coast - registered more effectively. Volunteer
[*51]  efforts began to fill the gap in disaster response; companies offered
free cell phones for registration, n112 while legal advocates helped individuals
in isolated communities complete the FEMA registration process.

   a. Unclear Rules and Procedures

 Families who were able to register with FEMA in the early fall months following
the storm often spoke with poorly-trained, temporary workers faced with unclear
rules and limitations. n113 The lack of training and/or poor implementation of
FEMA guidelines gave FEMA operators broad discretion for unreviewed decisions.
Mary Price, for example, a renter in Gulfport, Mississippi, was told that she
was ineligible for IHP grant assistance until she filed her insurance claims.
n114 Perplexed, she told the operator that she had no insurance. n115 It
appeared that the name of her landlord had been mistakenly entered as her
insurance carrier. n116 Similarly, Lucy Bell was told she was not eligible to
receive grant assistance until her home had been inspected by FEMA. n117 Yet,
her entire street was cordoned off by emergency workers, and she had no phone or
postal address, making it impossible for her to meet a FEMA inspector at the
place where her home once stood. n118 Two months after the storm, she and her
family remained on a "camping" vacation, awaiting emergency relief.

   After hosting the first few legal clinics for hurricane survivors in coastal
Mississippi n119 - which included speaking to hundreds of  [*52]  FEMA
representatives on the phone and in person - it became apparent that, with FEMA,
inconsistency is the rule, not the exception. And discretion is likely to be
used to the disadvantage of those least informed of their legal rights,
particularly families with limited resources who lost personal records and had
difficulty meeting documentary requirements, such as proof of occupancy, damage,
personal property loss, and insurance coverage.

   For example, in late April and early May 2006, FEMA sent about 500 notices
summarily terminating trailer residents from the FEMA trailers in Mississippi
alone. n120 The thirty-day eviction notices did not describe why families must
leave, but rather cryptically attached a FEMA determination noting that they
were "ineligible" for other FEMA benefits such as "rental assistance." n121 In
the face of confusing and intimidating letters, many families simply gave up and
moved out. One trailer park manager reported that over a third of her park moved
out after receiving the notices. n122

   Families who waited several months to receive a FEMA trailer were now
threatened with the loss of that precious temporary housing. They did not
understand their rights to challenge the eviction. When they received the
trailer, they were told that they could remain in the unit up to eighteen
months, subject to recertification. n123 In part, the confusion was due to the
fact that notices were silent on the occupants' rights, such as their ability to
prove eligibility and recertify  [*53]  under the grant program. n124 Also,
Mississippi landlord-tenant law tilts so strongly against tenants, and provides
them such little opportunity for representation, that tenants rarely succeed in
stopping evictions. n125 Then, in June 2006, in response to a barrage of
publicity and advocacy from the Lawyers' Committee and others, FEMA suspended
the eviction of 3,000 Mississippi families from government-issued trailers. n126

   At the same time, even families who were not being threatened with eviction
from their trailers faced a cumbersome and often contradictory administrative
system. FEMA's "recertification" process n127 - requiring applicants to
establish their continuing eligibility to remain in the trailer - created a mood
of fear and uncertainty. For example, one client signed a standard FEMA
Individuals and Households Program Occupant Dwelling Lease on April 25, 2006,
which expired just five days later. n128 The lease stated that, in order to
remain in her trailer, she would have to renew the FEMA lease every calendar
month "subject to recertification of continuing eligibility." n129 This meant
that in order to avoid an eviction after May 1, she would have to enter into a
new lease and recertify. She signed the five-day lease agreement "under duress"
and came to our legal clinic fearing FEMA would evict her if she was not present
in her trailer if and when an inspector arrived for recertification. n130 Making
matters worse, FEMA issued conflicting  [*54]  statements on "recertification,"
sowing confusion as to how long families could reside in trailers, or what they
must do to remain. n131

   Though there will always be practical problems with administering temporary
housing and verifying eligibility, these problems were exacerbated in the FEMA
context due to the overwhelming number of policy decisions and guidelines that
were not transparent and accessible in a single, authoritative source so that
applicants (or even their attorneys) could correct errant decisions by directing
FEMA representatives to mistakes in their determinations. Without transparency,
it is difficult to ensure that FEMA workers, applicants, and advocates are all
playing by the same rules - heightening confusion and inconsistency.

   b. Limited Access to Disaster Recovery Centers

 Finally, hurricane survivors in disaster areas faced the problem of limited
access to the very DRCs designed as the staging areas for FEMA's first
responders. In Gulfport, Mississippi, the first FEMA DRC did not permanently
open until over a month after Katrina. The opening of the DRC was announced
September 16, but when we drove a group of hurricane survivors to the location
after September 22, we encountered a locked building with a posted sign that
read:  [*55]  "Temporarily closed due to storm." n132 The neighboring DRC in
Ocean Springs, Mississippi, opened quickly after the storm, but was located over
fifteen miles from the low-income and minority neighborhoods in Gulfport. n133
Without public transportation, most families - who either did not have a car or
lost their car in the storm - could not reach a DRC outside of their immediate
neighborhood. n134

   The obvious solution to the lack of access to DRCs in the hardest hit
disaster areas would include implementing a mobile DRC unit that could travel
extensively to neighborhoods and emergency shelters. As the McWaters II court
noted, "It defies reason that a federal agency whose exclusive provision - and
indeed, sole reason for existence - is to assist fellow Americans in a time of
natural disaster in meeting their utmost needs would fail to notify people of
the available services and the requirements for engaging those services, in some
clear, consistent, and accessible way." n135 The Red Cross, volunteer churches,
and non-profit organizations stepped in to do the work of immediate disaster
relief in the low-income and minority neighborhoods of Gulfport, Mississippi.
n136 Yet, these grassroots  [*56]  efforts alone were insufficient without a
parallel effort by FEMA to link hurricane survivors in core disaster areas with
individual disaster assistance.

   2. Particular Procedural Roadblocks

   a. Shared Household Rule

 Application (or misapplication) of FEMA's "shared household rule," which limits
benefits on a per-"household" basis, n137 was among the most significant
problems faced by families seeking assistance. At our legal clinics, this was
the single most common reason families we assisted were determined ineligible or
otherwise delayed in receiving benefits. While rational in the abstract, in
practice the rule created significant harm to the families most in need of
FEMA's assistance after the storm.

   Defining the household can be difficult, especially for low-income families.
In the abstract, the rule presumes that most households will be easily defined,
perhaps imagining a single nuclear family sharing income, food, and household
expenses. But in reality, living situations are regularly more complicated, the
lines blurred. For brief or extended periods of time, relatives or friends may
live at the same address, including a variety of scenarios where persons sublet
or rent rooms and/or "double up" in units when rent costs weigh heavily. A
variety of circumstances we encountered through our legal clinics thus belie
easy application of the "shared household" rule:

   . After initially providing her with a trailer, FEMA denied Ms. Smith's
eligibility under the "shared household" rule. Prior to Katrina, Ms. Smith
resided with her adult sister, a homeowner, and paid her sister $ 300 per month
rent for the use of her room. n138 Confirming their status as separate
households,  [*57]  however, Ms. Smith's sister refuses to allow her to relet a
room in the house since she now intends to sell the home and move out of state.
n139

   . Before the storm, Ms. Jones, her fiance, and their three-year-old son
rented a bedroom in her fiance's step-father's house. n140 Two other bedrooms
were also rented by her prospective brother-in-law and sister-in-law and their
spouses and children. n141 In all, there were four "households" within the same
house, each functionally separate. n142 However, after initially providing Ms.
Jones with a trailer for her family, FEMA subsequently declared her a "shared
household" and sought to evict her, n143 which would have required her family of
three to share a trailer with her fiance's step-father.

   . For several months prior to the storm, Ms. Brown resided as a live-in aide
to provide care to her ailing ex-husband, who was recovering from an amputation.
n144 They maintained separate  [*58]  households, living in different bedrooms
and having their own bank accounts. n145 Following Katrina, Ms. Brown evacuated
separately from her ex-husband, and subsequently relocated to a FEMA trailer in
D'Iberville, Mississippi, while her ex-husband remained out of state. n146 In
April 2006, however, FEMA determined that Ms. Brown was ineligible under FEMA's
"shared household rule" and sought to evict her from the trailer. n147

   Many of our clients presented situations similar to these, struggling either
to get assistance in the first place or to continue to receive temporary housing
assistance after an initial check was issued. While higher-income households
might also have complicated living arrangements, such complexities can often
occur when lack of income and savings push more low-income families into
short-or long-term dependence on friends and relatives for housing.

   Unfortunately, in addition to the misapplication of the shared household
rule, FEMA's mishandling of the application process compounded the problem.
These issues often arose in piecemeal fashion after the fact, with applicants
often receiving confusing and contradictory information from FEMA staff and
members of extended "shared households" being left to fend for themselves.
Typically, we would hear from an applicant who had initially been told to apply
for benefits separately from other residents at the same address - or where FEMA
never raised the "shared household" issue during the application process. Then,
later, the applicant would receive a notice that they had been denied benefits
since a member of the "shared household" had earlier applied for and received
benefits. Applicants were commonly told by FEMA staff at a Disaster Recovery
Center or on the FEMA hotline to apply separately, only to have the decision
later reversed after the application was submitted. In addition, FEMA's system
flagged such applications as potential instances of fraud, which could delay
benefits for all applicants at that address. n148  [*59]  Regardless, by denying
the second applicant as ineligible under the "shared household" rule, FEMA
ultimately left it to the two applicants to sort out the situation - in effect
giving the first applicant total discretion as to whether to share any benefits
with the other persons within the extended "shared household."

   In the cases we saw, almost invariably the recipients of the household's
benefits were not in a position to "share" for a variety of reasons. Without
sufficient savings and with FEMA benefits barely sufficient to cover ongoing
needs, many low-income persons simply could not afford to share the FEMA money.

   Moreover, the denial of the second application also certainly meant that the
original application did not cover the full losses of the entire "shared
household." The first applicant, not considering the other individual members of
the same household, would not seek sufficient housing assistance to provide
shelter for the "shared household." For example, the applicant would only seek a
trailer sufficient to house his or her portion of the household (and/or rental
assistance for a unit for those household members). In practice, this meant
that, although the second applicant was entitled to temporary housing assistance
as part of the "shared household," they received nothing. Similarly, the first
application would also not cover the full losses of the household, since it
omitted the personal property losses, medical needs, or transportation losses of
the other side of the extended "shared household."

   Defining a single household prior to the storm was difficult, but situations
became even more complex when pre-disaster households were separated by the
storm. n149 In addition to the physical separation of families due to
evacuation, many others either had to, or chose to, live apart due to a variety
of circumstances after the storm, such as finding new employment in other areas
or being near relatives or  [*60]  friends who were able to provide child or
health care and financial or emotional assistance. Of course, this did not even
address instances where familial, romantic, and other relationships were
strained or terminated by the stresses of Katrina, making it impossible to
continue to reside as a single household. n150

   However, FEMA practices failed to account for these considerations. FEMA did
not provide publicly-accessible rules or exceptions that established when a
pre-storm "shared household" could legitimately be entitled to separate
benefits. n151 Instead, it took months for FEMA to even purport to modify its
"shared household" rule to correct one of its most obvious injustices - that it
prevented delivery of assistance to households that remained physically
separated in different cities or states as a result of the evacuation. n152 In
practice, advocates encountered regular breaches of the purported policy and
FEMA staff who were unfamiliar with the new rule. n153

[*61]

   b. The SBA Loan Application Requirement

 In addition to the denials addressed above, a major factor creating extensive
delays for so many families was the federal requirement that, prior to being
considered for FEMA grant assistance, virtually all families seeking benefits
must apply for a loan from the Small Business Administration Disaster Home Loan
Program. This procedure limited federal disaster-related expenditures by
requiring those who could afford to repay disaster assistance to do so through a
subsidized loan rather than a grant. n154

   As discussed below, FEMA's loan application requirement was implemented
poorly on a policy level, creating confusion and delay. Moreover, FEMA's
imposition of the requirement itself was illegal. As the McWaters I court held
in December 2005, the Stafford Act governing FEMA benefits expressly forbids
conditioning housing assistance on SBA loan applications. n155 Unfortunately,
notwithstanding the court's decision and order, FEMA continued to issue news
releases confusing the public, applicants, and some  [*62]  advocates about the
loan requirement. n156 In June 2006, the McWaters II court condemned such
confusing tactics. n157

   The SBA requirement caused numerous problems for many of the families most in
need. First, complying with the requirement was confusing for many applicants.
While in some cases FEMA operators or staff explained the basis for the
requirement, not all applicants understood that they were required to submit a
loan application, particularly to the SBA, to receive emergency help after a
disaster. As a result, those that did not complete the application rendered
themselves ineligible for assistance. The complexity of the application itself
could pose problems for families with limited reading or literacy skills.

   But mostly, for the vast majority of families in need - those for whom the
SBA loan program was plainly unaffordable and thus inappropriate - the
procedural requirement was perverse. Many did not understand that it was in
their best interest to be denied for the very loans they were required to apply
for, and be denied as quickly as possible, since this would return them to FEMA
where they could begin to be considered for FEMA's grant program.

   In addition to confusion, the requirement introduced significant delay into
the process of receiving benefits - delay which weighed more heavily on those
without immediately available resources. Some seven months after the disaster,
in February 2006, almost 20% of the applicants referred to FEMA for assistance
remained  [*63]  unprocessed, totaling approximately 94,800 households out of
500,700 referred to SBA. n158 Naturally, several months of delay would test even
the resources of households with relatively strong savings.

   While some delay is understandable with any administrative process, FEMA and
SBA's administrative policy here appears to have exacerbated the delay by
failing to efficiently screen out obviously financially ineligible households.
SBA uses an undisclosed income level to summarily decline applicants who could
not afford to repay the SBA loan. In this disaster, 101,200 applicants out of
500,700 (just over 20%) were summarily declined in this manner. n159 But since
less than one in five applicants, only 96,100, n160 were ultimately approved for
loans, the income bar appears to be set far too low, creating an administrative
burden for SBA to review and process too many ineligible families - while
simultaneously delaying assistance to those most in need.

   In addition, FEMA further complicated matters by failing to require the
submission of income data by applicants to expedite the SBA loan application
process. Because income was not a "required field" in the FEMA application
process, and because many applicants were never told of the significance of
failing to provide an income  [*64]  level, applicants who did not complete it
were automatically referred for full application review by the SBA. n161 Leaving
the income question blank was not uncommon. Many applicants were confused by the
inquiry, since it was not clear whether they were to report their pre-disaster
income, their momentary income as of the time of the application, or some
projected income they anticipated receiving after the disaster had passed.

   In short, the loan application requirement created serious confusion that
postponed the delivery of relief and exacerbated the difficulties faced by those
who had the fewest resources in reserve.

   c. Insurance

 Having homeowners' insurance could also result in significant confusion and
delays of benefits, which were particularly troublesome for low-income
homeowners. Under law and FEMA regulations prohibiting duplication of benefits,
FEMA will not provide assistance to families who are eligible for other
benefits, including homeowners' insurance. n162 Typically, this meant that FEMA
required applicants to exhaust insurance benefits before turning to FEMA for
assistance.

   Unfortunately, particularly after Katrina, families waiting to settle
insurance disputes could remain without FEMA assistance for a significant period
of time, for several reasons. First, some policy holders were stuck in a
widespread dispute over whether the damage from Katrina was covered by typical
homeowners' policies that do not cover flood damage, n163 specifically, whether
the "storm surge" from  [*65]  Katrina was classified as flood or wind damage.
n164 In addition, some policyholders had individualized disputes over whether
their loss was caused by flood or wind. n165 Finally, the sheer volume of claims
delayed the process. n166 For the lowest-income homeowners, the delays were more
difficult, increasing the pressure on them to accept inadequate settlement
offers from their insurers. n167

   FEMA, however, could have eliminated the delays these families  [*66]  faced
by using its broad authority to extend benefits pending receipt of insurance
proceeds. n168 Indeed, under its regulations and public information guides, in
the event of delays exceeding thirty days, FEMA may provide assistance to
insured applicants, though the payment must be repaid to the extent the loss is
covered by insurance. n169 Unfortunately, in practice, FEMA frequently failed to
use this discretion to assist low-income households. Numerous clients at our
legal clinics found that their applications were being delayed or denied (i.e.,
awarded $ 0) on the basis that insurance claims were pending - even through the
later spring and summer of 2006. That so many applicants continued to be denied
or delayed benefits, when FEMA had established authority and discretion to
assist them, spoke volumes about the extent to which FEMA encouraged or
supported its staff in meeting the needs of applicants.

   Indeed, FEMA's form determination letters in this regard reflected its
penchant for obfuscating available benefits and assistance, thus further
discouraged applicants from pursuing available benefits. n170 Specifically, in
describing why applicants with  [*67]  insurance were denied benefits, the
letters did not notify them of the opportunity to seek benefits subject to
repayment once insurance claims were settled. n171 To the contrary, the letter
suggested that an applicant must know the amount of their insurance settlement
before FEMA would further process the application, implying that benefits were
denied until that time. n172 If anything, the letter could leave the confusing
impression that the applicant was denied altogether. n173

   d. Insufficient Damage/Inspection Process

 Finally, a common factor for a delay or denial of FEMA assistance was a finding
of insufficient damage by a FEMA inspector. In some instances, FEMA simply
ignored satellite mapping images:



    [Molly Devans] is a 74-year-old, disabled woman who lost everything when
Katrina destroyed her apartment. Initially, FEMA denied that she had any damage,
even though her home had been in an area that FEMA's observation satellites
determined to be a "total loss." Eventually, after [Molly] got a pro bono lawyer
[through the Lawyers' Committee's FEMA Appeals project], FEMA admitted that her
home really was in the "geospatially-determined-total-loss"  [*68]  zone, but
declined to compensate her because they needed "some time" to figure out the
value of her total loss.



 Week in, week out, FEMA and [Molly]'s lawyer [debated] the "value of loss
issue." Every week, FEMA asked her lawyer to "be patient" and suggested that
they call back "next week." This continued for 8 weeks. [Then in July], without
much patience, [Molly]'s lawyer insisted that FEMA send a good-faith payment
while their valuation team worked things out. They said they'd look into it.
Four days later, [Molly] received a $ 10,019.63 check (without any explanatory
letter). n174

 Another problem was the delay and difficulty associated with coordinating a
formal FEMA inspection. For example, several clients in our FEMA appeals project
received a FEMA eviction notice, citing "withdrawn - no contact" as the reason
for eviction. n175 We met one client, Fred Parks, at his trailer, where he
showed us his letter. n176 Mr. Parks was particularly distraught because he was
illiterate and had to rely on his sister for an explanation of his temporary
housing status. n177 Mr. Parks clung to his front porch in Gautier during the
storm, while the winds and rain destroyed his rental home. n178 After living out
of his car for months, he received a FEMA trailer only to be subject to an
imminent eviction. n179 He told us that a FEMA inspector called his sister (Mr.
Parks remains without a phone line) to arrange a FEMA inspection, but the
inspector cancelled the appointment. n180 Now, he was facing an eviction because
FEMA had not completed a formal  [*69]  inspection. n181 We called FEMA on his
behalf several times and were ultimately assured that the eviction would be
withdrawn and an inspector would be sent out to his former home. Fred Parks is
only one of the many eligible disaster survivors who faced a denial based on a
hasty or erroneous finding of insufficient damage.

   V. Advocacy and Reform

   A. Recent Stafford Act Improvements

 Drawing upon the maddening experience of Mr. Parks and other low-income
families denied benefits by FEMA or facing delays and confusion in the process,
we and other advocates urged comprehensive reform of the law governing FEMA
benefits. Overcoming FEMA's shortcomings, unfortunately, requires more than
impact litigation to hold FEMA to its existing legal and constitutional duties
or individual representation to address mishandling of particular applications.
It requires substantial reform of FEMA's governing statute to eliminate barriers
and improve FEMA's responsiveness to the needs of applicants, especially those
with low incomes. Fortunately, some provisions revising the Stafford Act, which
governs FEMA benefits, were included when, on October 4, 2006, the President
signed the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act of 2007 into law.
n182 While advocates still have much to do, these Stafford Act reforms are a
welcome change.

   Beyond substantial organizational overhaul and revisions of FEMA's disaster
response, particular provisions corrected some of the substantive problems
identified above. First, on rental assistance, the Stafford Act was changed to
explicitly allow families to use cash assistance to pay for security deposits
and utility bills. n183 This  [*70]  eliminates a significant barrier faced by
low-income families who had difficulty making effective use of the assistance if
they lacked the income to cover these ancillary costs.

   In addition, the reform bill recognized that, where a substantial share of
rental housing had been destroyed, FEMA funds should be made available to
provide longer-term, more permanent housing solutions for renters. As noted
above, this reform corrects a preference which formerly limited available funds
for improving the permanent housing stock to owner-occupied dwellings only. Two
changes address this need. First, the Stafford Act was amended to authorize FEMA
to provide semi-permanent or permanent housing to displaced households when
alternate housing resources were not available. n184 Previously, such funding
for permanent rental housing resources had been limited to insular or remote
areas. n185 This provision gives FEMA the flexibility to support efforts to
replenish rental stock depleted by a disaster and related rent increases.

   Second, the appropriations bill authorized a pilot program to make better use
of existing rental housing located in disaster areas as a means of "providing
timely and cost-effective temporary housing assistance." n186 Under the pilot
program, FEMA (or agencies it funds) may enter into lease agreements for
displaced households with owners of multi-family rental property in disaster
areas and make repairs to these properties. n187 This provides a mechanism to
quickly repair  [*71]  salvageable rental units while at the same time allowing
FEMA, through leases, to ensure that repaired units are available to
lower-income households.

   B. Significant Reform Remains Necessary

 However, additional significant statutory and regulatory reforms can and should
still be made to make FEMA's programs more effective for all households affected
by a disaster. For example, several reforms were included in one of the versions
of the bill that the Senate passed, Senate Bill 3721, but the reforms were not
included in the final legislation. n188 Among other things, the Senate bill
corrected the "shared household" rule problems in part, expressly authorizing
assistance to be provided separately to different members of a pre-disaster
household for reasons of divorce, family separation, domestic violence, or
"other good cause." n189 The Senate version also proposed to expedite adjustment
to the amount of rental assistance to facilitate its use in "extraordinary
circumstances" where fair market rents dramatically increased after the storm.
n190

   At a minimum, we urge FEMA and Congress to explore ways to address the
shortcomings identified in this article. Central reforms would include changes
to better address "shared household" rule problems and to ease and clarify
grounds for permitting persons who formerly shared an address to obtain
appropriate benefits and temporary housing after a disaster.

   Procedurally, reform should focus on introducing clarity and consistency into
the process. As highlighted in the discussion above, one of the most critical
failings of FEMA is the confusing and opaque nature of benefits provided and
procedural rights available to each disaster survivor applying for assistance.
Certainly, FEMA and/or Congress could seek to establish clearer rules to ensure
that in each disaster, applicants are adequately apprised of their rights.
However,  [*72]  FEMA's unresponsiveness to the needs of so many families may be
related to something even more fundamental.

   We firmly believe a significant reason FEMA has failed to provide such
procedural clarity is because it so adamantly resists providing individual
households with any enforceable procedural rights - refusing to even concede
that Constitutional Due Process standards govern disaster relief as they do all
other federal action. n191 The adversarial process, while not perfect, is an
effective way of bringing to the attention of agencies - and courts - ways in
which programs fall short for those they are intended to serve. At minimum, the
Stafford Act should be amended to permit federal court jurisdiction for evacuees
to sue FEMA where rights guaranteed by the Stafford Act and the Declaration of
an Emergency have been denied. Indeed, recognizing and incorporating such a
process could lead to greater clarity and efficiency in disaster relief.

   Imagine for a moment that FEMA provided a single, clear statement of the
benefits available and the procedural rights accorded to victims after each
disaster, including an open appeals process with clear statements informing
applicants of the basis used for rejecting their claims. Rather than being a
burden, such clear statements would provide applicants with the information
needed to more expeditiously resolve or, where appropriate, abandon their
requests for disaster assistance. Indeed, far too many of the cases described
above involved significant time spent by FEMA operators reviewing unclear case
files or by appeals branch staff reviewing appeals where the basis for denial
was unclear - to say nothing of the time and effort spent by advocates trying to
resolve simple mistakes. Further, a clear, public statement of available
benefits and procedures would allow for significantly greater ease in correcting
erroneous determinations by individual FEMA staff members who incorrectly
applied its policies.

   Finally, because it also requires justifying policies and procedures in an
open forum, the adversarial process could quickly correct some of FEMA's most
troubling procedures. For example, if FEMA was forced to consider its actions in
light of due process standards, it would likely not have issued trailer eviction
notices that required  [*73]  needy families to vacate their trailers while
their appeals were pending. While such change would not be easy, it would be
vital to better ensure that FEMA assistance meets the needs of those with the
fewest resources to support themselves after a disaster.

   Hurricane Katrina reminded those who had forgotten that America still has far
to go to fully include many of its citizens, especially the poorest, in its
promise. After the hurricane, President Bush expressed the eagerness of many to
overcome this unfortunate history: "There's ... deep, persistent poverty in this
region ... [with] roots in a history of racial discrimination, which cut off
generations from the opportunity of America. We have a duty to confront this
poverty with bold action." n192 It should not require the searing images from
August 2005 - or the barren landscape still present in much of the Gulf Coast -
to take this call to action seriously. Ensuring that government assistance is
effectively designed to serve all people, regardless of differences in income,
race, sex, or disability, is one obvious way to begin.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Public Health & Welfare LawHousing & Public BuildingsLow Income HousingPublic
Health & Welfare LawSocial ServicesEmergency ServicesReal Property LawLandlord &
TenantLandlord's Remedies & RightsEviction ActionsSelf-Help Remedies

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Office of Governor Haley Barbour, One Year After Katrina: Progress Report
on Recovery, Rebuilding and Renewal 5-6 (2006) [hereinafter One Year After
Katrina], available at
http://www.governorbarbour.com/documents/oneyearafterkatrina.pdf; Mark A.
Bernstein et al., Rebuilding Housing Along the Mississippi Coast: Ideas for
Ensuring an Adequate Supply of Affordable Housing, at xi (2006), available at
http://www.rand.org/pubs/occasional_papers/2006/RAND_OP162.pdf; Governor's
Comm'n on Recovery, Rebuilding, & Renewal, After Katrina: Building Back Better
Than Ever, at ii (2005) [hereinafter Governor's Commission Report]; Richard D.
Knabb et al., Nat'l Hurricane Ctr., Tropical Cyclone Report: Hurricane Katrina 9
(2006), available at http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/pdf/TCR-AL122005_Katrina.pdf.





n2.  See Editorial, Mississippi's Invisible Coast, Sun Herald (Biloxi), Dec. 14,
2005, at A1.





n3.  One Year After Katrina, supra note 1, at 15.





n4.  Posting of Anita Lee, Don Hammack & Scott Dodd to Eyes on Katrina, Our Main
Katrina Story,
http://eyesonkatrina.blogspot.com/2005_08_30_eyesonkatrina_archive.html (Aug.
30, 2005, 09:30 CST).





n5.  Douglas Brinkley, The Great Deluge: Hurricane Katrina, New Orleans, and the
Mississippi Gulf Coast 148-49 (2006).





n6.  See H.R. Select Bipartisan Comm. To Investigate the Preparation for and
Response to Hurricane Katrina, 109th Cong., A Failure of Initiative: Final
Report of the Select Bipartisan Committee To Investigate the Preparation for and
Response to Hurricane Katrina (2006), available at
http://www.gpoaccess.gov/katrinareport/fullreport.pdf.





n7.  See, e.g., Anderson Cooper 360 Degrees: Special Edition: Hurricane Katrina
(CNN television broadcast Sept. 1, 2005), transcript available at
http://transcripts.cnn.com/TRANSCRIPTS/0509/01/acd.01.html; Meet the Press (NBC
television broadcast Sept. 4, 2005), transcript available at
http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/9179790/. Aaron Broussard, Jefferson Parish
President, stated:



   We have been abandoned by our own country. Hurricane Katrina will go down in
history as one of the worst storms ever to hit an American coast, but the
aftermath of Hurricane Katrina will go down as one of the worst abandonments of
Americans on American soil ever in U.S. history.

 Meet the Press, supra.





n8.  See Video: The New Homeless: The Affordable Housing Crisis on the Gulf
Coast (Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law 2006),
http://www.lawyerscomm.org/2005website/home/video/thenewhomeless.html
[hereinafter The New Homeless]; Trisha Miller, After Katrina: Fighting To
Survive, Shelterforce, Sept.-Oct. 2005, at 19. For background on race and
poverty issues in Gulfport, Mississippi, see generally Trisha Miller, Crossing
Muddy Waters, Shelterforce, July-Aug. 2005, at 9-10.





n9.  Bush Gets Ground Tour of Katrina Damage, CNN, Sept. 12, 2005,
http://www.cnn.com/2005/US/09/12/katrina.impact/.





n10.  Press Release, Office of the House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi, Six
Months After Katrina: An Overview: Tens of Thousands of Katrina Survivors Are
Still Suffering and the Future of Gulf Coast Remains Unclear (Feb. 28, 2006),
available at http://democraticleader.house.gov/30something/docs/katrinasix.doc.
Underscoring the staggering level of housing need long after Katrina, FEMA
reported that, even as of March 29, 2006 (seven months after the storm), there
were "1,297 applicants who still needed temporary housing in [FEMA] commercial
sites" just in Harrison County, one of Mississippi's three coastal counties.
Memorandum from Bobby Weaver, Operations Chief, Harrison County Incident Mgmt.
Team, to the Exec. Comm. Members of the Harrison County Incident Mgmt. Team
(Apr. 7, 2006) (on file with authors). Troublingly, the report also noted that
even "if these [then-] projected sites become reality, there is still not enough
housing to meet identified needs." Id.





n11.  For example, as of August 25, 2006, only some 2,966 building permits have
been issued in the disaster-affected areas. Press Release, Governor's Office of
Recovery and Renewal, Mississippi Recovery Fact Sheet (Aug. 25, 2006) (on file
with author). Of those permits, virtually all were for repair or construction of
single-family homes-only sixty were for multi-family repair and construction.
Id.





n12.  Shaila Dewan, FEMA Halts Evictions from Trailers in Mississippi, N.Y.
Times, June 22, 2006, at A16 (detailing the number of families receiving FEMA
travel trailers and mobile homes in Mississippi); see Don Hammack, Event Answers
FEMA Queries: Center Hopes To Help Evicted Residents, Sun Herald (Biloxi), May
10, 2006, at A7; see also GCN Recovery News Report, Gulf Coast News,
http://gulfcoastnews.com/Katrina/GCN_Local_News_Update.htm (last visited Oct.
24, 2006) ("Nearly 93,000 people are still housed in 34,552 FEMA provided
trailers in Mississippi. Since the FEMA trailers have been issued, 12,224 have
been returned ... .").





n13.  Neglect and exclusion of low-income renters has characterized
Mississippi's plans for its special allocation of federal recovery and
rebuilding funds. In December 2005, Congress approved a special Katrina
Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) allocation for rebuilding, with $ 6.2
billion in CDBG funds awarded to Louisiana and $ 5.05 billion to Mississippi in
February. See Allocations and Common Application and Reporting Waivers Granted
to and Alternative Requirements for CDBG Disaster Recovery Grantees Under the
Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 71 Fed. Reg. 7666, 7666 (Feb. 13,
2006). Notwithstanding legal requirements mandating that the state target at
least 50% of those funds for the benefit of low-and moderate-income families,
very little, if any, of the funds have reached them. Emergency Supplemental
Appropriations to Address Hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico, and Pandemic
Influenza Act, 2006, Pub. L. No. 109-148, 119 Stat. 2680, 2780 (2005) (setting
low-and moderate-income targeting requirements). Indeed, more than a year after
the storm, Mississippi has proposed using less than 5% of the funds for
affordable rental housing. See Press Release, Miss. Governor Haley Barbour,
Governor Barbour's Comprehensive Plan for Gulf Coast Housing (Sept. 21, 2006),
available at
http://www.Governorbarbour.com/recovery/news/2006/sep/GHBcomprehensivehousingpla
n.htm. While much can, and will, be written on this topic, a full discussion of
such other relief and recovery programs is beyond the scope of this article.





n14.  Michael Newsom, Media Chased the Sexy Katrina Story, Leaving Coast Behind,
Sun Herald (Biloxi), Aug. 26, 2006, Special Edition, at 30 ("The story of
Katrina's damage in Mississippi quickly took second place to a levee breach in
New Orleans that flooded the lower Ninth Ward and St. Bernard Parish. But
because the two happened within hours of one another, the national media mixed
the two into one story and New Orleans became the focus of the hurricane
coverage."); see Editorial, supra note 2 ("As Aug. 29 recedes into the conscious
time of many Americans, the great storm that devastated 70 miles of
Mississippi's Coast, destroying the homes and lives of hundreds of thousands,
fades into a black hole of media obscurity."). As the editor of the Sun Herald
newspaper in Biloxi noted, "It became impossible not to note that we had become
a footnote to the larger story ... ." Mark Boyer, The Newspaper That the
National Media Forgot, CJR Daily, Oct. 4, 2006,
http://www.cjrdaily.org/behind_the_news/the_newspaper_that_the_nationa.php
(noting editorials "that admonished the national media for largely ignoring the
devastation that had been visited on the residents of southern Mississippi").





n15.  For example, Oxfam America established an immediate disaster response unit
in Biloxi, Mississippi, in September 2005. Oxfam America, Recovering States? The
Gulf Coast Six Months After the Storms 4 (2006) [hereinafter Recovering States].
Oxfam America catalogued the lack of political will and the poor policy
decisions that have contributed to this housing crisis in their comprehensive
report, Oxfam America, Forgotten Communities, Unmet Promises: An Unfolding
Tragedy on the Gulf Coast (2006), available at
http://www.reliefweb.int/library/documents/2006/oxfam-usa-23aug.pdf.





n16.  Shortly after Hurricane Katrina hit, Governor Barbour announced the
formation of the Governor's Commission on Recovery, Rebuilding and Renewal to
develop a broad vision for a better Gulf Coast and South Mississippi; the
Commission produced a final report in December 2005 that summarized ideas for
rebuilding these communities and presented data on the extent of the destruction
throughout southern Mississippi. See generally Governor's Commission Report,
supra note 1.





n17.  See Thomas Gabe et al., Cong. Research Serv., Hurricane Katrina:
Social-Demographic Characteristics of Impacted Areas 14 (2005), available at
http://www.gnocdc.org/reports/crsrept.pdf.





n18.  Income and Housing Data for Coastal Mississippi Counties (Nat'l Low Income
Hous. Coal., 2006) (on file with authors).





n19.  Id.





n20.  Governor's Commission Report, supra note 1, at 54. "About two-thirds of
the housing units in [Harrison, Hancock, and Jackson] counties were occupied by
households with income below the U.S. median level (approximately $ 42,000 as of
the year 2000)." Id. at 51.





n21.  Id.





n22.  See John Logan, The Impact of Katrina: Race and Class in Storm-Damaged
Neighborhoods 1 (2006), http://www.s4.brown.edu/Katrina/report.pdf. While this
article focuses on Mississippi, the losses in New Orleans were even more
disproportionately felt by minorities, renters, and low-income households. Id.





n23.  The Federal Poverty Line, published annually, is the federal government's
official statistical measure of poverty. See U.S. Dep't of Health & Human
Servs., Frequently Asked Questions Relating to the Poverty Guidelines and
Poverty, http://aspe.hhs.gov/poverty/faq.shtml#definition (last visited Nov. 16,
2006).





n24.  Governor's Commission Report, supra note 1, at 53 tbl.2. "In 2005, the
income for a family of four at 150 percent FPL [was] $ 29,000 per year." Id. at
52.





n25.  See Income and Housing Data for Coastal Mississippi Counties, supra note
18. Overall statistics on the number of units impacted may actually understate
the effect of Katrina on low-income households. Low-income families are more
likely to reside in older and substandard housing, which sustained greater wind
and water damage from the hurricane. See, e.g., Recovering States, supra note
15, at 11 ("Studies also show that low-income and minority housing units are
often older and more subject to damage than other housing ... .").





n26.  Michael Kunzelman, Unhabitable Habitats: Tenants Living in Squalor, Sun
Herald (Biloxi), Apr. 16, 2006, at A19 ("Before Katrina, the coastal office of
the Mississippi Regional Housing Authority had 1,592 units of affordable housing
. The hurricane damaged roughly 80 percent of those units, displacing 800
families ... .").





n27.  For example, Mississippi's initial plans for its special allocation of
federal rebuilding funds, see supra note 13, created a grant program to assist
homeowners outside of flood plains who lacked flood insurance - but homeowners
were only eligible if they maintained homeowners' insurance. See Miss. Dev.
Auth., Partial Action Plan for Katrina Recovery Homeowner Grant Program 4-6
(2006), http://www.mississippi.org/UserFiles/File/Home_Owners_Assistance_
Program/hap3606%20final.pdf; see also Memorandum from Will Fischer & Barbara
Sard, Ctr. on Budget & Policy Priorities, Key State Decisions Regarding Use of
CDBG and LIHTC Funds in Mississippi (Jan. 9, 2006) (on file with authors) ("[The
Governor's plan] limits assistance to the lower of $ 150,000 or the property's
insured value, and requires homeowners to rebuild to higher building standards
than were in place before the storm and maintain flood insurance in the
future.").





n28.  Recovering States, supra note 15, at 16.





n29.  Id. at 15.





n30.  Richard Fausset, 30 Days' Notice at the FEMA Trailer: Eviction Letters Go
Out to About 3,000 Katrina Victims, Who Are Told They're Ineligible, L.A. Times,
May 20, 2006, at A1 ("More than half the coast's subsidized housing stock was
uninhabitable as of mid-April, according to a survey by the Mississippi Center
for Justice, a public interest law firm."); Dita McCarthy, Miss. Ctr. for Legal
Servs., John Jopling & Reilly Morse, Miss. Ctr. for Justice, Preliminary Results
of Survey of Subsidized Housing on Mississippi Coast (Apr. 17, 2006)
[hereinafter Survey of Subsidized Housing] (on file with authors) (described in
Priscilla Frulla, Apartment Losses Near 50%: 10,000 Units Fell Victim to
Katrina, Sun Herald (Biloxi), Oct. 31, 2006, at B8); see also One Year After
Katrina, supra note 1, at 20 ("The Gulfport-based Mississippi Regional Housing
Authority No. VIII and public housing authorities in Bay St. Louis, Biloxi,
Waveland and Long Beach sustained damage to more than 90 percent of their nearly
2,700 public housing units, with approximately 10 percent of their units being
totally destroyed.").





n31.  Survey of Subsidized Housing, supra note 30; see also Frulla, supra note
30.





n32.  See supra note 13 (describing Mississippi's plans for federal
reconstruction funds to date). Mississippi's plan for its federal reconstruction
allocation creates concern that many Mississippians will be left behind,
particularly persons with disabilities, low-income homeowners, and renters.
Memorandum from Will Fischer & Barbara Sard, supra note 27, at 2-3. For program
details, see Miss. Dev. Auth., supra note 27.





n33.  See 44 C.F.R. §206.117(b)(2) (2005); FEMA, Help After a Disaster:
Applicant's Guide to the Individuals & Households Program 1-2 (2005)
[hereinafter FEMA, Help After a Disaster], available at http://www.fema.gov/pdf/
assistance/process/help_after_disaster_english.pdf (describing assistance
programs for households).





n34.  See infra note 61 (discussing rent increases). The Lawyers' Committee
hosted over twenty-five free legal clinics for hurricane survivors in the
disaster-devastated Gulf Coast from October 2005 through September 2006. Many of
the interviews with hurricane survivors, regarding poor housing conditions,
evictions, and increased rents can be viewed in the documentary film, The New
Homeless, supra note 8. In addition, the Lawyers' Committee and the Mississippi
Center for Justice intervened to prevent two illegal threats of eviction at
Edgewood Manor Apartments and Waters Mark Apartments in Gulfport, Mississippi.
Letter from John Jopling, Miss. Ctr. for Justice, & Joseph D. Rich, Lawyers'
Comm. for Civil Rights Under Law, to Rodger Ates, Jr., Resident Manager,
Edgewood Manor Apts. (Oct. 28, 2005) (on file with authors); Letter from John
Jopling, Miss. Ctr. for Justice, & Jonathan P. Hooks, Lawyers' Comm. for Civil
Rights Under Law, to Sandalwood Mgmt., Inc. (Dec. 21, 2005) (on file with
authors).





n35.  See Trisha Miller, The Second Storm: Mass Evictions Threaten Gulf Coast
Tenants, Shelterforce, Summer 2006, at 33, available at
http://www.nhi.org/online/issues/146/secondstorm.html; Ana Radelat, Many Coast
Renters Face New Eviction: Low-Income Katrina Victims Unable To Afford Higher
Payments, Clarion-Ledger (Jackson, Miss.), Dec. 3, 2005, at 1A ("Community
activists and legal aid groups say they're battling a wave of evictions of
low-income Katrina victims. They say landlords are eager to replace those
tenants with people who are willing, and able, to pay much higher rents because
housing is scarce in the Katrina-wrecked region."). See also The New Homeless,
supra note 8. For a discussion of increased rents, see infra note 61 and
accompanying text.





n36.  Miller, supra note 35, at 33; Letter from John Jopling & Joseph D. Rich to
Rodger Ates, Jr., supra note 34.





n37.  Facsimile from Bill Mays, Southland Mgmt. Co., to U.S. Dep't of Hous. &
Urban Dev. (Sept. 1, 2005) (on file with authors).





n38.  Tom Wilemon, No Place Else To Go: Edgewood Manor Tenants Tangled in Red
Tape, Sun Herald (Biloxi), Jan. 28, 2006, at A1 ("Five months after Hurricane
Katrina, damage to [Edgewood Manor] has not been repaired. People live in
apartments with partial roofs. One person subsists without running water due to
damaged plumbing."); Radelat, supra note 35 ("While some tenants were forced to
leave because their apartments were so heavily damaged, those who stayed felt
that was their best option.").





n39.  Interviews with residents, at Lawyers' Committee Disaster Relief Legal
Clinic, Gulfport, Miss. (Oct. 27, 2005); The New Homeless, supra note 8.





n40.  Interviews with residents, supra note 39.





n41.  Letter from John Jopling & Joseph D. Rich to Rodger Ates, Jr., supra note
34.





n42.  See Letter from John Jopling and Jonathan P. Hooks to Sandalwood Mgmt.,
Inc., supra note 34.





n43.  See Mike Keller, Renters Contest Eviction: Waters Mark Says It Wants To
Make Repairs, Sun Herald (Biloxi), Dec. 24, 2005, at B8.





n44.  See, e.g., Radelat, supra note 35 ("[Greg Dedeaux] spent two weeks living
in his car before returning to his unit at the Tonya Apartments with his mother,
also displaced by the storm, once repairs were made to the roof of the complex.
But like many low-income tenants on the Gulf Coast and in New Orleans, Dedeaux
now faces eviction for nonpayment of rent.").





n45.  All individual clients have been given pseudonyms for the purpose of this
article. Mr. Reynolds was interviewed by a pro bono attorney at a Lawyers'
Committee disaster relief legal clinic in Biloxi, Mississippi on April 10, 2006,
and his case was referred to the Mississippi Center for Justice for
representation.





n46.  Id.





n47.  Id.





n48. " Self-help eviction" refers to the practice whereby a landlord evicts a
tenant outside the legal system, without the use or oversight of officers
designated by the court system to ensure orderly, non-violent evictions. See
Bender v. N. Meridian Mobile Home Park, 636 So. 2d 385, 388-89 (Miss. 1994)
(describing self-help eviction method and allowing such evictions if permitted
under lease agreement). In practice, the landlord engaging in self-help eviction
simply changes the locks on the rental unit and disposes of the tenant's
personal property. Id.





n49.  Conversation with pro bono attorney at Lawyers' Committee legal clinic in
Biloxi, Mississippi (Apr. 10, 2006).





n50.  See Letter from Harry P. Hewes, Gulfport City Attorney, to All Owners and
Rental Agents of Residential Property in the City of Gulfport (Sept. 2005) (on
file with authors) (stating that "unless a residential unit is determined by
proper authorities to be unsafe for occupancy, it is unlawful to dispossess a
tenant in rightful possession of his/her rental home").





n51.  Recovering States, supra note 15, at 13. The Governor's Commission Report
notes low rates of homeownership in these areas. Governor's Commission Report,
supra note 1, at 50. While renters were 28% of all pre-Katrina households in
Hancock, Harrison, and Jackson Counties, they were 30% of households within
Katrina's Surge Inundation Limit (SIL). See id. at 53 tbl.2. Conversely, while
homeowners were 62% of all pre-Katrina households, they were 57% of those within
the SIL (43,226 of 75,733). Id.





n52.  In the disaster areas, there is a much lower rate of homeownership for
those below the poverty line (27%) than for those above it (62%). See Gabe et
al., supra note 17, at 24. According to the National Low Income Housing
Coalition, more than half the housing destroyed by Katrina was rentals, and
about 70% was affordable to lower-income renters - those making 80% or less of
the Area Median Income. See Sue Kirchhoff, Rebuilding After Katrina To Take
Monumental Effort, USA Today, Oct. 6, 2005, at 1B.





n53.  For example, the Governor's Commission Report describes the peninsular tip
of Biloxi (East Biloxi), noting that in a sample of 6,404 housing units, nearly
all households fell below the U.S. median income level. Governor's Commission
Report, supra note 1, at 54. Extensive or catastrophic damage was reported in
over 80% of these homes. Id. Less than 40% of housing units in this area were
owner-occupied, and the vast majority of the rental units were extensively or
catastrophically damaged. Id. In short, whole communities like East Biloxi can
be left behind in the rebuilding if resources do not effectively reach
low-income families.





n54.  Recovering States, supra note 15, at 8 tb1.1 (citing U.S. Census Bureau
Census 2000 data).



   African-American households in Mississippi are disproportionately
impoverished. According to the 2000 U.S. Census, African-American populations
have higher poverty rates and lower homeownership rates than white populations
in the hurricane-affected areas ... . This holds true on the Gulf Coast
generally, in rural areas (Jones County), and in five of the hardest hit urban
areas - Biloxi, Gulfport, Moss Point, Pascagoula, and Pass Christian. In
Pascagoula, where the disparity is particularly stark, the poverty rate for
African-American households at 42 percent is almost four times that of white
households at 11 percent.

 Id. at 7 (citing U.S. Census Bureau Census 2000 data).





n55.  Id. at 13. "In low-income communities on the coast, fully half of the
residents were renters. African-Americans in those [Gulf Coast] communities are
even more likely to be renters, particularly in Gulfport and Moss
Point/Pascagoula where the prevalence of renters is 63 percent and 67 percent
respectively." Id.





n56.  Id. at 8 tb1.1 (citing U.S. Census Bureau Census 2000 data).





n57.  Id.





n58.  Id. at 11. Further, studies show that these inequities are reinforced by
discrimination within the insurance industry. Testers found, for example, that
insurance agents who identified a non-white voice on the phone were more likely
to ask the location of the home earlier in the conversation. Gregory D. Squires,
Linguistic Profiling: A Continuing Tradition of Discrimination in the Home
Insurance Industry?, 41 Urb. Aff. Rev. 400, 403 (2006).





n59. " About 2,000 Vietnamese Americans live in East Biloxi alone, making up
almost 20% of the area's 8,500 residents." Uyen Le, Nat'l Alliance of Vietnamese
Am. Serv. Agencies, The Invisible Tide: Vietnamese Americans in Biloxi, MS: An
Update One Year After Hurricane Katrina 3 (2006), available at
http://www.navasa.org/pdf/BiloxiReport.pdf. "A recent (2006) mapping of the
Vietnamese-owned properties in East Biloxi showed that 70% of the Vietnamese
community lived inside the 100-year flood zone" (i.e., an area
disproportionately hit by Katrina storm surge). Id. at 12. In addition,
immigrant groups face obvious language and cultural barriers to accessing
benefits.





n60.  Compared with the non-disabled, persons with disabilities are
disproportionately poor. U.S. Census Bureau, American FactFinder, People:
Disability,
http://factfinder.census.gov/jsp/saff/SAFFInfo.jsp?_pageId=tp4_disability (last
visited Nov. 9, 2006) ("In 2000, 8.7 million people with disabilities were poor
- a substantially higher proportion (17.6 percent) than was found among people
without disabilities (10.6 percent)."); U.S. Census Bureau, Disability Status,
Employment, and Annual Earnings: Individuals 21 to 64 Years Old: 2002, available
at http://www.census.gov/hhes/www/disability/sipp/disab02/ds02t5.pdf
(illustrating that people with disabilities have mean annual earnings of $
23,034, and non-disabled persons earn $ 32,870 per year). In addition, many of
the communities impacted by Katrina have high rates of people with disabilities
(23.2% in New Orleans, Louisiana; 23.4% in St. Bernard Parish, Louisiana; 21% in
Jefferson Parish, Louisiana; 27.1% in Hancock County, Mississippi; and 21.3% in
Jackson County, Mississippi). Press Release, Nat'l Council on Indep. Living,
NCIL Action Alert: NCIL Principles on Housing Policy in Light of Hurricanes
Katrina and Rita (Oct. 13, 2005), available at
http://www.ncil.org/news/katrinahousing.html.





n61. " Rents have soared about 25% to 30%, according to the Biloxi Ocean Springs
Assn. of Realtors." Fausset, supra note 30. See also Recovering States, supra
note 15, at 14 ("Housing shortages after a disaster have a tendency to inflate
rents, which adds to the burden of already vulnerable victims' ability to
recover at a time when affordable housing is most needed. Renters will have few
resources with which to rebuild their lives, and few housing options in their
communities without assistance and resources dedicated to bringing back
affordable rental units."). The local housing authority reports that even
displaced families with Section 8 vouchers paying up to Fair Market Rent for the
coastal areas are finding it nearly impossible to locate rental units at the
former rent levels. Telephone Interview by Jesse Lawson-McCreedy with Mark
Creech, Ass't Dir., Miss. Reg'l Hous. Auth. for Region VIII (Oct. 25, 2006).
Creech informed legal services advocates that out of 1,374 Section 8
voucher-holders displaced by Katrina, virtually none had been able to reuse
their housing subsidies in the Gulf Coast. Id. Instead, some 900 or more are in
FEMA trailers, and 300 or more are spread out over 42 states using HUD Disaster
Vouchers in lieu of Section 8 vouchers. Id.





n62.  See, e.g., Keller, supra note 43; Kunzelman, supra note 26.





n63.  Mississippi has the lowest median household income in the country. See
U.S. Census Bureau, Income 2005 - Three-Year-Average Median Household Income by
State: 2003-2005, http://www.census.gov/hhes/www/income/income05/statemhi3.html
(last visited Nov. 17, 2006).





n64.  For the comments of Sam Buchanan, Director of Mississippi Legal Services,
see Video: MCJ on the Post-Katrina Coast (Miss. Ctr. for Justice 2006),
http://www.mscenterforjustice.org/gallery/gallery.html (last visited Nov. 17,
2006).





n65.  See Video: Rebuilding Lives: Lawyers' Committee Provides Hurricane Relief
in Coastal Mississippi (Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law 2006),
http://www.lawyerscommittee.org/2005website/home/video/quicktime.html. "Before
the storm, there were only two legal services attorneys for every 10,000
Mississippians who qualified for legal services." Id. (quoting John Jopling of
the Mississippi Center for Justice).





n66.  See, e.g., John Ryan, Washed Away, Lawdragon, Winter 2006, at 28; MCJ on
the Post-Katrina Coast, supra note 64.





n67.  See infra Part IV.B.2.b.





n68.  See FEMA: Disaster Assistance Frequently Asked Questions,
http://www.fema.gov/assistance/dafaq.shtm#1 (last visited Nov. 9, 2006).





n69.  See, e.g., Hammack, supra note 12 (stating that a legal clinic will
provide "an assembly-line style setup to help process people with questions
about 30-day termination notices and other FEMA issues").





n70.  McWaters v. FEMA (McWaters I), 408 F. Supp. 2d 221, 225-27 (E.D. La.
2006).





n71.  Id. at 226.





n72.  Id.





n73.  Id.





n74.  Id. at 226-27.





n75.  Id. at 236-37.





n76.  Id. at 225, 233-36.





n77.  Id. at 233-34. Displaced families were threatened with eviction initially
on November 30, 2005, then December 15, 2005, then January 7, 2006, and remained
ill-informed as to how they could obtain eligibility for continuing housing
assistance from FEMA. As the Court recounted:



   FEMA's actions in reference to its subsidy of hotels and motels have been
notoriously erratic and numbingly insensitive ... . These victims have been told
by FEMA that they would have to leave their respective hotels or motels on
November 30, 2005, then December 15, 2005. They were then told that some would
have to leave on December 15, 2005 whereas others would have until January 7,
2005 [sic]. As of December 9, 2005, the date of the instant hearing, FEMA
provided a letter which in essence stated that in the event an applicant had not
received his or her funds by December 15, 2005 the applicant could remain at
their hotel or motel. It is unimaginable what anxiety and misery these erratic
and bizarre vacillations by FEMA have caused these victims, all of whom, for at
least one point in time, had the very real fear of being without shelter for
Christmas. When Michael Hirsch, Individual Assistance Branch Chief of FEMA's
Recovery Division, was asked as to the rationale for this termination of
benefits, he seemed as bewildered as this Court and basically stated he did not
know.

 Id. (citation omitted). Unfortunately, FEMA's contradictory and confusing, even
terrifying, pattern of informing applicants about denial or termination of their
benefits was repeated later. FEMA's decision to terminate trailer assistance to
thousands of families with limited review of whether they were, in fact,
eligible to continue to reside there is one prominent example. See Dewan, supra
note 12 ("For several months, FEMA has repeatedly changed deadlines, sent
conflicting letters to applicants, and declared people ineligible for housing
assistance for the lack of signatures or failures to appear in person for
property inspections."); infra notes 120-25 and accompanying text.





n78.  McWaters I, 408 F. Supp. 2d at 235. "The majority of the persons affected
by the [hotel eviction] deadline are the most disadvantaged of our citizens
and/or the persons who lost virtually all of their property, economic
livelihood, and in some cases, family members." Id. at 234.





n79.  Id. at 236-37.





n80.  Id. at 236.





n81.  See id.; McWaters I, 408 F. Supp. 2d 221, 239-40 (E.D. La. 2006)
(modifying order).





n82.  McWaters I, 408 F. Supp. 2d at 236-37. The court subsequently made the
injunction permanent. McWaters v. FEMA (McWaters II), 436 F. Supp. 2d 802,
822-23 (E.D. La. 2006).





n83.  Following the success of McWaters, other suits challenged FEMA's
administration of disaster relief in other key respects, with mixed results.
See, e.g., Settlement Agreement, Brou v. FEMA, Case No. 06-0838 (E.D. La.
entered into on Aug. 15, 2006) (settlement agreement resolving FEMA's failure to
provide trailers accessible to disabled individuals),
http://femaanswers.org/images/a/a6/Brou_v_fema_settlement_agmt.pdf; Watson v.
FEMA, 437 F. Supp. 2d 638, 651 (S.D. Tex. 2006) (granting a preliminary
injunction that requires FEMA to permit applicants to use Temporary Housing
Assistance funds to pay utility costs), vacated, No. 06-20651 (5th Cir. Sept. 6,
2006), available at
http://femaanswers.org/images/c/cb/5th_Cir_decision_Watson.pdf.





n84.  For FEMA's description of its assistance programs for households, see
FEMA, Help After a Disaster, supra note 33.





n85.  As one report notes, lower-income "households are much less likely than
their higher income counterparts to have the resources needed to avoid hardship
and, in some cases, homelessness when the erratic federal evacuee housing
assistance system fails them." Will Fischer & Barbara Sard, Ctr. on Budget &
Policy Priorities, Housing Needs of Many Low-Income Hurricane Evacuees Are Not
Being Adequately Addressed 1 (2006), http://www.cbpp.org/2-23-06hous.pdf. The
report further observes:



   They also are less likely to have the necessary resources to cover gaps
between what federal homeowner assistance is providing and the cost of
rebuilding or replacing a home, or to be able to cope with the sharp increases
in rental costs that have occurred in a number of the areas damaged by the
hurricanes as a result of the large decline in the supply of habitable rental
housing in these areas.

 Id.





n86.  See McWaters I, 408 F. Supp. 2d at 225; see also Press Release, FEMA,
Temporary Housing for Hurricane Katrina Evacuees Includes Cruise Ships (Sept. 4,
2005), available at http://www.fema.gov/news/newsrelease.fema?id=18606
(describing FEMA temporary housing programs).





n87.  See McWaters I, 408 F. Supp. 2d at 225.





n88.  See FEMA, Hurricane Katrina Fact Sheet: Frequently Asked Questions Section
403 Sheltering, Sept. 29, 2005, at 2,
http://www.fema.gov/pdf/government/grant/pa/faq_403sheltering1.pdf. ("Do
evacuees have to register for FEMA assistance as a condition of receiving
interim housing assistance?"). Agencies operating 403 sheltering need only
submit from applicants "name of head of household; number of household members;
FEMA registration number (if available); address of damaged home; address of
interim housing; name and mailing address of lessor; number of months evacuee
resided in interim housing; term of lease in months; monthly rent; furniture
costs; penalties (if claimed)." Id.





n89.  See McWaters I, 408 F. Supp.2d at 234-36. Though a full examination of
these FEMA decisions is beyond the scope of this essay, shortly after the
disaster, the process of evaluating the eligibility of displaced families in
emergency sheltering programs created significant problems, particularly the
threat of mass displacement from emergency housing. As discussed above, in late
November 2005, FEMA announced it would terminate hotel assistance for thousands
of families residing in hotels in New Orleans and other cities if they did not
demonstrate eligibility for continuing housing assistance. Id. at 225.
Unfortunately, the terminations were scheduled on a relatively short timeframe -
a matter of less than two weeks - and the process was unclear and confusing to
many displaced families. Id. at 225, 233-34. Indeed, as with other FEMA policy
decisions, the intent appeared to be to confuse FEMA applicants and discourage
them from seeking available benefits. These threatened evictions were addressed
in the McWaters litigation, in which FEMA was ordered to extend the time to
qualify for assistance prior to termination/eviction. See id. at 236; see also
McWaters II, 436 F. Supp. 2d 802, 820-21 (E.D. La. 2006) ("While FEMA may not be
legally required to notify applicants or recipients of assistance about what
FEMA provides, much less provide any data regarding its availability or the
requirements for obtaining such assistance, one can only wonder why FEMA would
choose to not do so, as has so often been the case herein... . The Court has
seen scant evidence that any such desire for openness and clarity guided any of
FEMA's communications, and this obfuscation has acted much to the detriment of
[FEMA applicants], and indeed, the entire country."). Similar problems have
confronted terminations from other emergency sheltering programs (such as
city-sponsored apartment programs in Texas), and evictions from FEMA trailers.
See Complaint at 2, Watson v. FEMA, Case No. H-06-1709 (S.D. Tex., May 19, 2006)
(noting 7,602 households in Houston at risk of displacement as "ineligible";
2,121 households in the Dallas-Ft. Worth area), available at
http://www.femaanswers.org/images/d/da/Watson_v_FEMA_-_1st_Amend_Complaint.pdf;
infra at notes 120-25 and accompanying text (discussing trailer evictions).





n90.  44 C.F.R. §206.110(e) (2005) (stating FEMA may extend the eighteen month
period if its Associate Director "determines that due to extraordinary
circumstances an extension would be in the public interest.").





n91.  FEMA, Transitional Housing Assistance Program,
http://www.fema.gov/hazard/hurricane/2005katrina/katrinatranshousing.shtm (last
visited Nov. 21, 2006).





n92.  Nat'l Multi-Housing Council, Hurricane Housing Overview: Section 408
Assistance, http://www.nmhc.org/Content/ServeContent.cfm?ContentItemID=3635#408
(last visited Nov. 26, 2006).





n93.  See supra notes 30 (loss of rental units), 61 (rent increases); see
Fischer & Sard, supra note 85, at 5 ("FEMA has capped the amount of rental
assistance it provides at the local Fair Market Rent (FMR), a standard that is
set annually by HUD. Evidence shows that rental assistance at the FMR level is
insufficient in some markets to enable families to rent an apartment,
particularly in markets where rental costs have risen sharply in recent months
because the hurricanes substantially reduced the stock of inhabitable rental
housing, or because an influx of evacuees seeking housing has pushed rental
prices upward. Rental assistance that is limited to the local Fair Market Rent
level also is frequently inadequate for certain types of households, such as
people with disabilities who may need modestly more expensive housing with
special accommodations.").





n94.  44 C.F.R. §206.117(b)(1)(i)(C), (D) (2005) ("All utility costs and utility
security deposits are the responsibility of the occupant except where the
utility does not meter utility services separately and utility services are a
part of the rental charge.") ("The occupant is responsible for all housing
security deposits."); Fischer & Sard, supra note 85, at 5; FEMA, Disaster
Assistance Frequently Asked Questions, http://www.fema.gov/assistance/
dafaq.shtm#34 (last visited Nov. 21, 2006) ("No, FEMA cannot pay utility
bills."). In a short-lived victory for displaced families, a federal district
court issued a preliminary injunction requiring FEMA to pay amounts for
utilities for all recipients of Temporary Housing Assistance under the Section
408 program. Watson v. FEMA, 437 F. Supp. 2d 638, 651 (S.D. Tex. 2006). On
September 6, 2006, the 5th Circuit vacated the injunction. Watson v. FEMA, No.
06-20651 (5th Cir. Sept. 6, 2006), available at
http://femaanswers.org/images/c/cb/5th_Cir_decision_Watson.pdf.





n95.  The failure to cover utilities has been addressed by a recent Stafford Act
reform bill. See infra at Part V.





n96.  One displaced woman complained that, regardless of the FEMA rent subsidy,
landlords were asking her to document that her income was independently
sufficient to support the rent (more specifically, that she earned three times
the monthly rent). Multiple telephone conversations with client (most recently
Aug. 4, 2006).





n97.  See HUD, Notice PIH 2006-12: Disaster Voucher Program (DVP) Operating
Requirements 4 (2006) (describing Disaster Voucher Program), available at
http://www.hud.gov/offices/pih/publications/notices/06/pih2006-12.pdf. "Under
the DVP, the [local Public Housing Authority] assumes responsibility to not only
provide a monthly rent subsidy on behalf of the family, but also to actively
assist the family in locating an eligible unit." Id. "Under the DVP housing
assistance payments contract, the PHA pays a monthly rent subsidy directly to
the owner on behalf of the family." Id.





n98.  This shortcoming has been corrected in a recent reform of the Stafford Act
governing FEMA assistance. See generally infra Part V. As noted above, during
the response to Hurricane Katrina, funds for home repair had been limited to $
5,200, while funds for home replacement were limited to $ 10,400. See 42
U.S.C.A. §5174(c)(2)(C), (c)(3)(B) (West 2003). These dollar amounts are
annually adjusted for inflation. §5174(c)(2)(C), (c)(3)(B). These internal caps
could prove troubling for homeowners if they lacked insurance or were
underinsured. Specifically, the internal caps meant low-income owners were more
likely to face a gap in the resources needed to repair their homes. However, the
Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act of 2007, signed into law Oct.
4, 2006, removed those caps, meaning that homeowners could receive up to the
overall cap on FEMA assistance of $ 26,200. Dep't of Homeland Security
Appropriations Act, Pub. L. No. 109-295, 120 Stat. 1355 (2006) (Maximum Amount
Under Individual Assistance Programs) (striking internal caps on repairs and
replacement formerly at 42 U.S.C.A. §5174(c)(2)(C), (c)(3)(B)); 42 U.S.C.A.
§5174(h) (setting overall cap, adjusted for inflation).





n99.  Not surprisingly, the average incomes of renters are lower than
homeowners. For the three coastal counties in Mississippi most impacted by
Katrina, the difference in median income is striking:


        Hancock   Harrison  Jackson
TOTAL   $ 35,337  $ 35,502  $ 39,143
Owner   $ 39,116  $ 43,069  $ 44,959
Renter  $ 22,682  $ 25,668  $ 24,976

   See U.S. Census Bureau, American FactFinder, Detailed Tables, HCT36. Median
Household Income in 1999 (Dollars) by Tenure,
http://factfinder.census.gov/servlet/DTTable?_bm=y&-state=dt&-context=dt&-ds_nam
e=DEC_2000_SF4_U&-mt_name=DEC_2000_SF4_U_HCT036&-tree_id=404&-redoLog=true&ll_ge
o_types=N&-_caller=geoselect&-geo_id=05000US28045&-geo_id=05000US28047&-geo_id=0
5000US28059&-search_results=04000US28&-format=&-_lang=en (last visited Nov. 26,
2006). In addition, minorities are more likely to be renters than whites,
meaning the distinction has racial significance. See supra text accompanying
note 57.





n100.  See Press Release, FEMA, Disaster Aid Scenarios (Oct. 21, 2005) ("The
owner of the apartment complex cannot receive a grant from FEMA for repairs to
the building because it is treated as a business."), available at
http://www.fema.gov/news/newsrelease.fema?id=19882.





n101.  In a different context - federal rebuilding funds for Gulf Coast states -
citizens writing to the Biloxi Sun Herald argued that renters were not entitled
to assistance in the same manner as homeowners. See Gary W. Brown, Letter to the
Editor, Money To Rebuild Should Go to Property Owners, Sun Herald (Biloxi), Mar.
19, 2006 ("This money was intended to help homeowners rebuild, not to benefit
landlords who rent out homes for profit nor to give to people who had no
investment in the property in the first place. To me it sounds a lot like people
trying to get something for nothing ... .").





n102. " Rents have soared about 25% to 30%, according to the Biloxi Ocean
Springs Assn. of Realtors." See Fausset supra note 30; Recovering States, supra
note 15, at 14 ("Housing shortages after a disaster have a tendency to inflate
rents ... .").





n103.  See 44 C.F.R. §206.117(b)(4) (2005) (providing for "financial or direct
assistance to applicants for the purpose of constructing permanent housing in
insular areas outside the continental United States and in other remote
locations when alternative housing resources are not available and the types of
financial or direct temporary housing assistance described at paragraph (b)(1)
of this section are unavailable, infeasible, or not cost-effective") (emphasis
added); 44 C.F.R. §206.117(b)(3) ("FEMA may provide financial assistance under
this paragraph to replace the primary residence of an owner-occupied dwelling
... .") (emphasis added). Though no such exception was made here, the rationale
for this rule - to permit permanent construction in areas where trailers or
rental subsidies are likely to be ineffective - seems well-suited to a
catastrophic disaster such as Katrina. This exception has been broadened by
recent reform of the Stafford Act, which now permits funding of permanent and
semi-permanent housing in many additional areas, provided certain criteria
demonstrating housing need are met. See infra Part V for a full discussion of
the changes.





n104.  See FEMA, Help After a Disaster, supra note 33, at 5.





n105.  See Press Release, FEMA, Disaster Aid Scenarios (Oct. 21, 2005),
available at http://www.fema.gov/news/newsrelease.fema?id=19882 (applicant "will
need to provide proof of ownership and insurance information on the damaged
vehicle"). This car insurance requirement presents a typical instance in which
FEMA imposes a requirement but does not identify the requirement clearly for
applicants or advocates in its process. For example, this car insurance
requirement is not identified in FEMA's regulations or the materials provided to
applicants. See, e.g., 44 C.F.R. §206.119(c)(2) (2005); FEMA, Help After a
Disaster, supra note 33.





n106.  Interview with Emergency Response Coordinator for MEMA, in Jackson, Miss.
(Sept. 8, 2005).





n107.  Sally Jenkins, Hook or by Crook, Surviving Storm, Wash. Post, Sept. 19,
2005, at A1.





n108.  McWaters II, 436 F. Supp. 2d 802, 820 (E.D. La. 2006).





n109.  Lesly C. Simmons, Gulf Coast States Prepare for Hurricane Katrina, Am.
Red Cross, Aug. 27, 2005,
http://www.redcross.org/article/0,1072,0_272_4467,00.html ("All Red Cross
chapters in Mississippi north of Interstate 20 are opening shelters tonight ...
.").





n110.  See Press Release, MEMA, Evacuation Traffic Expected to Increase on
Interstates (Aug. 27, 2005).





n111.  Charles Craig, a FEMA spokesperson who participated in the Lawyers'
Committee legal clinic on October 27, 2005, noted that there was a backlog of
hundreds of families waiting on FEMA trailers in Mississippi. According to Mr.
Craig, the trailers were distributed according to the order of registration.
When one client responded that she registered a week after the storm and was
still waiting for a trailer, he told her that she should continue to wait and
check in each week at the local DRC. There was no way to confirm where she fell
in the waiting list or how long she would remain without a trailer. For the next
several weeks, she continued to live out of her car with her grandchildren.
Interview with client, at Lawyers' Committee Disaster Relief Legal Clinic,
Gulfport, Miss. (Oct. 27, 2005).





n112.  For example, Verizon Wireless donated several hundred cell phones to the
Lawyers' Committee for use in the Disaster Relief Legal clinics.





n113.  We experienced this both through the disaster relief legal clinics and
similar reports from pro bono attorneys who participated in client intake and
FEMA appeals cases.





n114.  Interview with client, at Lawyers' Committee Disaster Relief Legal
Clinic, Gulfport, Miss. (Oct. 27, 2005).





n115.  Id.





n116.  Id.





n117.  Interview with client, at Lawyers' Committee Disaster Relief Legal
Clinic, in East Biloxi, Miss. (Nov. 16, 2005).





n118.  Id.





n119.  The Lawyers' Committee hosted Disaster Relief Legal Clinics in Gulfport
on October 27, 2005, and December 14, 2005, and in Biloxi on November 16, 2005.





n120.  Some 500 eviction notices were sent out, with a total of 3,000 notices
planned. (For reference, at the time, there were less than 40,000 trailers in
Mississippi.) See Dewan, supra note 12; Fausset, supra note 29. In May, pro bono
attorneys at Lawyers' Committee legal clinics helped six trailer residents
respond to termination notices from FEMA. In June, 2006, FEMA reversed course
and the hurricane survivors were not evicted. See Hammack, supra note 12; infra
note 126 and accompanying text.





n121.  See, e.g., Letter from R. David Paulison, Acting Dir., Emergency
Preparedness & Response, FEMA, to Ms. [Brown] (Apr. 21, 2006) (on file with
authors).





n122.  Fausset, supra note 30. ("The manager[] said that about a third of the
park's 90-plus households had moved away in recent weeks. Most, she said, had
been scared off by the eviction notices.").





n123.  Press Release, FEMA, Recertification, What Does it all Mean? (Apr. 26,
2006) [hereinafter FEMA, Recertification], available at
http://www.fema.gov/news/newsrelease.fema?id=25560.





n124.  See Letter from R. David Paulison to Ms. [Brown], supra note 121.
Notably, "the letters gave the recipients 60 days to appeal the decision - but
30 days to get out of their trailers." Richard Fausset, FEMA Calls Off Trailer
Evictions, L.A. Times, June 21, 2006, at A4. Without a policy of staying
evictions pending an appeal, this provided little likelihood of relief,
particularly since an appeal could take far longer than 30 days to decide.





n125.  Mississippi Center for Justice, Gulf Coast Survey Results, 2-3 (2006) (on
file with author); see MCJ on the Post-Katrina Coast, supra note 64. According
to this survey of local landlord-tenant eviction proceedings conducted in 2006,
landlords received a judgment for eviction in 100% of cases where tenants were
unrepresented. Id.





n126.  See Fausset, supra note 30; Dewan, supra note 12.





n127.  See generally FEMA, Recertification, supra note 123.





n128.  See FEMA, Individuals and Households Program Occupant Dwelling Lease
(Apr. 25, 2006).





n129.  Id.





n130.  Id.





n131.  In one notice, FEMA suggested recertification would occur every 60 to 90
days. See FEMA, Recertification, supra note 123 ("Depending on individual
circumstances, occupants will receive one on-site visit every 60 to 90 days at
their temporary home and many telephone follow-ups."). At the same time, as
described above, FEMA leases were issued indicating recertification would occur
every month. FEMA, Individuals and Households Program Occupant Dwelling Lease,
supra note 128. Finally, on July 26, in response to public outcry and efforts of
advocates, FEMA changed its policy so that all eligible evacuees who began in
the FEMA apartments or 403 housing program and transitioned to the 408 program
only had to certify one time prior to October 31, 2006. Memorandum from John
D'Araujo, Jr., Dir. of Recovery, FEMA, to Deputy Director for Gulf Coast
Recovery, re: Recertification Extensions (July 26, 2006), available at
http://www.femaanswers.org/images/9/90/Recertif_memo_Jul26_re_403-408.pdf.
Compounding the conflicting information provided to individual applicants, FEMA
also recognized that "multiple and varying 403/408 communications [were] made to
State/local governments, landlords and individual evacuees ... ." Id. In other
words, different groups of evacuees were receiving different messages about
continuing assistance depending upon which type of assistance - Short-Term
Lodging (403) or Temporary Housing (408) - they were receiving. See id.





n132.  See Press Release, FEMA, Disaster Recovery Centers Open in Biloxi and
Gulfport (Sept. 16, 2005), available at
http://www.fema.gov/news/newsrelease.fema?id=19681; Press Release, FEMA, Threat
of Hurricane Rita Forces Temporary Closure of Disaster Recovery Centers in Gulf
Coast Counties (Sept. 22, 2005), available at
http://www.fema.gov/news/newsrelease.fema?id=19673.





n133.  See Press Release, FEMA, Disaster Recovery Centers Open in Ocean Springs
and Pascagoula (Sept. 5, 2005), available at
http://www.fema.gov/news/newsrelease.fema?id=18640.





n134.  The Insurance Information Institute estimates that 305,000 private
passenger auto claims arose from Katrina in Louisiana and Mississippi. See
Insurance Information Institute, Hurricane Katrina: One Year Later,
http://www.iii.org/media/hottopics/additional/katrina1year/ (last visited Nov.
25, 2006). In a major disaster, the problems of less-mobile populations are
exacerbated. Obviously, the elderly and disabled may have particular problems,
especially if their vehicles are damaged or destroyed. Lower-income families are
less likely to have a vehicle, and they have fewer vehicles per family member.
See Yihua Liao, Vehicle Ownership Patterns of American Households, UTC-UIC
Information Brief IB-10B-02, at 1 fig.1, 3 tab.I (2002),
http://www.utc.uic.edu/%7Efta/Information%20Briefs/vehicles3.pdf.





n135.  McWaters II, 436 F. Supp. 2d 802, 820 (E.D. La. 2006).





n136.  See, e.g., Tony Pipa, Weathering the Storm: The Role of Local Nonprofits
in the Hurricane Katrina Relief Effort, in Nonprofit Sector Research Fund
Working Paper Series 1 (Aspen Institute 2006) ("finding that small and
medium-sized nonprofits and faith-based groups are vital to our nation's
disaster response infrastructure."), available at
http://www.nonprofitresearch.org/usr_doc/Nonprofits_and_Katrina.pdf.





n137.  44 C.F.R. §206.117(b)(1)(i)(A) (2005). "FEMA will include all members of
a pre-disaster household in a single registration and will provide assistance
for one temporary housing residence, unless the Regional Director or his/her
designee determines that the size or nature of the household requires that we
provide assistance for more than one residence." Id.





n138.  Telephone Interviews with Ms. [Jones] (May 2006). See also Letter from
Jonathan P. Hooks, Staff Attorney, Hous. & Cmty. Dev. Project, Lawyers' Comm.
for Civil Rights Under Law, to Mary Ellen Martinet, FEMA Trailer Div. (May 19,
2006) (on file with authors). We also heard of instances in which FEMA initially
denied assistance even to renters in completely separate units, if they shared
an address with their landlord.





n139.  Telephone Interviews with Ms. [Jones], supra note 138.





n140.  Id.; see also Letter from Jonathan P. Hooks to Mary Ellen Martinet, supra
note 138. As news coverage of Ms. Jones's case summarized:



   But a number of residents said they were being kicked out erroneously, or for
technicalities that arise from gray areas in FEMA regulations. [Ms. Jones]'s
problem is one of the most common: FEMA officials told her she was ineligible
because someone from her previous residence had also requested a trailer.
[Jones] said her fiance's stepfather had indeed received a FEMA mobile home - it
is crammed with six people. But that doesn't necessarily mean she can't have
one. FEMA guidelines say the agency "may consider" more than one housing
application from extended families who were living on one property before the
storm.

 Fausset, supra note 30.





n141.  Letter from Jonathan P. Hooks to Mary Ellen Martinet, supra note 138.





n142.  Id.





n143.  Id.





n144.  Telephone Interviews with Ms. [Brown] (May 2006); see also Letter from
Jonathan P. Hooks, Staff Attorney, Hous. & Cmty. Dev. Project, Lawyers' Comm.
For Civil Rights Under Law to Mary Ellen Martinet (May 15, 2006) (on file with
authors).





n145.  Letter from Jonathan P. Hooks to Mary Ellen Martinet, supra note 138.





n146.  Telephone Interviews with Ms. [Brown], supra note 144; see also Letter
from Jonathan P. Hooks to Mary Ellen Martinet, supra note 144.





n147.  Letter from Jonathan P. Hooks to Mary Ellen Martinet, supra note 138; see
also Letter from R. David Paulison to Ms. [Brown], supra note 121.





n148.  See Press Release, FEMA, Do Not File Duplicate Disaster Assistance
Applications (Oct. 17, 2005) (stating that submitting more than one application
"could delay processing of your application and receipt of your assistance"),
available at http://www.fema.gov/news/newsrelease.fema?id=19786.





n149.  See, e.g., Evelyn Nieves, Families Still Split Since Katrina, Wash. Post,
Oct. 27, 2005, at A5 (estimating there are "more than 1,500 cases of "fractured
families' that have not been reunited, according to the National Center for
Missing and Exploited Children"); see also Shaila Dewan et al., Evacuees' Lives
Still Upended Seven Months After Hurricane, N.Y. Times, Mar. 22, 2006, at A1
(finding that "blacks were more likely [than whites] to have been separated from
family members" after the storm).





n150.  FEMA's failure to establish clear exceptions for these contexts could
have a disparate impact on women, particularly women with children. First, it
creates serious economic pressure to remain in a single household regardless of
how unhealthy the relationship may be, particularly for children. In addition,
it gives enormous economic power to the applicant receiving the FEMA benefits,
particularly the power to withhold housing assistance and funds for replacement
of personal property and the like from other adults in the household. For these
reasons, this situation is open to abuse.





n151.  In testimony during the McWaters case, FEMA purported to provide
exceptions for applicants who were renting separate units to house the families.
McWaters II, 436 F. Supp. 2d 802, 822 (E.D. La. 2006). However, FEMA employed
specious and circular logic to conclude that if families could not afford to
rent separate units to house the split household, then they were in effect a
single household. Id. Of course, this meant that only families with resources to
advance rent costs could take advantage of this opportunity to "establish"
themselves as separate households after the storm. Id. at 822 n.37.





n152.  See id. at 821 ("FEMA recognized that in many cases those displaced by
Katrina were separated during evacuation and were unable, for a variety of
reasons, to re-connect after the Storm, and as such, the agency claims it
modified its assistance policies accordingly, in effect providing separate
assistance to different members of a single pre-disaster household who were
separated post-Katrina.").





n153.  See discussion supra Part IV.B.2.a.





n154.  See 44 C.F.R. §206.119(a)(1)-(3) (2005) ("To qualify for assistance under
this section, an applicant must also: (1) Apply to the United States Small
Business Administration's (SBA) Disaster Home Loan Program for all available
assistance under that program; and (2) Be declined for SBA Disaster Home Loan
Program assistance; or (3) Demonstrate that the SBA assistance received does not
satisfy their total necessary expenses or serious needs arising out of the major
disaster.").





n155.  McWaters I, 408 F. Supp. 2d 221, 232 (E.D. La. 2006) (citing 42 U.S.C.
§5174(a)(2)) (""An individual or household shall not be denied assistance under
paragraph (1) [Temporary Housing] ... of subsection (c) [Types of Housing
Assistance] solely on the basis that the individual or household has not applied
for or received any loan or other financial assistance from the Small Business
Administration or any other Federal agency.'") (alteration in original).
Technically, the statute "only" bars FEMA from imposing the loan requirement on
applicants for housing assistance. FEMA does offer other related programs, such
as home repair funding and "other needs assistance." McWaters I, 408 F. Supp. 2d
at 232; see also 42 U.S.C.A. §5174(c) (West 2003) (describing the types of
housing assistance that is available to disaster victims). In practice, however,
the distinction is irrelevant, since FEMA did not provide temporary housing
assistance while the loan process was purportedly imposed for other benefits -
and did not clarify for applicants that the application was not required in any
event. See McWaters I, 408 F. Supp. 2d at 232 ("FEMA has also not made it clear
that even if Other Needs Assistance is sought, one may still receive the
Temporary Housing Assistance in the meantime or without applying for an SBA
loan.").





n156.  Press Release, FEMA, SBA Loan Application Necessary for Assistance (Feb.
13, 2006). As the title of FEMA's press release indicates, it misleadingly gave
the impression that an SBA loan application was necessary for housing assistance
when in fact FEMA could not, by law, impose such a requirement.





n157.  McWaters II, 436 F. Supp. 2d 802, 823 (E.D. La. 2006). Though the issue
was not squarely presented to the court since a motion for contempt was not
filed, the court nonetheless noted:



   Such a release, with its confusing and incorrect headline, and technical
emphasis on "other programmatic assistance' appearing only in the text of the
release, certainly seems to violate the spirit of the Court's Order, if not its
literal terms... . The Court finds it highly probable that most citizens
affected by a disaster will not know the difference between "housing assistance,
' "other needs assistance,' "other programmatic assistance' and the like. It was
this confusion that the Court's original Order meant to address, but apparently
it still remains.

 Id.





n158.  According to a confidential source at the SBA, the following numbers
(rounded) reflect the disposition of SBA loan applications as of February, 2006:

   Loan Applications Received399,500
 Applications Summary Declined101,200
 TOTAL number of applications received500,700

   DISPOSITION of applications
 Declined (Summary Declined +
 Applications Declined)258,40051.61%
 Withdrawn51,40010.26%
 Approved96,10019.19%
 Applications Still in Process94,80018.93%

   Memorandum from Jonathan P. Hooks submitted to Office of Senator Joseph
Lieberman, Ranking Member of the Homeland Sec. & Governmental Affairs Comm.
(Mar. 24, 2006) (on file with authors); see also Bill Walsh, SBA Frustrated in
Delivery of Disaster Relief, Loans Approved, but Conditions Must Be Met,
Times-Picayune (New Orleans), Mar. 10, 2006, at 4 ("The SBA continues to be
criticized for its high loan-rejection rate. Of 201,775 applications, 49,153
have been approved - meaning three out of four applicants are denied.").





n159.  See Hooks, supra note 158.





n160.  Id.





n161.  See Transcript, Nat'l Low-Income Housing Coal., Call to Discuss the SBA's
Role in Recovery (Jan. 4, 2006), available at
http://www.nlihc.org/news/010406katrinacall.pdf ("They decline to give that
information so they're automatically sent to SBA.").





n162.  42 U.S.C. §5155(a) (2000); 44 C.F.R. §§206.110(h), 206.113(a)(2) (2005).





n163.  In Mississippi alone, several class actions were filed disputing the
extent of loss covered by various homeowners' insurance policies. See, e.g.,
Class Action Complaint for Damages and Declaratory Relief, Comer v. Nationwide
Mut. Ins. Co., No. 1:05CV436 LG-RHW, (S.D. Miss. 2006) (purported class of
Mississippi homeowners with property in the path of Hurricane Katrina); Class
Action Complaint on Contract of Insurance, Guice v. State Farm Fire & Cas. Co.,
No. 1:06CV1LG-RHW, (S.D. Miss. 2006) (purported class of homeowners and
residents of Hancock, Harrison, and Jackson Counties who owned State Farm home
insurance policies ).





n164.  Guice v. State Farm Fire & Cas. Co., No. 1:06CV1-LTS-RHW, 2006 U.S. Dist.
LEXIS 57571, at 11 (S.D. Miss. Aug. 14, 2006).





n165.  News reports have also indicated that one of the largest insurers, State
Farm, may have tried to fraudulently reduce its loss by hiding reports
indicating that some losses were due to covered wind damage, not floodwaters.
See Anita Lee, Grand Juries Looking at State Farm, Sun Herald (Biloxi), Sept.
28, 2006, at A1.





n166.  See, e.g., Dean Starkman & Albert B. Crenshaw, Homeowners Wait for Claims
To Be Adjusted; Industry Chokes on Volume of Work, Wash. Post, Sept. 29, 2005,
at D1 ("Some 10,000 insurance adjusters are deploying in the Gulf Coast region
to handle more than 1 million claims expected to result from Katrina and Rita.
But their progress has been slowed by their inability to inspect houses in
inaccessible sections of the disaster areas and by the sheer bulk of the
claims... . For now, claims-handling is the most pressing issue for
policyholders. While some homeowners report prompt service under difficult
circumstances, others complain of busy signals, unreturned calls and dangling
claims waiting for an insurance adjuster's visit. Irate homeowners have flooded
insurance departments with complaints about claims denied on the basis of the
flood exclusion."); Dean Starkman, The Legal Storm in Katrina's Wake; Battles
over Insurance Claims Begin to Clog Gulf Coast Dockets, Spill into State
Legislatures, Wash. Post, Aug. 30, 2006, at D1 ("Across the Gulf Coast, ... more
than a million policyholders have turned to their insurers for payment on
homeowner's, commercial and other insurance claims. Battles over claims have
clogged state and federal courts here and spilled into state legislatures.");
Joseph B. Treaster, Tempers Flare as Agents Assess Storm's Damage, N.Y. Times,
Oct. 4, 2005, at A16 ("Many homeowners are still waiting for a first contact
from their company and others haggle with agents and adjusters over whether
water or wind flattened their home and how much, if anything, their policies
will pay.").





n167.  Compared to whites, minorities were statistically more likely to accept
low settlement offers, rather than dispute them. See Rukmini Callimachi & Frank
Bass, Study: Whites Pursued Katrina Insurance Claims More Aggressively,
Pittsburg Post-Gazette, Oct. 25, 2006, at E1 ("Though poor and minority
neighborhoods suffered the brunt of Katrina's fury, residents living in white
neighborhoods have been three times as likely as homeowners in black
neighborhoods to seek state help in resolving insurance disputes, according to
an Associated Press computer analysis.").





n168.  See 42 U.S.C.A. §5155(b)(1) (West, Westlaw through P.L. 109-279) ("This
section shall not prohibit the provision of Federal assistance to a person who
is or may be entitled to receive benefits for the same purposes from another
source if such person has not received such other benefits by the time of
application for Federal assistance and if such person agrees to repay all
duplicative assistance to the agency providing the Federal assistance.").





n169.  FEMA, Help After a Disaster, supra note 33, at 10 (assistance may be
provided "if a decision on your insurance settlement has been delayed longer
than 30 days from the time you filed the claim"); see also 44 C.F.R.
§206.110(h)(1) (2005) (FEMA will provide assistance if "payment of the
applicable benefits are significantly delayed"); 44 C.F.R. §206.113(a)(3) (2005)
(FEMA will provide assistance "when the insured individual or households'
insurance proceeds have been significantly delayed through no fault of his, her
or their own, and the applicant has agreed to repay the assistance to FEMA or
the State from insurance proceeds that he, she or they receive later"); 44
C.F.R. §206.116(a) (2005) (requiring repayment).





n170.  The full text of FEMA's form letter pertaining to insurance denials
provides:



   Applicants with Insurance: Your application for assistance may be placed on
hold to allow you time to file your insurance claim. Federal law prohibits FEMA
or the State from duplicating assistance that may be available from insurance. A
$ 0 amount listed above does not necessarily mean that you are ineligible for
assistance. It means that FEMA needs to know the amount of your insurance
settlement and your unmet needs before we can process your application further.

 Letter from R. David Paulison, Acting FEMA Dir., Emergency Preparedness &
Response (Oct. 31, 2005), available at http://www.probono.net/ms/fema.cfm
(follow "Complete Sample Intake (prepared by the Lawyers' Committee for Civil
Rights Under Law)" hyperlink).





n171.  Id.





n172.  Id.





n173.  FEMA's own press releases confirm that it knew its language was likely to
sow confusion. Indeed, the titles of the releases themselves recognize that the
letters would be construed as "denial letters." See, e.g., Press Release, FEMA,
FEMA Denial Letter May Not Mean Denial of Assistance, (Oct. 23, 2005) ("Any
applicant who receives a letter from FEMA stating that a claim for federal
assistance has been denied because of insurance coverage should contact his/her
insurance agent and request a "delay of settlement' letter."), available at
http://www.fema.gov/news/newsrelease.fema?id=19982; Press Release, FEMA Denial
Letters May Not Be Last Word, (Jan. 7, 2006) ("Those who receive denial letters
from FEMA deeming them ineligible because of insurance may later receive
assistance" by submitting appropriate paperwork) (emphasis added), available at
http://www.fema.gov/news/newsrelease.fema?id=22238. Unfortunately, FEMA did not
correct this confusing language in its form letter. Thus, the same language
continued to be sent to applicants throughout the disaster.





n174.  Press Release, Lawyers' Comm. For Civil Rights Under Law, Stories
Ongoing, One Year Later (Aug. 16, 2006) (on file with authors).





n175.  See, e.g., Letter from R. David Paulison, Acting Dir., Emergency
Preparedness & Response, FEMA to Mr. [Parks] (Jan. 16, 2006) (on file with
authors).





n176.  Id.





n177.  Interview with Mr. [Parks], in Gautier, Miss., (May 18, 2006). Mr. Parks
had to have his sister write a letter to FEMA on his behalf. See Letter from Ms.
[Parks] to FEMA (May 21, 2006) (on file with authors).





n178.  Id.





n179.  Interview with Mr. [Parks], supra note 177.





n180.  Id.; see Letter from R. David Paulison, Acting Dir., Emergency
Preparedness & Response, FEMA to Mr. [Parks] (May 3, 2006) (on file with
authors).





n181.  Interview with Mr. [Parks], supra note 177.





n182.  Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act of 2007, PL 109-295,
120 Stat. 1355 (codified as amended in scattered sections of U.S.C.).





n183.  See Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act of 2007,
§689d(1)-(2), 120 Stat. at 1452, (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C.A. §5174
(c)(1)(A)(i)-(ii) (West, Westlaw through P.L. 109-367, excluding P.L. 109-304,
P.L. 109-351, P.L. 109-364 to P.L. 109-366 )) (providing that housing assistance
"may include the payment of the cost of utilities, excluding telephone service,"
as well as the cost of "security deposits"). Whether pre-existing law required
FEMA to allow applicants to use assistance for utilities had been litigated in
Watson. See supra note 94.





n184.  See §685(1)-(2), 120 Stat. at 1447, (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C.A.
§5174(c)(4) (West, Westlaw through P.L. 109-367, excluding P.L. 109-304, P.L.
109-351, P.L. 109-364 to P.L. 109-366 )) (striking the restriction on funding
"permanent housing construction" to only "remote" locations and permitting such
construction in any location where "no alternative housing resources are
available" and FEMA's temporary housing assistance is "unavailable, infeasible,
or not cost-effective").





n185.  §685, 120 Stat. at 1447.





n186.  §689i(a)(1), 120 Stat. at 1454 (codified as amended at 6 U.S.C.A. §776
(a)(1) (West, Westlaw through P.L. 109-367, excluding P.L. 109-304, P.L.
109-351, P.L. 109-364 to P.L. 109-366)) ("The pilot program shall be designed to
make better use of existing rental housing, located in areas covered by a major
disaster declaration, in order to provide timely and cost-effective temporary
housing assistance to individuals and households eligible for assistance under
section 408 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance
Act (42 U.S.C. 5174) where alternative housing options are less available or
less cost-effective.").





n187.  §689i(a)(2)(A)(i)-(ii), 120 Stat. at 1454 (codified as amended at 6
U.S.C.A. §776(a)(2)(A)(i)-(ii) (West, Westlaw through P.L. 109-367, excluding
P.L. 109-304, P.L. 109-351, P.L. 109-364 to P.L. 109-366)) (permitting FEMA to
"enter into lease agreements with owners of multi-family rental property" and to
"make improvements to properties under such lease agreements").





n188.  See S. 3721, 109th Cong. (as reported with an amendment, Aug. 3, 2006).





n189.  S. 3721, §218(a).





n190.  S. 3721, §218(b).





n191.  See McWaters II, 436 F. Supp. 2d 802, 812 (E.D. La. 2006) ("Essentially
defendants argue that under the aegis of sovereign immunity, FEMA may commit
unconstitutional acts and not be subject to any judicial review.").





n192.  Michael A. Fletcher, Bush's Poverty Talk Is Now All but Silent: Aiding
Poor Was Brief Priority After Katrina, Wash. Post July 20, 2006, at A4.


                             600 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 28, 2014 Wednesday

Maryland: PROGRAM MANAGER SENIOR I [045571] Recruitment #14-005482-005

LENGTH: 793  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


State of Maryland has issued the following job vacancy:

PROGRAM MANAGER SENIOR I [045571]

Director, Multifamily Asset Management

Recruitment #14-005482-005
Date Opened  5/19/2014 4:10:00 PM
Filing Deadline  6/3/2014 11:59:00 PM
Salary  $67,606.00 - $108,557.00/year
Employment Type  Full-Time
HR Analyst  Alicia Townsend
Work Location  Anne Arundel
Go Back Click HERE to apply Click HERE to view benefits
Introduction

Work that Matters. The Maryland Department of Housing and Community Development
(DHCD) is a national leader in the financing and development of affordable
housing and community development lending.  As such, the primary function of the
Division of Credit Assurance is to provide strong management of the State's
multifamily assets, including proactive early loss mitigation in order to ensure
minimal risk and limited losses to the Department.  The multifamily unit manages
and monitors of all multifamily services for DHCD insurance and loans with
regard to collection, forbearance, default/workout and loss mitigation
activities. Also, this team performs high level technical underwriting analysis
of lenders' applications for mortgage insurance, including HUD/MHF Risk Share,
on multifamily housing projects and developments.  DHCD encourages and supports
affordable homeownership and rental housing in Maryland. We are good but strive
to be great.  To make this happen our team needs members that will challenge the
status quo, effectively communicate ideas and issues, independently bring forth
practical and efficient solutions, believe change is good and want to come to
work knowing that what they do makes a difference in their neighborhood.
GRADE
23
LOCATION OF POSITION
Crownsville, Maryland

In the future, DHCD will be relocating from Crownsville, Anne Arundel County, to
the New Carrollton transit stop location in Prince George's County.
POSITION DUTIES
Incumbent responsibilities include public policy development and the
co-administration of a multi-faceted real estate mortgage insurance and asset
management operation.  The candidate should be a seasoned financial manager with
extensive multi-family and business loan management/operations, asset
disposition/workout experience and regulatory compliance experience.  The
Department is seeking a decisive, organized and thorough executive with
exceptional policy formulation and development expertise coupled with
discretion, diplomacy and tact.  The successful candidate will possess solid
proven skills in providing operational alternatives and in defining value-added
revenue opportunities for the Division.
MINIMUM EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS

Minimum Qualifications are REQUIRED. Please read carefully.

Education: Advanced degree in Public Policy, Public Administration, or a closely
related field.

Experience: Five years' experience in program management or executive level
service, with work in financial institutions and/or government housing program
experience or the administration of a multi- faceted real estate mortgage
insurance and asset management operation.

Notes: Bachelor's degree and additional work experience in public policy
development or related experience may be substituted for the graduate level
education on a year-for-year basis.
DESIRED OR PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Applicants should also have experience in multi-family housing activities,
mortgage loan origination, underwriting real estate development and investment
and large portfolio management, including expertise in dealing with troubled
loans.
SELECTION PROCESS
Please provide sufficient information on your application to document that you
meet the minimum qualifications for this recruitment. Please provide
transcripts, certifications or diplomas to document educational or certification
qualifications. Educational credentials from foreign countries must be evaluated
by an approved education review service. This evaluation must be submitted with
your application. For further information, you may call International
Consultants of Delaware, Inc. (302) 737-8715 or World Education Services Inc.
1-800-932-3897 or (202) 331-2925. Successful candidates will be placed on the
employment (eligible) list for at least one year. Eligible list may be used to
fill future vacancies of the same classification.
EXAMINATION PROCESS
The examination will consist of a rating of your education, training, and
experience related to the requirements of the position.  You may be required to
complete a qualifications supplement, or the rating may be based on your
application.  Therefore, it is important that you provide complete and accurate
information on your application.  Report all experience and education that is
related to this position.

For Further information please visit: http://www.jobaps.com A

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             601 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 20, 2014 Tuesday

Maryland: PROGRAM MANAGER SENIOR I [045571]

LENGTH: 793  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


State of Maryland has issued the following job vacancy:

PROGRAM MANAGER SENIOR I [045571]

Director, Multifamily Asset Management

Recruitment #14-005482-005
Date Opened  5/19/2014 4:10:00 PM
Filing Deadline  6/3/2014 11:59:00 PM
Salary  $67,606.00 - $108,557.00/year
Employment Type  Full-Time
HR Analyst  Alicia Townsend
Work Location  Anne Arundel
Go Back Click HERE to apply Click HERE to view benefits
Introduction

Work that Matters. The Maryland Department of Housing and Community Development
(DHCD) is a national leader in the financing and development of affordable
housing and community development lending.  As such, the primary function of the
Division of Credit Assurance is to provide strong management of the State's
multifamily assets, including proactive early loss mitigation in order to ensure
minimal risk and limited losses to the Department.  The multifamily unit manages
and monitors of all multifamily services for DHCD insurance and loans with
regard to collection, forbearance, default/workout and loss mitigation
activities. Also, this team performs high level technical underwriting analysis
of lenders' applications for mortgage insurance, including HUD/MHF Risk Share,
on multifamily housing projects and developments.  DHCD encourages and supports
affordable homeownership and rental housing in Maryland. We are good but strive
to be great.  To make this happen our team needs members that will challenge the
status quo, effectively communicate ideas and issues, independently bring forth
practical and efficient solutions, believe change is good and want to come to
work knowing that what they do makes a difference in their neighborhood.
GRADE
23
LOCATION OF POSITION
Crownsville, Maryland

In the future, DHCD will be relocating from Crownsville, Anne Arundel County, to
the New Carrollton transit stop location in Prince George's County.
POSITION DUTIES
Incumbent responsibilities include public policy development and the
co-administration of a multi-faceted real estate mortgage insurance and asset
management operation.  The candidate should be a seasoned financial manager with
extensive multi-family and business loan management/operations, asset
disposition/workout experience and regulatory compliance experience.  The
Department is seeking a decisive, organized and thorough executive with
exceptional policy formulation and development expertise coupled with
discretion, diplomacy and tact.  The successful candidate will possess solid
proven skills in providing operational alternatives and in defining value-added
revenue opportunities for the Division.
MINIMUM EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS

Minimum Qualifications are REQUIRED. Please read carefully.

Education: Advanced degree in Public Policy, Public Administration, or a closely
related field.

Experience: Five years' experience in program management or executive level
service, with work in financial institutions and/or government housing program
experience or the administration of a multi- faceted real estate mortgage
insurance and asset management operation.

Notes: Bachelor's degree and additional work experience in public policy
development or related experience may be substituted for the graduate level
education on a year-for-year basis.
DESIRED OR PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Applicants should also have experience in multi-family housing activities,
mortgage loan origination, underwriting real estate development and investment
and large portfolio management, including expertise in dealing with troubled
loans.
SELECTION PROCESS
Please provide sufficient information on your application to document that you
meet the minimum qualifications for this recruitment. Please provide
transcripts, certifications or diplomas to document educational or certification
qualifications. Educational credentials from foreign countries must be evaluated
by an approved education review service. This evaluation must be submitted with
your application. For further information, you may call International
Consultants of Delaware, Inc. (302) 737-8715 or World Education Services Inc.
1-800-932-3897 or (202) 331-2925. Successful candidates will be placed on the
employment (eligible) list for at least one year. Eligible list may be used to
fill future vacancies of the same classification.
EXAMINATION PROCESS
The examination will consist of a rating of your education, training, and
experience related to the requirements of the position.  You may be required to
complete a qualifications supplement, or the rating may be based on your
application.  Therefore, it is important that you provide complete and accurate
information on your application.  Report all experience and education that is
related to this position.

For Further information please visit: http://www.jobaps.com A

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             602 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                          February 18, 2015 Wednesday

$8M in housing work planned;
New construction, renovation proposals in Dayton seek tax credits.;
NEW DETAILS

BYLINE: By Cornelius Frolik

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 715 words


CountyCorp is applying for millions of dollars worth of tax credits for two
affordable housing projects in Dayton that would create 40 new units and
renovate another 40.

The private, nonprofit development organization wants to purchase and
rehabilitate the Whitmore Arms, a five-building apartment complex in West
Dayton.

The group also wants to build a new apartment complex called Brandt Meadows in
North Dayton, featuring one-story patio homes. Officials said each project is
expected to cost about $4 million.

Dayton commissioners tonight are expected to vote on and likely approve two
informal resolutions declaring the city's support of the projects, improving the
chances they will receive tax incentives from the state.

"Our role is to preserve affordable housing in Dayton and continue reinvestment
in the neighborhoods," said Adam Blake, CountyCorp's vice president of housing.
"This year, both of those projects have the city's No. 1 and No. 2 priority
designation, and we feel confident both will be funded."

The Ohio Housing Finance Agency provides Housing Tax Credits to developers who
build and offer affordable rental housing to low-income residents.

Applications for the next round of tax credits are due at the end of the week.
The awards should be announced in May.

CountyCorp is asking for tax credits to buy and rehabilitate the Whitmore Arms
apartments at 247 Almond Ave. and construct a new housing complex on Brandt
Pike, south of Needmore Road. The projects cannot move forward without tax
incentives, officials said.

The Whitmore Arms will be subsidized housing run by Greater Dayton Premier
Management, Blake said.

The units will have to remain affordable to households at or below 60 percent of
the area median income for years.

Current tenants who want to continue living in the apartments will be relocated
temporarily. Many residents are expected to remain.

Upgrades to the 50-year-old apartments will include the installation of a brand
new HVAC system, new electrical systems and infrastructure improvements. The
units currently lack some of the amenities people want when seeking housing,
such as modern kitchens, bathrooms and window fixtures, city officials said.

"We're stabilizing that property, in effect for another 50 years," Blake said.

Brandt Meadows will be a fixed-rent project, meaning the initial income of
residents cannot exceed a certain threshold, but there are no ongoing
restrictions on income once they move in, Blake said. The development will offer
multi-family, garden-style units.

Both developments will feature energy-efficient systems.

Both will have a community center and offer support services for tenants,
including transportation, employment, educational and tax-filing assistance.

"They may have after-school tutoring for families with children, or they could
use (the space) for resident meetings," said Amy Riegel, community development
manager in Dayton's department of planning and community development.

CountyCorp will own the properties. Oberer Residential Construction will be in
charge of construction.

If the state awards the projects tax credits, construction is expected to begin
this winter and wrap up in summer of 2016, officials said.

CountyCorp last year submitted an application requesting tax credits for the
Brandt Meadows development. But the project did not receive Dayton's priority
designation, and the request was denied.

Instead, the city's two designations went to a proposed rehab of the YWCA Dayton
and the phase II renovation of Roosevelt Homes. The state awarded both projects
tax credits.

Last year, the state distributed more than $27 million in federal housing tax
credits to 46 developments serving families, seniors and individuals with
disabilities in 31 counties.

Dayton's priority designation means Brandt Meadows and Whitmore Arms will
receive points in the state's competitive scoring process, Riegel said. The
projects likely will receive an award, especially considering they should be the
only submissions from Montgomery County, she said.

"Of course you are competing against whatever the rest of the state submits -
and it could be a tough year, as has happened before - but we feel confident
that these are really good projects that will compete well," she said.

Contact this reporter at 937-225-0749.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             603 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 17, 1978, Saturday, Final Edition

Builders Reassess Plans After Sewer Ban Lifted;
Builders Reassess Maryland Plans As Sewer Ban Ends;
Builders Are Reassessing Md. Projects

BYLINE: By John B. Willmann

SECTION: Real Estate; Realty Happenings; E1

LENGTH: 1176 words


Local developers and builders aren't really jubilant about Maryland's recent
removal of a ban on new sewer connections in the Anacostia drainage area.
Development plans for many in that swath of Montgomery and Prince George's
country had been delayed by the eight-year moratorium.

Developer Ralph J. Duffie, who has built hundreds of moderate-rent apartments in
the affected White Oak area along Rte.29, said that his firm now will have to
rethink its plans.  Duffie has undeveloped ground on which approximately 500
high-rise and 400 garden apartments could be built.

"We will have to do something to retain our priority for sewer taps," he said,
"but now it could be town houses built for sale rather than apartments." The
ground could also be sold to another developer.

Duffie said that the cost of building private market rental apartments has
doubled in the intervening years to almost $30,000 a unit.  He said it is
unlikely that apartment-hunters would be willing to pay the high rents that
would have to be charged to make a profit - in view of today's high financing
costs and inflated construction prices.

Duffie said he is seeking state-backed financing to build dwelings in the White
Oak area for low- to moderate-income tenants eligible for HUD rental subsidies.

Northeast of White Oak. it is now likely that town houses will be built in
Calverton. a 10-year-old community of detached houses built by MCD Enterprises
Inc. just east of Rte. 29.

"We have some ground that was earmarked for rental apartments." said MCD
executive vice president Warren Pearce.  "But residents of Calverton told us
that they preferred to have town houses and supported us before the freeze was
lifted."

He said a group of 200 town houses priced in the $50,000 range will probably be
started next spring in the Prince George's section of Calverton.

Robert E. Brennan, a builder and former executive of the Suburban Maryland Home
Builders Association, said the state could have lifted the ban earlier because
the sewer capacity was available.

"Now there are major economic restraints caused by the high costs of housing,"
said Brennan, who is a Republican candidate for the Montgomery County Council.
"How can people cope with housing costs that are still rising?"

John Brusnighan. assistant general manager of the Washington Suburban Sanitary
Commission, noted that no new sewage capacity was created for the Anacostia area
but that sewage transmission problems were corrected.

He said Prince George's County has additional sewage treatment capacity as the
result of new facilities and should have the potential for increased residential
and commercial development.  He said there is still some available capacity for
Montgomery County, which sends all of its effluent to the Blue Plains treatment
plant in the District.

Susan Matlick. executive vice president of the Suburban Maryland Builders
Association. said that country councils in both Montgomery and Prince George's
now are allocating sewer connections to requesting builders and developers.

"It is unlikely that much new rental multi-family housing will be built in
either Montgomery or Prince George's, she said.

Joseph C. Rodgers an engineer who works with builders and is a member of the
SMHBA sewer policy committee, said that some builders who are eligible for sewer
connections for apartments may be unlikely to use them and might thus generate
capacity for other projects.

"They have to pay a fee up front to insure sewer service or else lose the
allocation.  Then it could be granted elsewhere in Montgomery County," he added.

Lester Smith, an engineer who works on the home builder committee that reviews
sewer problems in Prince George's, said that more residential and commerical
devlopment could be expected in the Bladensburg.  Hyattsville and Beltsville
areas east of Rte. 29 because "the residential market has been strong, even in
the upper ranges over $80,000."

Prince George's County has been encouraging the construction of single-family
houses, along with industrial growth, and has been downplaying apartment
construction.

Meanwhite, it is likely that a new treatment facility - financed by 35
developers and builders - will be in service later this summer in Montgomery
County.  The $9-million Rock Creek advanced wastewater treatment plant is nearly
completed and ready for testing.

Located near Rockville, the plant will be able to treat 3 million gallons of
sewage daily, according to Larry Cartanao, an executive of a building firm who
has been on leave to administer construction of the plant.

"We hope to begin testing the new facility in July and turn it over to the WSSC
for operation before the end of the summer," he said.  Builders supported this
project in order to insure additional sewage treatment capacity service for
projects they wanted to build.

It will probably serve nearly 7,000 residential sewer hook-ups and 2.6 million
square feet of industrial and commercial use, Cartano said.

Last year Rossmoor, an adult community near Norbeck, completed its own
$3.6-million treatment plant in order to obtain Montgomery County approval to
build more dwellings.  The 900-acre community, started in the mid-1960s, has
felt the effects of the general sewage service moratorium imposed in the early
1970s.

Montgomery County has been stymied by the federal government in an attempt to
build an up-county sewage treatment plant near Dickerson. Plans for the plant,
which would require costly, up-hill pumping, were rejected by the Environmental
Protection Agency.

County executive James Gleason has maintained that Montgomery needs its own
plant to insure capacity for residential and commercial growth without being
totally dependent on the Blue Plains facility and D.C. government approval.

In the period when both residential and commercial development were curtailed in
suburban Maryland by the sewer moratorium, some area builders and developers
moved their operations across the Potomac to Northern Virginia.

Now much of the area's new residential development is in Fairfax County.
Montgomery's residential construction pace has slowed from 10,445 units in 1967
to 2,032 units in 1976 and 2,800 last year.

Now, with the lifting of the sewer ban and the creation of new sewer capacity,
it is possible that the next few years may see a revival of residential
construction in Prince George's County.  In particular, this revival may take
place in the Largo area, where the Northampton Corp. plans to build large,
single-family houses around a golf course.  That area near the Capital Centre
will also be the focus of new commercial development.

Earlier this week an impasse resulted among area jurisdictions over the disposal
of the mounting amount of sludge resulting from sewage treatment at the Blue
Plant.  As a result, the jurisdictions were warned by the Environmental
Portection Agency that failure to agree on sludge disposal would risk a
federally imposed sewer mortatorium that could dampen the area-wide construction
boom.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1978 The Washington Post


                             604 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                           February 21, 2006 Tuesday
                              Correction Appended

Mission Viejo OKs plan for 144 homes;
Project includes Target store and helps city meet low-income housing rules.

BYLINE: By MARIA HSIN , THE ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 385 words

DATELINE: MISSION VIEJO


The City Council late Monday voted 5-0 to approve the construction of 144
townhomes and a Target store on a vacant 23-acre lot.

The project moves Mission Viejo closer to meeting its low-income housing
requirement.

More than 20 people, most of them opposed to the Aliso Ridge project, addressed
the City Council.

``No one's entitled to live here,'' resident Joe Holtzman said of the 22
low-income townhomes that would be built. ``You earn your way into this
community.''

Another resident, Donna Ferguson, called the lot a ``trouble spot for teens''
and said she would like to see a Target store built at Los Alisos Boulevard and
Jeronimo Road.

On affordable housing, she said teachers, police officers and military personnel
are ``not asking for handouts.''

Ralph Deppisch, an executive with the developer, Steadfast Investment
Properties, gave an overview of the project and said it's one ``we believe
Mission Viejo can be proud of.''

Steadfast Investment Properties first approached the city two years ago with a
plan for homes and 168 multi- family, low-income rentals. That proposal and
another were rejected.

The state Housing and Community Development Department, which oversees cities'
housing plans, says Mission Viejo doesn't have enough affordable-housing units
to comply with state law.

Approval of Aliso Ridge leaves the city 94 units shy.

Mission Viejo, Cypress, Laguna Hills and Dana Point are the only Orange County
cities that have not met the state law.

The compliance rate in California is 72 percent.

The council did not discuss whether a portion of its redevelopment funds could
be put toward Aliso Ridge and the Townhomes on Los Alisos, a housing project
approved in September.

The money would cover the difference between what the affordable units sold for
and their full market price.

The city has about $3 million in redevelopment money that must be used for
affordable housing, said Irwin Bornstein, the assistant city manager and
director of administrative services.

Aliso Ridge and The Townhomes on Los Alisos together will offer 60 one-bedroom
homes for low- and very low-income people.

Target would like to start construction in 45 days, a representative said.

(949) 454-7363 or mhsin@ocregister.com

Mission Viejo, Lake Forest

To learn what the Mission Viejo City Council decided,

go to www.ocregister.com .

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: March 1, 2006



CORRECTION: Dana Point, Laguna Hills, Mission Viejo and Seal Beach are the four
cities in Orange County that the state Department of Housing and Community
Development lists as not in compliance with state affordable-housing law.
Cypress is in compliance with state law. Because of a reporting error, Cypress
was incorrectly included in a list of non-complying cities on Page 2 of the
Local section of the Feb. 21 edition of the Register.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Orange County Register


                             605 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           January 20, 2016 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

BROADWAY DEVELOPMENT 'NOT QUITE READY' UNDER NORMAL CIRCUMSTANCES, BUT PLAN
COMMISSION GIVES OK;
DEVELOPMENT

BYLINE:  by TODD D. MILEWSKI

SECTION: THE CAP TIMES; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 681 words


The developer of an affordable housing project on West Broadway said that, in
normal circumstances, his group wouldn't have brought a project like it did to
the Plan Commission on Monday night.

But Dave Porterfield of Movin' Out, Inc., said a looming deadline for a state
tax credit application meant that a proposal with some unresolved questions
needed approval this month.

And after nearly two hours of contentious public comment with 25 speakers Monday
night, the Plan Commission signed off on the conditional use approval for the
36-unit, mixed-use building at 2230 W. Broadway.

It also approved an associated project at 1917 Lake Point Drive, the current
site of the Bridge Lake Point Waunona Neighborhood Center, which would move into
14,000 square feet of space in the Broadway project, then be demolished for 12
townhouses in two buildings.

Porterfield volunteered early in the public comment period that the plans still
needed to be fleshed out, but he asked for Plan Commission approval to improve
the project's chances at receiving Wisconsin Housing and Economic Development
Authority tax credits. The application deadline is at the end of the month.

Parking access and the design of the neighborhood center are among the issues
that still need to be finalized.

"Normally, we would probably say to you we're not quite ready for this and we'd
come back in two months and we'd have worked through this," Porterfield told the
Plan Commission. "But we just don't have that kind of time if we're able to have
a scoring on our WHEDA application that will support our project and make it
successful."

Testimony was nearly split between those in support and those opposed, with
those in the latter category pointing toward a 29-year-old neighborhood plan
that called for less density.

Opponents also criticized what they called poor interactions with the developer
and a lack of support services in the neighborhood to sustain the addition of 48
rental units, 40 of which are designated for households making between 30 and 60
percent of the area's median income.

Joe Balles, the retiring Madison Police Department South District captain who
said he was speaking in an individual capacity, questioned the wisdom of putting
a neighborhood center and apartments next to a tavern.

"If we go and put 36 multi-family units right next door to the Antler's Tavern,
do you think we're not creating a potential situation where we're not going to
be looking at a nuisance situation or make it at least more problematic for the
next South District captain to take and manage that?" he said.

The 2230 W. Broadway site has been vacant for around 11 years, Timothy Parks of
the city Planning Division said. The Bridge-Lake Point-Waunona neighborhood,
once known as a haven for violence, drugs and gang activity, has been
transformed by a number of city initiatives since the 1980s, many of which
included a reduction of density and a focus on owner-occupied housing.

A number of area residents pointed toward that in opposing the addition of
rental units.

But some disagreed with increased density being portrayed as a negative.

"When you think of density, they're equating that to crime, poverty," said Judy
Cooper, a condominium owner in the neighborhood. "It's projects like this that
actually, I think, create some diversity into the communities."

The city is negotiating with Movin' Out on relocating the neighborhood center
into the 2230 W. Broadway space, a move that would result in a 180 percent
increase in space.

The current Bridge Lake Point Waunona Neighborhood Center has about 5,000 square
feet in an eight-unit apartment building and has had to turn away children from
programming, program director Arturo Ambriz told the Plan Commission.

"We just don't have enough space to serve more kids," he said.

Tom Solyst, the center's executive director, said he's passionate about the
project because he's been thinking about a move since he took his job 12 years
ago.

"This is the best opportunity I've ever seen," Solyst said. "It's unlikely that
an opportunity like this will come along in the near future."

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             606 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             July 12, 2011 Tuesday

American Community Development Group Inc. Offers Shareholder Update

LENGTH: 376 words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, July 12 -- American Community Development Group, Inc. (OTC Pinksheets:
ACYD) today announced that it will update its quarterly financials.

The management of the company has focused their efforts on building the housing
portfolio and expanding nonprofit relationships to broaden client capacity. This
effort will be essential as the company continues to expand beyond the current
14 properties.

The company will also provide current capital structure information to
Pinksheets and authorize the transfer agent to confirm our status with any
legitimate shareholder inquiry. The company believes that these actions will
provide complete transparency regarding its status. The company will continue in
its plan to become fully reporting and has no plans for any type of share
restructure or reverse splits.

American Community Development Group, "The Company", was founded as a real
estate investment company in the Tampa Bay, Florida market. We intend to acquire
properties at tremendously discounted prices during the current market down
trend. The Company has also received offers to expand its pilot operations in
other markets where distressed real estate prices are prevalent. We then
increase shareholder value and revenue by using the properties to house the
clients of existing nonprofits groups or other agencies.

A typical 3 bedroom property generates over $30,000 annually in gross revenues
because of the extremely high demand for transitional housing. This compares to
an average rental income of about $12,000 for a similar property with a
traditional tenant.

According to John Folger, President of American Community Development Group, "We
are currently acquiring interests in single and multi-family homes, affordable
housing, and other high occupancy commercial real estate properties, all while
helping members of our community," he continued. "This approach sits well with
both the community and our shareholders because we work directly with the
nonprofit community to house their clients. This model keeps our properties
fully occupied. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak
Banker. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             607 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 1, 1979, Saturday, Final Edition

Rents vs. Mortgage Payments: The Gap Narrows;
Rents vs. Mortgages: The Gap Is Narrowing;
Rents Taking Off as Market Tightens

BYLINE: By Merrill Brown and Chapin Wright, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: Real Estate; D1

LENGTH: 1874 words


If you've tried an apartment in this area, or even if you've just talked about
it, you know the story: Getting the right apartment for the right rent is a bit
like waiting for the return of major league baseball.  In other words, with a
little luck, then maybe.

The fact of the matter is that the rental market here, like in most healthy
cities, is a tight one: The vacancy rate in this area is estimated at less than
4 percent.  Nationally, 5 percent of the rental units are vacant, a level the
Department of Housing and Urban Development considers "dangerously low."

On the other hand, the turnover rate in this government town is high, most
observers agree, with estimates ranging anywhere from 25 to 40 percent.

Construction of multi-family rental housing here and elsewhere is on the
decline, as the costs of building and maintenance excalate and rents fail to
keep up with expenses.Further, conversion of apartments to condominiums and
cooperatives is occuring at a dizzying pace.

Builders here in the 1960s were constructing an average of about 20,000
apartments a year.  In the coming decade, 6,000 to 8,000 apartments -- 20 to 25
percent of the housing construction -- probably will be built in this area
annually, predicts Michael Sumichrast, chief economist for the National
Association of Home Builders.

This will be a continuation of a trend of the 1970s, when apartment construction
accounted for about one quarter of the housing being built.  Apartments
represented as much as 60 percent during the 1940s and averaged 50 percent in
the 1950s and 1960s.

As much as half of the units built in the coming decade may have some government
financing, Sumichrast said, meaning that private rental construction will be
limited largely to luxury apartments.

"Private rental housing in the U.S. has no future," Sumichrast said, "We need
them, but they are very hard to build."

Nationally, "rents are going to take off very sharply," the economist said, as
the gap between what households pay for rent and for mortgages narrows.  The
closing of the gap is going to be a "significant fact of the 1980s," Sumichrast
said.

Local governments, alarmed over the decrease in available rental units, have
become deeply involved in rental issues in recent years.  The D.C. City Council,
for instance, has extended its moratorium on condominium conversions until March
and is considering legislation to make the moratorium permanent.  In the past
decade, 12 percent of the city's apartments have either been converted or are in
the process of being converted to condominium ownership.

The city's rent control law is under fire as well as tenant groups demand that
it be toughened and landlords seek to kill it.  Rent control in the District
will expire next fall if neither action is taken.

What do we really know about the rental situation in this area and is the
picture really that grim?  To begin with, official housing data is not up to
date: The 1977 U.S. Census Bureau figures for the area have yet to be released.

"The conventional wisdom is contrary to fact," says Irving Kriegsfeld, president
of Management Partnership Inc.

Kriegsfeld, whose company manages about 5,000 units here, says that
credit-worthy people in Washington have a problem finding apartments in part
because they tend to be choosy about where they live.  The many
apartment-seekers with credit problems face even greater difficulty finding
units, he said.

"There are certian parts of town that people just don't want to live in,"
Kriegsfeld said.  "Many people can't use the particular apartments available
because of size or location.

"Others want to live along Connecticut Avenue or Wisconsin Avenue and only want
to pay $200 a month to do so.  There might be 200 apartments ready in Southeast,
but that doesn't do them a bit of good."

Kriegsfled says that building owners are making diminishing returns and that the
city has lost more than 26,000 rental units since 1971 as a result.

"This is the ignored crisis in this country," said John O'Neill, executive vice
president of the Apartment and Office Building Association of Metropolitan
Washington "In the last 10 years there has been a significant decline in the
availability of most rental options in the country.

"In the past 10 years, the great provider of housing in American has been the
U.S. government," he said.  "I have to assume that Congress will keep
appropriating more billions, otherwise people will be living in tents.  But, I'm
not sure the government can fill this void."

Recent figures from the Department of Housing and Development show that while
private apartment construction is slackening off, federally assisted housing is
booming.  During fiscal 1979, 175,119 rent subsidy apartments and public housing
units were started nationwide, nearly 6,000 more than in 1978 and 57,000 more
than 1977.

Currently, about 65 to 80 percent of all rental housing being built in this area
has some federal backing, either in low-interest loans or rent subsidies,
according to Art Goldstein, D.C. area economist for the Department of Housing
and Urban Development.

For example, every current apartment construction project in Montgomery County
except one -- Old Georgetown Village near White Flint -- has either a 20 percent
subsidy or is completely subsidized by the federal government, HUD said.

In 1978 permits for federally insured or subsidized units accounted for 88
percent of all rental permits in the metropolitan area.

In 1978 there were fewer multi-family housing starts across the country than at
any time in the past 20 years, except for 1975.  Local multi-family permit
activity last year was the third lowest since 1960, dropping 20 percent from
1977.

HUD reports that permits to build 1,408 rental units were issued in this area in
the first nine months of 1979, a sharp decline from the 3,642 permits recorded
during the same period last year.

The District's Rental Accommodations Commission said that in 1974 there were
188,500 rental units in the city.  By 1978, that figure had dropped to 175,900.
In addition, there were about 29,000 rented single-family homes in the city in
1974.  Now, about 12,000 of those are owner-occupied, the commission said.

"There is a lot of rental housing out there," said one housing expert."But the
market is getting tighter all the time and I really don't think we know the
figures on conversions and abandonments."

However we do know that during the boom years of the early 1960s, permits to
built about 150,000 apartments were issued here.  For the 1970s, a decade in
which moratoria on hookups to overloaded sewer systems began to be imposed, the
figure declined dramatically, to about 6,000.

And, between 1974 and 1978, only about 2,000 such permits were recorded and of
those, more than 2,200 were for federally-assisted units.

Nationally, however, the picture for rental housing appears equally
discouraging.  Generally, construction has declined; costs for landlords,
especially utility costs, are skyrocketing and rents are gobbling up more of
family budgets than ever before.  There is little encouraging news on the
horizon.

Renters are slowly becoming an endangered species.  Of the nation's families,
only about 35 percent rent, the General Accounting Office reported recently, and
by the year 2000 the figure will drop to 26 percent.

Although estimates indicate that the local vacancy rate is about 3.7 percent,
nationwide it was tabulated to be about 4.8 percent last March, the lowest since
the government began keeping that statistic.  The larger the unit the lower the
vacancy rate, the government has found.

Between 1973 and 1979, median rents increased by 9.6 percent annually, while
renter income rose by 5.6 percent each year.

Renters also earn less than homeowners, the GAO said, pointing out that aobut 30
percent of all homeowners earned less than $10,000, while about 56 percent of
renters had incomes below that figure.

The basic rule of thumb about paying only a week's salary for housing costs is
going out the window for many renters.  In 1977, about 49 percent of the
nation's renters paid 25 percent or more for housing costs.  Further, between
1973 and 1977, the number of people paying 35 percent or more for their rent
increased from 5.5 million to 7.4 million.

Additionally, the nation's rental housing is also aging.  In 1977, about 41
percent of occupied rental units were in structures built in 1934 or earlier.

In the District, landlords maintain that rent control has contributed
substantially to the decline in the number of apartment units by making rental
properties less attractive to investors.

"Unless investment in rental housing becomes more attractive, you're going to
see a further reduction," warned James Banks, executive vice president of the
D.C. Board of Realtors.

Banks said that the city government, and specifically the City Council, can do
more to bring more new investors into the rental market.

"There are two groups to attract: developers and lending institutions, which
both take risks," he said.  "Now lenders are not willing to take the risk . . .
.  The general attitude (on the part of the City Council) toward the real estate
industry has a lot to do with the shortage of rental housing."

Three conditions are necessary to solve the problem, Banks said.  First, the
cost of operating rental units must be brought under control both through
increased cooperation between tenants and landlords and more government
research.  Second, the cost of borrowing money must be reduced, he said, perhaps
through the establishment of a local government finance agency.

Third, he said, investors and lenders must have some kind of assurance that
"rent control would not ultimately be imposed."

Banks said that since 1975, only two housing developments have been built in the
city without support from the local government.

The problem exists in the surburbs as well.

James Harvey, executive director of the non-profit Metropolitan Washington
Planning and Housing Association, says that the rental markets in Montgomery and
Prince George's counties are tightening as more and more people are looking
outside the city for affordable housing.

"The increase in the cost of rental housing has the effect of taking a layer of
people out of the market," Harvey said.  "When you have a tight market, the
chances of discrimination, of creaming off the top, increases.  It increases the
chances for racial discrimination.  Also, you have a chance to discriminate
against families with children, which is an increasing problem."

The rental market in Northern Virginia is probably not as tight as in Maryland
or the District because condominium conversions are not happening quite as fast,
he said.

In addition to implementing some kind of control over condominium conversions,
Harvey sees a need for preserving existing apartments through assistance to
landlords for rehabilitation and operation.

But the foremost problem, Harvey said, is attracting the kind of investors to
the rental market "who are interesting in providing housing and not making a
killing."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture 1, no caption, By Larry Morris -- Washington Post; Picture,
Northern Virginia: Condominium conversions are not taking place as fast.  By
Larry Morris -- Washington Post

                       Copyright 1979 The Washington Post


                             608 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright 2017 Hoover's Inc., All Rights Reserved

                  Hoover's Company Records - In-depth Records

                                 March 29, 2017

                  APARTMENT INVESTMENT AND MANAGEMENT COMPANY

                           4582 S Ulster St Ste 1100
                             Denver,  CO 80237-2662
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 303-757-8101
URL: www.nationaltaxcredit.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: AIV
HOOVER ID: 20177

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: Public

EMPLOYEES:  1,456
ONE YEAR EMPLOYEE GROWTH:  (4.1%)

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

OFFICER                 TITLE             AGE     SALARY      BONUS TOTAL_COMP
                                                                      ENSATION
Keith M. Kimmel         EVP Property        - $300,000.0          -          -
                        Operations
Paul L. Beldin          EVP and CFO        42          -          -          -
Lisa R. Cohn            SVP, Assistant     47 $375,000.0          -          -
                        General Counsel
                        and Assistant
                        Secretary
Miles Cortez            EVP and Chief      72 $350,000.0          -          -
                        Administrative
                        Officer
John Bezzant            EVP and Chief       - $350,000.0          -          -
                        Investment
                        Officer
Terry Considine         Chairman and CEO   66 $600,000.0          -          -
Joe (Joey) Demshar      Vice President      -          -          -          -
                        Procurement
Patti K. Fielding       EVP Securities     52          -          -          -
                        and Debt,
                        Treasurer


DIRECTOR                    TITLE                AGE
Terry Considine             Chairman and CEO      66

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *


   Apartment Investment and Management Company (AIMCO) aims to be the top
apartment landlord in the US. As one of the nation's largest apartment
owner/managers (on par with Equity Residential ) with some 200 apartment
communities spanning 50,000-plus units, the self-managed real estate investment
trust (REIT) specializes in buying, managing, and redeveloping multi-family
residential homes in top rental markets in the US including Los Angeles,
Washington, DC, Philadelphia, and Boston. Operating arm AIMCO Properties holds
and manages most of AIMCO's assets, which include suburban communities,
high-rises, and subsidized affordable housing.

   Operations

   AIMCO operates two business segments: Conventional Real Estate Operations and
Affordable Real Estate Operations. The Conventional Real Estate Operations
segment generated 81% of the company's total revenue during 2015 in the form of
rent from 140 apartment communities with 40,464 units.

   The Affordable Real Estate operations, which made up another 10% of revenue
in 2015, generated rent from its 56 affordable apartment communities spanning
8,685 apartments, with rents paid, in full or partially, by a government agency.
While these properties provide a more stable source of income, they bring in
lower revenue per unit for the REIT.

   Geographic Reach

   Denver-based AIMCO has apartment communities in over 20 states, the District
of Columbia, and Puerto Rico. Major markets for the firm include Los Angeles and
San Jose, California; Manhattan; Boston, Philadelphia, and Washington, DC.

   Financial Performance

   AIMCO's annual revenue has been in steady decline over the past few years as
it's been selling off properties (especially affordable communities) which as
led to lower rental income. Meanwhile, its profits have been trending higher
thanks to profitable gains from these property sales.

   The REIT's revenue dipped by less than 1% to $981.31 million during 2015 as
it collected less in tax credit revenue than it did in the prior year. The
company's revenues fell despite the fact that rental income rose in 2015 as the
REIT's existing property rental rates increased by 5% to a record $1,840 per
unit.

   AIMCO's net income dove 20% to $248.71 million mostly as it made $108 million
less in gains from property sales compared what it made from them in 2014. The
REIT's operating cash levels climbed 12% to $359.89 million during 2015 mostly
thanks to a rise in cash-denominated earnings.

   Strategy

   The REIT invests in higher-quality properties in the nation's 20 largest real
estate markets. It targets primarily coastal markets, and also several Sun Belt
cities, and Chicago, Illinois. Key factors for desirable markets include a high
population and a diverse economy not dependent on any one industry. With its
subsidized apartment business being less fruitful, AIMCO plans to dispose of its
affordable apartment communities by 2020, and reinvest the proceeds in its
conventional apartment portfolio.

   While AIMCO has been selling more properties than it's acquired in recent
years, the REIT did buy three conventional apartment communities with 300 units
in 2015 in Atlanta and Cambridge, Massachusetts, after buying six conventional
apartment communities spanning 1,182 units in San Jose, California; Aurora,
Colorado; and Boulder, Colorado during 2014.

   AIMCO manages its investments through property sales and acquisitions, joint
ventures, asset management, and other financial activities. The REIT prefers
buying properties for renovation over developing from the ground up, as
redevelopment assets have the potential to begin providing income more quickly.
By selling assets and reducing debt, AIMCO is positioned to purchase properties
in its target markets or make additional investments in existing properties.

HOOVER INDUSTRIES:

     ·    Real Estate
          ·    Residential Property Investment
          ·    REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS (REITS)



* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
531110 - Lessors of Residential Buildings and Dwellings
SIC CODES:
6798 - Real estate investment trusts
MARKETS:

   Selected Markets

   Atlanta

   Boston

   Chicago

   Denver

   Los Angeles

   Manhattan

   Miami

   Orange County

   Philadelphia

   Phoenix

   San Diego

   San Francisco

   Seattle

   Suburban New York - New Jersey

   Washington, DC

     ·    2015 Sales
     ·    $ mil. % of total
     ·    Rental & other property revenues 956.9 98
     ·    Asset management & tax credits 24.4 2
     ·    Total 981.3 100
     ·    2015 sales
     ·    $ mil. % of total
     ·    Conventional Real Estate Operations 798.3 81
     ·    Affordable Real Estate Operations 96.5 10
     ·    Corporate 49.1 5
     ·    Adjustments 37.4 4
     ·    Total 981.3 100


COMPETITORS:

     ·    UDR
     ·    Trammell Crow Residential
     ·    Hunt Mortgage Group
     ·    MAA
     ·    Essex Property Trust
     ·    Home Properties
     ·    Gables Residential Services
     ·    Lincoln Property
     ·    Boston Capital
     ·    AMLI Residential
     ·    AvalonBay
     ·    LNR Property
     ·    Camden Property
     ·    Edward Rose
     ·    Equity Residential
     ·    Lend Lease
     ·    Milestone Management
     ·    Irvine Apartment Communities


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December, 2016

(Millions U.S. Dollars)               2016              2015              2014
Revenue                             $995.9            $981.3            $984.4
Net Income                          $430.4            $248.7            $309.2
Net Profit                           43.2%             25.3%             31.4%
Employees                            1,456             1,519             1,693

     ·    One Year Sales Growth: 1.5%
     ·    One Year Income Growth: 73.1%


                                                       2016
Debt Ratio                                           216.5%
Return on Equity                                   27432.1%
Return on Assets                                       6.9%
Cash                                            $61,200,000
Current Ratio                                          3.58
Long-term debt                               $3,884,600,000
Shares outstanding                              156,900,000
Dividend yield                                         2.9%
Dividend payout                                      230.7%
Market Value                                        7,130.7

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EXCHANGE: NYSE
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: 156,900,000
STOCK PRICE:
2016 FISCAL YEAR HIGH:  $47.59
2016 FISCAL YEAR LOW:  $35.45
2016 FISCAL YEAR CLOSE:  $45.45
EPS: $2.67
DIVIDEND PAYOUT: 230.7%
DIVIDEND YIELD: 2.9%
DIVIDEND PER SHARE: $1.32
PRICE/EARNINGS HIGH:  18
PRICE/EARNINGS LOW:  13
BOOK VALUE PER SHARE:  $0.01
HISTORICAL STOCK INFORMATION:
                                      2015              2014              2013
Fiscal Year High                    $41.19            $38.32            $33.20
Fiscal Year Low                     $34.85            $25.72            $25.00
Fiscal Year Close                   $40.03            $37.15            $25.91
Price/Earnings High                     27                19                24
Price/Earnings Low                      23                12                18
Earnings                             $1.52             $2.06             $1.40
Dividends                            $1.18             $1.04             $0.96
Book Value per Share                 $0.01             $0.01             $0.01

                                      2012              2011              2010
Fiscal Year High                    $28.27            $27.97            $25.93
Fiscal Year Low                     $22.40            $20.29            $15.21
Fiscal Year Close                   $27.06            $22.91            $25.84
Price/Earnings High                     46                 -                 -
Price/Earnings Low                      37                 -                 -
Earnings                             $0.61           ($0.86)           ($1.08)
Dividends                            $0.76             $0.48             $0.30
Book Value per Share                 $0.01             $0.01             $0.01

                                      2009              2008              2007
Fiscal Year High                    $16.73            $40.69            $64.35
Fiscal Year Low                      $4.94             $7.92            $34.62
Fiscal Year Close                   $15.92            $11.55            $34.73
Price/Earnings High                      -                14                 -
Price/Earnings Low                       -                 3                 -
Earnings                           ($1.00)             $2.98           ($0.36)
Dividends                            $0.40             $7.48             $4.31
Book Value per Share                 $0.01             $0.01             $0.01

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Ernst & Young LLP

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2017


                             609 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                             June 25, 2009 Thursday

Loma Linda approves affordable housing project

BYLINE: Stephen Wall, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 381 words


LOMA LINDA - Seeking to reduce a deficit of affordable housing, the City Council
has approved an agreement for a 120-unit apartment project.

The city's Redevelopment Agency will lease for 65 years a roughly 6.5-acre site
on Poplar Street to a nonprofit developer for the two- and three-bedroom
project.

The developer still has to get site plans approved and go through the
entitlement process with the city.

Construction is scheduled to start around the end of the year and take about 12
months to finish.

The project is expected to cost about $20 million. The redevelopment agency is
due to lend the developer about $3.6 million. Another $2 million is slated to
come from federal housing funds administered by San Bernardino County.

The developer is applying to the state for tax credits and multi-family housing
bonds for the remainder of the cost.

The Corporation for Better Housing, the Sherman Oaks-based developer, is also
building the 44-unit rental project under construction next to the proposed
development. The smaller apartment project is expected to be finished in
October.

"We will be adding 164 affordable housing units that are not only affordable but
a real improvement to the neighborhood," Mayor Stan Brauer said.

Under state law, the redevelopment agency is required to provide a certain
amount of housing for families with limited incomes.

According to the state, the city has incurred a deficit of 302 affordable
housing units over the years. The shortfall must be eliminated by 2014.

"This project will contribute significantly towards meeting our affordable
housing obligations and I look forward to seeing it completed next year," said
Councilman Ovidiu Popescu.

The income restrictions vary depending on family size. A four-person household
could not earn more than $53,300 a year to live in the apartments.

Justin Hardt, project manager for the Corporation for Better Housing, said the
apartments come with an array of amenities such as energy-efficient
refrigerators, laundry facilities, a community room, computer lab and tot lot.
On-site management is provided.

The developer has started to build an interest list for people wanting to live
in the apartments. For more information, call Hardt at (818) 905-2430, ext. 109.

- stephen.wall@inlandnewspapers.com, (909) 386-3916

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             610 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                  Valley News & Views (Drayton, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 24, 2010

Drayton Alumni Receives North Dakota Housing Manager National Award

BYLINE: Valley News & Views staff

LENGTH: 352  words


Drayton alumni, Tami Egeland has been chosen as the National 2010 Site Manager
of the Year for Elderly/Family Housing for the USDA Rural Development's
Multi-Family Housing program Ms. Egeland is the site manager for Villa De Remer
and Grafton Living Center in Grafton, North Dakota.

Originally selected as the North Dakota Site Manager of the Year for
Elderly/Family Housing, Ms. Egeland then competed for the national honor. The
award was formally presented to her Tuesday morning, June 15, at the
Ritz-Carlton-Pentagon City, Arlington, Virginia.

A Site Manager of the Year sets a standard of excellence; excellence in tenant
satisfaction, maintaining curb appeal of the project, accurate and complete
record keeping, and generally performing above and beyond normal expectations.
Ms. Egeland has achieved this and much more. The apartments are well maintained
and managed. The tenants are very satisfied and happy to have her as a manager.
Ms. Egeland is very customer service oriented as she promotes a sense of
community for all her residents.

Jasper Schneider, USDA Rural Development North Dakota State Director said, "The
site managers guarantee the success of our housing complexes. They make sure the
day-to-day operations go smoothly and they often invest a great deal of their
own free time in providing tenants with a safe and cohesive community. Although
these managers would do their jobs whether or not they received recognition, we
believe we should reward excellent performance."

USDA Rural Development administers a national loan portfolio of over 16, 000
rural rental housing complexes. In partnership with private sector and nonprofit
borrowers, RD houses very low - and low-income rural families, elderly people,
and farm workers. The site managers of the housing properties are employees of
private companies, not the U.S. Government.

Also receiving awards were Nancy Fargo of New York and Christal Stidham of
Indiana.

Further information on rural programs is available at a local USDA Rural
Development office or by visiting USDA's web site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov
<http://www.rurdev.usda. gov/>

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VNV

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2010 Valley News & Views


                             611 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                          December 30, 2009 Wednesday

Affordable housing units planned for the federal Base Realignment and Closure
process

BYLINE: Robbie Whelan

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 826  words


Two planned housing projects near Aberdeen Proving Ground will bring affordable
and workforce housing units to an area that is expected to receive about 19,000
new jobs over the next two years as part of the federal Base Realignment and
Closure process, known as BRAC.

Maryland's Department of Housing and Community Development announced late
Tuesday that Conifer Realty LLC, based in Rochester, N.Y., and Stavrou
Communities of Annapolis would build two projects representing a combined
investment of more than $17 million, much of it federal stimulus money.

"These developments [are] great examples of how federal, state and local
collaboration can revitalize communities and expand affordable housing options
for Maryland's hardworking families and seniors," said Raymond A. Skinner,
secretary of the DHCD.

North Creek Run, a garden apartment project with eight one-bedroom apartments
and 45 two-story rental town houses, is planned for Razor Strap Road in North
East. It will be developed and owned by Conifer and paid for with a mix of
private loans and public incentives.

DHCD awarded the project $821,050 in Low Income Housing Tax Credits, which
Conifer plans to sell to PNC Bank in return for a $5.4 million equity stake in
the project. The tax credits, part of a federal program established in the late
1980s, are meant to shield corporate earnings from federal taxes in return for
investment in affordable housing. With the collapse of the mortgage market, the
value of these tax credits to investors has fallen 20 to 30 percent, according
to state officials.

"It's still a challenging market. We experienced a boom in our industry like
never before, and it was followed by a precipitous drop," said Andrew Bodewes, a
project director for Conifer. "That drop has had a significant effect on our
ability to present feasible deals. "

But North Creek Run, as well as the other BRAC-related project, an 80-unit
apartment complex for seniors called Perryman Station, is buoyed by a $3 million
loan under the Tax Credit Assistance Program, which was established as part of
the federal stimulus package signed into law in February.

In addition to the federal funds, Perryman Station's financing comes from a $3.1
million mortgage from Bank of America, a $270,643 loan from Harford County, and
a $200,000 state energy grant. As with North Creek Run, Perryman Station
received Low Income Housing Tax Credits from the state, which it used to raise
$5.7 million in private equity through Bank of America.

"This stimulus package was created to fill that gap associated with the loss of
purchasing power of that tax credit. It was a way of dealing with that sudden
loss of value to make projects that two years ago were feasible, feasible now,"
said John Maneval, deputy director for multi-family development with the state's
housing department.

So far, Maneval said, the state agency has allocated 98 percent of a $31.7
million federal grant. All of the money in the program must be spent by 2012, he
added.

Other state and local officials have said that workforce housing is an
especially important piece of the BRAC puzzle.

"The bottom line is that when people have looked at BRAC they've thought of the
six-figure scientists and engineers and those types of jobs, without realizing
that behind that there are the $30,000-a-year draftsmen," said William Ariano,
deputy director of DHCD for community development. "There's a whole support
infrastructure that's coming with them. "

BRAC is expected to bring about 60,000 jobs to Maryland, mostly from the closure
of Fort Monmouth, an army base in northern New Jersey. Most of those jobs will
be at Aberdeen Proving Ground, an army base and weapons testing facility in
Harford County, and Fort Meade, a defense intelligence facility in Anne Arundel
County.

A report by Baltimore's Sage Policy Group suggested that Harford County is on
track to receive 19,000 new jobs and 6,500 new households. The Army plans to
send 4,000 new jobs to the area over the next year. James Richardson, Harford
County's economic development director, said the real number of households
coming is more like 10,000.

"The last time we built a condominium project was probably 20 years ago. ... We
do need that type of activity," he said. "It's happening on schedule. We're
going to see a big number shift next year. ... We're not too late, but we're not
too early either. "

Both companies spearheading the two BRAC-related projects have experience in
Maryland real estate development. Conifer, which has been building affordable
housing here for over a decade, owns and manages about 1,000 units in the state,
including senior facilities in Prince George's, Frederick and Carroll counties
and an apartment complex in Owings Mills.

Officials from Stavrou, the company behind Perryman Station, could not be
reached for comment, but the developer has built senior housing and rental
projects in Upper Marlboro, Suitland, Silver Spring, Essex and Landover.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             612 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           December 19, 1995, Tuesday

APARTMENT COMPLEX GETS 44M BIG MAC

BYLINE: By DICK SHERIDAN

SECTION: Suburban; Pg.  1

LENGTH: 317 words


Freddie Mac yesterday announced completion of the largest single loan
transaction in the corporation's 25-year history a $ 44.4 million loan to the
owners of the 1,650-unit Wavecrest Gardens apartment complex in Far Rockaway.

Wavecrest Gardens, which straddles Seagirt Blvd. at Beach 22d St., is a
privately owned complex of 38 six-story elevator-equipped buildings where
apartments rent to families with incomes of $ 34,400 or less.

Built in the 1940s and 1950s, it was purchased by Goldfarb Properties about 10
years ago. It is currently home to about 5,000 people.

The financing an 8% fixed rate 20-year loan will insure that a major renovation
project begun in 1987 can continue, said Philip Goldfarb. The renovation so far
has cost $ 18 million.

Goldfarb said that 70% of the apartments had already undergone renovation and
that other projects such as the repainting of interior hallways, an upgrade of
the 24-hour security system and an overhaul of elevators were ongoing or
planned.

One-bedroom apartments rent for $ 675 a month while two-bedroom apartments go
for $ 825, said Goldfarb.

Rep. Floyd Flake (D-St. Albans), who operates a district office in the complex,
praised Freddie Mac's "commitment to the stability of New York City's rental
housing market, and to communities that have a vested interest in affordable
housing."

Freddie Mac chairman Leland Brendsel said, "Wavecrest Gardens symbolizes Freddie
Mac's commitment to the multi-family market in New York and nationwide."

Freddie Mac as the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. is commonly known is a
stockholder-owned corporation that was established by Congress in 1970.

It operates in the secondary market by purchasing mortgages from lenders and
packaging them into securities that are sold to investors.

Since its inception, Freddie Mac has helped finance one in every six American
homes.


LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: JOE DeMARIA READY FOR FREDDIE: Rep. Floyd Flake (center) and other
officials celebrate Freddie Mac loan yesterday.

                        Copyright 1995 Daily News, L.P.


                             613 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 18, 2015 Saturday

WASHINGTON: Council Roundup: Room rental ordinance approved

LENGTH: 673  words

DATELINE: Bellevue


City of Bellevue issued the following news release:

The City Council on Monday approved a permanent ordinance to prohibit the
business practice of renting single-family homes as rooming houses in
single-family neighborhoods, and allow rooming houses in designated multi-family
districts.

The ordinance responds to concerns from residents about investors renting out
several individual rooms in houses to unrelated individuals. Many of the
concerns came from the Spiritwood neighborhood, but comparable issues have been
raised in other parts of Bellevue.

Approval of the permanent ordinance follows adoption of an interim ordinance
that was extended several times since 2013 while the city's Planning Commission
studied a permanent fix. Last week the commission made its recommendations to
the council.

"The action was targeted at a business practice that was really inconsistent
with a single-family neighborhood," Councilmember John Chelminiak said on
Monday. "We did strike a balance between having rentals where people can have
affordable housing but also going after and regulating a business practice that
was wrong for our neighborhoods." Chelminiak toured the Spiritwood neighborhood
and saw the practices firsthand.

Among other things, the ordinance clarifies the definition of boarding and
rooming houses and lowers the number of unrelated people who can live together
as a family from six to four.

More information and a copy of the ordinance is available online.

Proposed agreement on East Link
The council considered a proposed agreement with Sound Transit to move ahead
with permitting and construction of the voter-approved East Link light rail
extension. The agreement would amend a memorandum of understanding signed
between the two agencies in November 2011.

Part of the agreement addresses Sound Transit plans for an operations and
maintenance satellite facility (OMSF) in Bellevue -- if a site in the Bel-Red
corridor is selected following the completion of an ongoing environmental
review. The proposed agreement also supports the city's Bel-Red land use vision
for transit-oriented development near a planned 120th Avenue Northeast light
rail station, confirms financial contributions for a downtown light rail tunnel,
and minimizes impacts to neighbors during the construction and operation of East
Link.

The council will hold a public hearing on the proposed agreement during its
April 13 study session, which begins at 6 p.m. The council is slated to vote on
the amended MOU on April 20.

More information about the draft MOU is available with the council's April 6
study session agenda. Additional material is available on the city's light rail
public involvement page.

Performance Measures Survey
Councilmembers learned that preliminary results of the 2015 Performance Measures
Survey show Bellevue residents continue to give the city high marks, with
numbers consistent over the last four years.

The percentage of residents who rate Bellevue as a good to excellent place to
live stood at 96 percent in 2015; 92 percent say they feel safe walking alone in
their neighborhood after dark; 92 percent say the overall quality of city
services meets or exceeds expectations; and 81 percent say the city is headed in
the right direction.

The survey was conducted from January 30 to February 28 via telephone and
online. The margin of error is plus or minus 4.3 percent. The full Performance
Measures Survey report will be ready in a few weeks. .

Proclamations
Mayor Claudia Balducci proclaimed April as Autism Awareness Month, noting the
brain disorder affects more than 3 million people in the United States.

Balducci also proclaimed April 18 as Arbor Day-Earth Day and urged "all citizens
to plant trees to gladden the hearts and promote the well-being of present and
future generations." The proclamation states that the National Arbor Day
Foundation has recognized Bellevue as a Tree City USA community for the 24th
consecutive year.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             614 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            June 15, 2011 Wednesday

Redevelopment reform

BYLINE: Mayor Grace Vargas

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 456 words


On behalf of city of Rialto, I am writing to express our support for Senate Bill
286 introduced by Sen. Rod Wright and Assembly Bill 1250 introduced by
Assemblyman Luis Alejo. These bills would impose tough new reforms to increase
accountability and limit the size and scope of redevelopment in California and
ensure redevelopment is being used responsibly to maximize job creation,
revitalize rundown communities, clean up contaminated properties, finance
infrastructure improvements, and build affordable housing.

The proposed reforms in these bills include the tightened definition of blight
for redevelopment projects; limit the size of redevelopment project areas;
provide schools to retain full property taxes for new redevelopment project
areas; implement strict, performance-based standards focused on state priorities
and increase oversight by local citizens committees; increase accountability
with stringent reporting and performance standards; require annual performance
audits by state auditor; and prohibit the use of funds for non-redevelopment
expenses.

The city is opposed to the governor's proposal to eliminate redevelopment, a
move that would have disastrous consequences on local communities throughout the
state, harm local economies and kill tens thousands of jobs.

In Rialto, redevelopment has been a viable resource to improve our community
that benefits many families and children. Some of these recent projects and
funding from redevelopment include the following:

Transportation projects: About $50 million from redevelopment funds for the
current construction of the of the Riverside Avenue bridge expansion at the 10
Freeway; the proposed expansion of Pepper Avenue to the 210 Freeway; and the
proposed Metrolink Station parking expansion.

Public facilities: About $23.7 million for the construction of new Fire Station
No. 2; the expansion to the Rialto Public Library; the improvements to Ferguson
Park; and proposed improvements to storm water channels and basins.

Rialto schools: About $3.5 million for the Rialto High School Football Stadium
and the new Rialto Middle School Athletic/Recreation Field.

Affordable housing projects: About $53.5 million since 2005 for the creation of
859 affordable housing units including the construction of four new senior
housing rental complexes; the revitalization of problem multi-family
neighborhoods; and the assistance of over 500 homeowners with home improvements.

We encourage our state legislators to support S.B. 286 and A.B. 1250 to provide
reform to redevelopment to maximize its effectiveness and accountability, while
preserving redevelopment as a powerful tool for local economic growth and job
creation for Rialto and our local region.

MAYOR GRACE VARGAS
Rialto

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             615 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Crain's Cleveland Business

                            October 16, 2000, Monday

Nonprofit nabs $1.5M to boost city projects

BYLINE: SCOTT SUTTELL

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 363 words


A Cleveland nonprofit group plans to use a $1.5 million federal grant to help
finance residential and commercial projects in city neighborhoods.

The group, Village Capital Corp., this month received the money from the U.S.
Department of the Treasury's 6-year-old Community Development Financial
Institutions program. Village Capital was one of 75 organizations nationwide
that received a total of $123 million through the program, said Debra Janik, the
group's vice president of community finance.

"This will help us keep doing what we've been doing, but we'll be able to do it
more aggressively," Ms. Janik said.

Ms. Janik said the organization last January began the process of filling out
the program's 5-inch thick grant application form.

"We put about 300 man- and woman-hours into this," Ms. Janik said.

Eric Hoddersen, president of Village Capital and its parent organization,
Neighborhood Pro-gress Inc., said he expects the assistance from the government
will leverage an additional $50 million in private investment in the next five
years. Mr. Hoddersen said the money is expected to enable his group to provide
below-market-rate financing for the construction of 200 for-sale, single-family
homes; 300 for-sale condominiums and townhouses; 600 single- and multi-family
rental units; and 700,000 square feet of commercial retail space.

"This funding will help us respond to the continued demand we're seeing for new
and affordable housing in the city, as well as for retail development to support
residents," Mr. Hoddersen said.

Village Capital and Neighborhood Progress Inc. work with local community
development corporations and banks to put together financing packages for
housing and commercial developments in Cleveland. Since its incorporation in
1992, Village Capital has invested more than $18 million in loan and grant money
for more than 120 neighborhood-based projects, Mr. Hoddersen said.

Among the projects for which Village Capital provided financing assistance are
the Lee-Harvard Shopping Center; Dave's Supermarket in Ohio City; and
residential developments such as the 16-unit Tillman Park townhouses on the West
Shoreway.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 Crain Communications, Inc.


                             616 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            December 3, 2006 Sunday

City to break ground on new low-income housing;
Officials try to quell residents' fears that new units will bring increased
traffic congestion, crime

BYLINE: Paula King, CONTRA COSTA TIMES

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 618 words


Construction on two apartment complexes is scheduled to start early next year
despite the initial controversy surrounding the affordable housing project.

More than 200 low-income units for seniors and families will be built on Carol
Lane. The 54-unit seniors complex and 154 units of work force housing will be on
land formerly zoned for light industry.

Oakley City Council last year changed the zoning to multifamily residential to
meet the state's pressing requirements to provide more affordable housing. Some
long-time light industrial business owners and residents opposed the decision,
however, fearing it would cost the city valuable jobs and revenue.

Local Realtor Enrico Cinquini has expressed concern over the rezoning, saying
the city needs commercially zoned land to thrive.

"It is hard to make up that commercial and light industrial land once you give
it up," he said.

Still, Cinquini said some upcoming commercial sites along nearby Main Street
should compensate for the loss.

The four-story apartments also drew criticism from area residents who argued
that the high-density dwellings would lead to more crime and traffic as well as
lower property values.

Nearby neighbor Carol Manning said she is not against affordable housing, but
disagrees with the high density of this particular project and mixing senior
housing with multi-family units. Now that the city has approved the project,
Manning said it must manage it properly to avoid problems.

"They are buying themselves a nightmare," she said. "It is not going to be a
project we are proud of."

Nonprofit developer Corporation for Better Housing said it has constructed
several high-quality projects all around the state.

The site near Main Street was too deep for commercial purposes, added CBH
employee Charlie Brumbaugh, noting that the project will be gated and subject to
strict management practices.

Brumbaugh says this area needs at least 10,000 affordable housing units. The
state recently recommended CBH for $35 million in federal tax-exempt bond
funding for the project.

"This project will provide much-needed housing for our seniors and local working
population," Redevelopment Director Barbara Mason said. "The developer has
worked diligently with the city to address trees, design and infrastructure
challenges."

Although Mayor Brad Nix still disagrees with the decision to rezone the
property, he has vowed to ensure that the project is well-managed. He is
scrutinizing this project especially closely because there are market-rate
condominiums planned nearby that could be converted into affordable housing.

"Obviously, we are going to be watching it because we don't want that problem
any more than anyone else does," Nix said.

Nix and city officials are considering an ordinance that would force landlords
to pay fees through a rental housing licensing requirement. That money could pay
for additional code and law enforcement efforts targeting rental properties
throughout the city, according to City Manager Bryan Montgomery.

The developer has strict management practices, which should allay concerns about
public safety, he added. The project will provide a mix of one-, two- and
three-bedroom apartments and is scheduled to open in 2008.

The multifamily complex will feature a computer learning center that will offer
tutoring and classes, as well as playgrounds, picnic areas, barbecues and a
lounge.

The senior housing will provide a walking track, rose garden and exercise
classes.

Rents will be based on income and are likely to range from $700 to $800 per
month for seniors and $700 to $1,200 for families.

For more information on the project, call 818-905-2430.

Paula King covers Oakley. Reach her at 925-779-7189 or pking@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             617 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             May 2, 2007 Wednesday

Complex will offer affordable housing

BYLINE: SANDY STRICKLAND

SECTION: Pg. W-4

LENGTH: 331 words


Prompted by the need to provide affordable housing for working families, the
Housing Partnership of Northeast Florida has acquired Forest Apartments on the
Westside.

The community-based nonprofit recently bought the 113-unit complex at 6756 103rd
St. for $5.5 million from Thoroughbred Property Management Co.

The increase in real estate value in the last five to seven years has made it
difficult for low- to moderate-income families to find quality affordable
property, said Robyn Stockdale, the Housing Partnership's director of property
and asset management.

It is not income-restricted, although it is primarily serving renters who are at
60 percent or below of the area median income, she said.

The complex is in a highly developed commercial corridor that includes shopping,
churches, restaurants, public transportation, a regional library and a bus line.

"The location makes it an ideal site for working families and individuals,"
Stockdale said.

The property, previously owned by a for-profit company, has been well
maintained, making it an even more attractive venture, she said.

The complex has efficiencies and one- to three-bedroom units, ranging from 450
square feet to 1,100 square feet, with rents ranging from $420 to $725.
Amenities include two swimming pools and two laundry facilities.

"We hope to provide better customer service and maintenance response," Stockdale
said.

The Housing Partnership, known for its repairing and painting of houses during
the annual Paint the Town Week, will be the property's managing agent. It will
provide on-site services based on residents' needs.

The Forest is the organization's fourth multi-family property and brings the
number of Jacksonville rental units it owns to 600. It co-owns Spanish Oaks in
Arlington, and Kings Ridge in Northwest Jacksonville, where it offers senior
lunch, summer camp, teen and after-school programs.

In December 2003, the organization opened its first Westside unit - Malibu
Gardens at Lane and Lenox avenues.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Beverly Keneagy/Special The Housing Partnership of Northeast Florida recently
bought the Forest Apartments to provide affordable housing for working families.
It's their fourth complex and second on the Westside. Beverly Keneagy/Special
The apartment complex will primarily serve renters who are 60 percent or below
the area median income. The complex has amenities such as swimming pools and
laundry facilities.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Florida Times-Union


                             618 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              July 27, 2014 Sunday
                              SUN PERSPECT Edition

City should revamp inclusionary housing

BYLINE: Susan Barnes-Gelt

SECTION: PERSPECT; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 576 words


"Denver's Inclusionary Housing Ordinance has failed," announced Mayor Michael
Hancock a year ago in his 2013 State of the City address. "We need a more
balanced approach that looks at the realities of the market."

In an effort to create more workforce housing, Denver's 2002 Inclusionary
Housing Ordinance (IHO) required developers of 30 or more residences to include
10 percent for those earning 60 to 80 percent of Denver's annual median income,
which is now at $49,000. Developers could either build the units collecting a
$5,500 per unit subsidy or opt out by paying 50 percent of the cost of the
affordable units to Denver's housing fund.

Denver's IHO has yielded 447 workforce residences since 2011.

More than a year ago, the city fixed two of the biggest flaws in the original
ordinance. IHO buyers could not rent their units, and when the housing market
collapsed (and it will again), buyers were stuck with properties they could not
sell. In addition, IHO covenants were incompatible with FHA lending
requirements, making a bad situation worse. The city rectified both issues.
However, more fundamental problems with Denver's inclusionary policies will
persist in any new ordinance, unless the developer subsidy equals the cost of
building the unit; density and parking incentives are added; Colorado's
construction defects law goes away; and multi family rentals are included.

Developers add the costs of producing IHO's to market rate units, thereby
increasing the price of market housing. As the demand for owner occupied
condominiums escalates, developers are finding ways to insure around Colorado's
lopsided construction defects law. Cost estimates are between $5,000 and $25,000
per unit, depending on size, location and market value.

Thanks to the 1980 Colorado Supreme Court decision Telluride vs. Lot 34 Venture,
rent control cannot be imposed through local ordinance. Though the law was
amended in 2010, allowing municipalities to negotiate not require rent
controlled set asides, neither the old nor a new inclusionary ordinance can
address Denver's dearth of affordable rentals.

Finally, it's not fair for developers and condominium buyers to assume the full
burden of supply. An investor who demolishes a small bungalow in Platt Park or
Sloan Lake, replacing it with a duplex selling for $700,000 per unit, adds to
Denver's shrinking inventory of affordable housing. Redevelopment and upgrading
of obsolete property and condo conversions also contribute.

The benefits and responsibilities of assuring the city has a full range of
housing options belongs to all of us.

Councilwoman Robin Kniech opened the door to assess the flawed policy. Instead
of rushing to approve the wrong answer to more complex problem, the city should
use the opportunity to have a bigger, more inclusive conversation. The goal must
be to identify a stable, robust and equitable source of funding.

Consider identifying an informed, neutral professional or organization to work
with the city and a diverse group of stakeholders. Examine creative strategies
to produce affordable, for sale and for rent housing.

More carrots, more sticks and greater flexibility in an unsound and ineffective
policy is not progress. It's Einstein's definition of insanity: doing the same
thing over and over again and expecting different results.

Susan Barnes Gelt (barnesgelt@gmail.com) co sponsored Denver's 2002 Inclusionary
Housing Ordinance during her tenure on the Denver City Council.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             619 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 11, 2015 Saturday

Greeley's tight, expensive rental market challenges residents

BYLINE: Catherine Sweeney, Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 863 words


July 11--After a string of unfortunate events, which included a death in the
family, Pamela Adair and her high school-age son ended up without a home.

Even with a restaurant job, she couldn't make rent. They moved into her mother's
house.

It's not where she wanted to be, but it beat the alternative.

"I didn't want to be homeless or taken to a homeless shelter," she said.

The voucher she needs to pay for rent came this month. It took five years. After
a half-decade stint on the housing authority's waiting list, she was given 60
days to find a place. It's proving tough.

She's not alone. The short supply of units and subsequent rise in prices is
roughing up renters of all kinds across the Greeley metropolitan area. Those
seeking Section 8 vouchers, hourly wage earners and students all have felt the
effects of a spike in rent.

About 1,000 Weld County families are in the voucher program, and hundreds more
are on the waiting list. Of those who manage to make it off the list, 55 percent
won't find a place to live before their allowed searching period ends.

Greeley's residential rental market is remarkably tight right now, with an
occupancy rate of 98.9 percent in the first quarter of 2015, according to
Colorado Department of Local Affairs data. When the supply is short, prices
rise. Over the past 10 years, median rent in the Greeley area has shot up almost
50 percent, hitting $873.64. Still, that's lower than in neighboring
communities. In Fort Collins, the median rent was $1,173.65 during the first
three months of this year. In Loveland, it was $1,254.61.

Hundreds of multi-family units are either in the permit process or under
construction, but the supply still won't meet demand, experts say.

Adair thinks she has found a place, but the process is complicated. She has had
trouble coordinating with the property managers and the other agencies helping
her get settled.

"It's just a waiting game, I guess," she said.

In a healthy rental market, 65 percent to 75 percent of voucher recipients find
somewhere to live before their 60 days are up, said Thomas Teixeira,
Greeley-Weld Housing Authority executive director. Now, that number is hovering
around 45 percent.

A lot of factors have dropped that number.

There's the obvious: finding an apartment can take time, especially when there
are few open. Renters have to be more aggressive during a shortage, Teixeira
said. It can be demanding and discouraging.

"This is somewhat of a full-time job until you find an apartment," he said.

Frankly, many property managers don't want to deal with the hassle of federal
funding and the risk of unstable tenants. With more competition over rentals,
they get to be more selective.

"Some landlords are saying, 'We'd rather not,' " Teixeira said.

Property managers also can have more stringent standards than the voucher's
administering agency, the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development.
Although the program does a criminal screening before awarding vouchers, they
really only look for violent and drug offenses, Teixeira said. Some landlords
won't allow felons of any kind to live in their units.

Increased demand raises rental rates. There's a cap on how much a family in the
program can spend on rent, and it's revised based on 2-year-old rent averages,
Teixeira said. As the cost of apartments and rental houses rise, the cap
struggles to keep up.

That spike -- much of which has come in the past two years -- is making it
difficult for renters of all kinds. Since the first quarter of 2005, the median
rent has risen $300 per month, a 47 percent increase.

The Greeley metro area's wage growth didn't keep pace. Over a similar time
period -- from 2007 to 2014 -- wages increased just 21 percent, according Bureau
of Labor Statistics data. Comparable data isn't available until 2007.

The rent hike has affected newcomers looking for rental homes, too.

"It's become more difficult, that's for sure," said James Kohles, the program
coordinator for Off-Campus Life at the University of Northern Colorado.

He and his staff help students with off-campus housing issues, including dealing
with landlord disputes and finding units. He has been working there for four
years.

"It's not every student, but there are definitely students who are struggling,"
he said. "A scholarship falls through, or they didn't get a job they thought
they were going to get, or they realize it's harder than they thought to have
two jobs, and they struggle with their coursework."

Rent isn't all they have to worry about. They need to find somewhere in the
first place.

UNC student employee Julie DeJong works in the school's front office. She and a
few friends wanted to live off campus together, but struggled to find somewhere.

"It took a lot of searching for a couple months ... definitely a lot of
difficulty looking," she said.

When they did find units, they were expensive.

"If you're looking for an apartment, it's getting to the point where it's going
to be $450 to $500 a person for a room," she said. "That's a hard part of being
a student."

___ (c)2015 the Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune
(Greeley, Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150711-GY-Greeley-s-tight-expensive-rental
-market-challenges-residents-0711-20150711

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2015 Greeley Tribune


                             620 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

Regulatory update: New York State Department of Public Service; Solstice
Initiative , has submitted (15-E-0082) 2016-10-11 Solstice 10 member minimum CDG

LENGTH: 505 words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: New York State Department of Public Service has issued the following
document :



 solstice.us

 Re: (Case 15 E-0082) Petition to waive ten-member minimum requirement for

 community distributed generation projects sited on multi-family residential

 properties.



 Dear Public Service Commissioners:

 Solstice Initiative submits this document in support of the petition to request
that the

 current 10-member minimum requirement for community distributed generation
projects

 be waived for multi-family residential properties. The petition was jointly
filed on

 September, 1, 2016 by the City of New York, Solar One, Grid Alternatives, the
Natural

 Resources Defense Council, the Association for Energy Affordability and the
Environmental

 Defense Fund.

 Abolishing the 10-member minimum is a critical step to achieving Solstice's
mission of

 solar power access for every American. Most New Yorkers in urban areas
statewide reside

 in buildings of fewer than 10 units; this includes the 40% of NYC residents who
live in

 buildings with five or fewer units.1 Waiving the 10-member minimum would create
the

 possibility for small-scale solar projects to be realized in urban areas that
otherwise would

 not be viable.

 Solstice is particularly concerned about the effect of 10-member minimum
requirement for

 CDG participation on low-income households' access to solar power. Energy
poverty is a

 social justice issue directly affecting tens of thousands of low-income New
Yorkers who pay

 a disproportionate share of their income towards their utilities bill. Seventy
five percent of

 low-income NYC households not benefiting from a housing subsidy are located in
buildings

 with five or fewer units.2 Waiving the 10-member minimum for CDG participation
would

 therefore create a more equitable energy economy inclusive of all New Yorkers.

 Overall, the current 10-member minimum effectively precludes a large proportion
of small

 and moderate-sized multi-family properties with fewer than 10 units from
utilizing the

 existing CDG regulation for this purpose. This restriction therefore limits the
potential of

 New York State to meet the core objective that the CDG order is intended to
fulfill; namely

 to increase access to and investment in distributed energy technologies such as
solar.

 We therefore urge the Public Service Commission to grant the request put forth
in the

 September 1 petition to waive the 10-member minimum for CDG projects on
multi-family

 residential properties.

 Thank you for your consideration.

 Sincerely,

 1 NYU Furman Center for Real Estate & Urban Policy, "Maintenance and Investment
in Small Rental Properties: Findings from New

 York City and Baltimore" (2013) available at

<http://furmancenter.org/files/MaintenanceandInvestmentSmallRentalProperties_Wor
kingPaper_15NOV2013.pdf.>

 2 Ibid.

 solstice.us

 Kelly Roache

 Business Development Consultant

 Solstice Initiative

 kelly@solsticeinitiative.org

 www.solstice.us



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             621 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

Regulatory update: New York State Department of Public Service; Solstice
Initiative , has submitted (15-E-0082) 2016-10-11 Solstice 10 member minimum CDG

LENGTH: 505 words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: New York State Department of Public Service has issued the following
document :



 solstice.us

 Re: (Case 15 E-0082) Petition to waive ten-member minimum requirement for

 community distributed generation projects sited on multi-family residential

 properties.



 Dear Public Service Commissioners:

 Solstice Initiative submits this document in support of the petition to request
that the

 current 10-member minimum requirement for community distributed generation
projects

 be waived for multi-family residential properties. The petition was jointly
filed on

 September, 1, 2016 by the City of New York, Solar One, Grid Alternatives, the
Natural

 Resources Defense Council, the Association for Energy Affordability and the
Environmental

 Defense Fund.

 Abolishing the 10-member minimum is a critical step to achieving Solstice's
mission of

 solar power access for every American. Most New Yorkers in urban areas
statewide reside

 in buildings of fewer than 10 units; this includes the 40% of NYC residents who
live in

 buildings with five or fewer units.1 Waiving the 10-member minimum would create
the

 possibility for small-scale solar projects to be realized in urban areas that
otherwise would

 not be viable.

 Solstice is particularly concerned about the effect of 10-member minimum
requirement for

 CDG participation on low-income households' access to solar power. Energy
poverty is a

 social justice issue directly affecting tens of thousands of low-income New
Yorkers who pay

 a disproportionate share of their income towards their utilities bill. Seventy
five percent of

 low-income NYC households not benefiting from a housing subsidy are located in
buildings

 with five or fewer units.2 Waiving the 10-member minimum for CDG participation
would

 therefore create a more equitable energy economy inclusive of all New Yorkers.

 Overall, the current 10-member minimum effectively precludes a large proportion
of small

 and moderate-sized multi-family properties with fewer than 10 units from
utilizing the

 existing CDG regulation for this purpose. This restriction therefore limits the
potential of

 New York State to meet the core objective that the CDG order is intended to
fulfill; namely

 to increase access to and investment in distributed energy technologies such as
solar.

 We therefore urge the Public Service Commission to grant the request put forth
in the

 September 1 petition to waive the 10-member minimum for CDG projects on
multi-family

 residential properties.

 Thank you for your consideration.

 Sincerely,

 1 NYU Furman Center for Real Estate & Urban Policy, "Maintenance and Investment
in Small Rental Properties: Findings from New

 York City and Baltimore" (2013) available at

<http://furmancenter.org/files/MaintenanceandInvestmentSmallRentalProperties_Wor
kingPaper_15NOV2013.pdf.>

 2 Ibid.

 solstice.us

 Kelly Roache

 Business Development Consultant

 Solstice Initiative

 kelly@solsticeinitiative.org

 www.solstice.us



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             622 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

Regulatory update: New York State Department of Public Service; Solstice
Initiative , has submitted (15-E-0082) 2016-10-11 Solstice 10 member minimum CDG

LENGTH: 505 words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: New York State Department of Public Service has issued the following
document :



 solstice.us

 Re: (Case 15 E-0082) Petition to waive ten-member minimum requirement for

 community distributed generation projects sited on multi-family residential

 properties.



 Dear Public Service Commissioners:

 Solstice Initiative submits this document in support of the petition to request
that the

 current 10-member minimum requirement for community distributed generation
projects

 be waived for multi-family residential properties. The petition was jointly
filed on

 September, 1, 2016 by the City of New York, Solar One, Grid Alternatives, the
Natural

 Resources Defense Council, the Association for Energy Affordability and the
Environmental

 Defense Fund.

 Abolishing the 10-member minimum is a critical step to achieving Solstice's
mission of

 solar power access for every American. Most New Yorkers in urban areas
statewide reside

 in buildings of fewer than 10 units; this includes the 40% of NYC residents who
live in

 buildings with five or fewer units.1 Waiving the 10-member minimum would create
the

 possibility for small-scale solar projects to be realized in urban areas that
otherwise would

 not be viable.

 Solstice is particularly concerned about the effect of 10-member minimum
requirement for

 CDG participation on low-income households' access to solar power. Energy
poverty is a

 social justice issue directly affecting tens of thousands of low-income New
Yorkers who pay

 a disproportionate share of their income towards their utilities bill. Seventy
five percent of

 low-income NYC households not benefiting from a housing subsidy are located in
buildings

 with five or fewer units.2 Waiving the 10-member minimum for CDG participation
would

 therefore create a more equitable energy economy inclusive of all New Yorkers.

 Overall, the current 10-member minimum effectively precludes a large proportion
of small

 and moderate-sized multi-family properties with fewer than 10 units from
utilizing the

 existing CDG regulation for this purpose. This restriction therefore limits the
potential of

 New York State to meet the core objective that the CDG order is intended to
fulfill; namely

 to increase access to and investment in distributed energy technologies such as
solar.

 We therefore urge the Public Service Commission to grant the request put forth
in the

 September 1 petition to waive the 10-member minimum for CDG projects on
multi-family

 residential properties.

 Thank you for your consideration.

 Sincerely,

 1 NYU Furman Center for Real Estate & Urban Policy, "Maintenance and Investment
in Small Rental Properties: Findings from New

 York City and Baltimore" (2013) available at

<http://furmancenter.org/files/MaintenanceandInvestmentSmallRentalProperties_Wor
kingPaper_15NOV2013.pdf.>

 2 Ibid.

 solstice.us

 Kelly Roache

 Business Development Consultant

 Solstice Initiative

 kelly@solsticeinitiative.org

 www.solstice.us



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             623 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

Regulatory update: New York State Department of Public Service; Solstice
Initiative , has submitted (15-E-0082) 2016-10-11 Solstice 10 member minimum CDG

LENGTH: 505 words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: New York State Department of Public Service has issued the following
document :



 solstice.us

 Re: (Case 15 E-0082) Petition to waive ten-member minimum requirement for

 community distributed generation projects sited on multi-family residential

 properties.



 Dear Public Service Commissioners:

 Solstice Initiative submits this document in support of the petition to request
that the

 current 10-member minimum requirement for community distributed generation
projects

 be waived for multi-family residential properties. The petition was jointly
filed on

 September, 1, 2016 by the City of New York, Solar One, Grid Alternatives, the
Natural

 Resources Defense Council, the Association for Energy Affordability and the
Environmental

 Defense Fund.

 Abolishing the 10-member minimum is a critical step to achieving Solstice's
mission of

 solar power access for every American. Most New Yorkers in urban areas
statewide reside

 in buildings of fewer than 10 units; this includes the 40% of NYC residents who
live in

 buildings with five or fewer units.1 Waiving the 10-member minimum would create
the

 possibility for small-scale solar projects to be realized in urban areas that
otherwise would

 not be viable.

 Solstice is particularly concerned about the effect of 10-member minimum
requirement for

 CDG participation on low-income households' access to solar power. Energy
poverty is a

 social justice issue directly affecting tens of thousands of low-income New
Yorkers who pay

 a disproportionate share of their income towards their utilities bill. Seventy
five percent of

 low-income NYC households not benefiting from a housing subsidy are located in
buildings

 with five or fewer units.2 Waiving the 10-member minimum for CDG participation
would

 therefore create a more equitable energy economy inclusive of all New Yorkers.

 Overall, the current 10-member minimum effectively precludes a large proportion
of small

 and moderate-sized multi-family properties with fewer than 10 units from
utilizing the

 existing CDG regulation for this purpose. This restriction therefore limits the
potential of

 New York State to meet the core objective that the CDG order is intended to
fulfill; namely

 to increase access to and investment in distributed energy technologies such as
solar.

 We therefore urge the Public Service Commission to grant the request put forth
in the

 September 1 petition to waive the 10-member minimum for CDG projects on
multi-family

 residential properties.

 Thank you for your consideration.

 Sincerely,

 1 NYU Furman Center for Real Estate & Urban Policy, "Maintenance and Investment
in Small Rental Properties: Findings from New

 York City and Baltimore" (2013) available at

<http://furmancenter.org/files/MaintenanceandInvestmentSmallRentalProperties_Wor
kingPaper_15NOV2013.pdf.>

 2 Ibid.

 solstice.us

 Kelly Roache

 Business Development Consultant

 Solstice Initiative

 kelly@solsticeinitiative.org

 www.solstice.us



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             624 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Edmond Sun (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 2, 2009 Wednesday

Developer defends Coffee Creek plans

BYLINE: James Coburn, The Edmond Sun, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 562 words


Sep. 2--EDMOND -- EDITOR'S NOTE: See Thursday's Edmond Sun for a report on
residents' concerns.

More than 250 Coffee Creek addition residents listened intently Tuesday night at
a Community Connections meeting, trying to find common ground with Covell Road
Properties owner Derek Turner, who plans to develop a 350-unit apartment
complex.

A parcel remains to be developed north of Covell Road, east of Kelly Avenue and
west of Boulevard. The Coffee Creek PUD was approved by the city in 1996,
according to Bob Schiermeyer, city planner.

"This project was planned from day one this way," Turner said of the proposed
$30 million development. "There was not a single home built, sold or moved into
of these homes without that being of full public record."

The Edmond Planning Commission recently delayed voting on an extension of
undeveloped portions of Coffee Creek Planned Unit Development with the Community
Connections meeting in mind.

Jon McNaught, a resident and spokesperson for three Coffee Creek homeowners'
associations, and Turner presented their viewpoints before Turner answered
questions from the audience.

Worries about how the development could impact property values, create traffic
congestion for area schools and integrate awkwardly into the neighborhood
addition were a backdrop to Turner's message that the property would be
developed as multi-family.

"None of us want apartments in our neighborhood. Let's just say it, get it out
on the table," McNaught said amid applause. He said a second Community
Connections meeting would be important if Turner insists on apartments.

"Whatever your views are on multi-family -- whether you're talking about density
or not density -- I can say this land is too valuable," Turner said. "It will
not be single family."

The land will not become a park and will have one entrance onto Covell Road at
Shortgrass Road, Turner said definitively.

"Having affordable housing in Edmond is a major issue. We don't have it," Turner
said. He said homes in Coffee Creek are being rented. Homes were built in Coffee
Creek for the intention of renting, he added. Rented property will be part of
the future of housing, he said.

Turner said he doesn't understand how rented property would hurt property values
in the area.

Everyone would agree that Turner has a right to develop property he owns,
McNaught said.

"Tonight is the first step of what are the alternatives to go in that space, and
at the end of the day, have some input..." McNaught said. "Unless we buy it,
something's going to go there." McNaught said the homeowners' dues would have to
double for the next 30 years for area residents to purchase the property.

He said the homeowners recognize the high probability that apartments will be
constructed on the parcel, but they will have some input on what is built.

"If you don't want apartments, double our dues and we'll go buy the land,"
McNaught said. "But again, that's our reality."

jcoburn@edmondsun.com -- 341-2121, ext. 114

To see more of The Edmond Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.edmondsun.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Edmond Sun, Okla. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090902-EO-Developer-defends-Coffee-Creek-plans-0902

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EO


                                 Copyright 2009


                             625 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                WMI Company News

                              March 8, 2013 Friday

Kier Partnership Homes wins $21 million contracts for housing projects in UK

LENGTH: 129 words


The two projects will be developed at Grange Farm Drive and Owens Croft in Kings
Norton and will deliver a total of 104 new homes, which will include both rental
as well as open market sale properties.

At both the locations, the company will develop a mix of flats and two, three
and four-bedroom houses. The Owens Croft project involves development of 49
houses, which will include 23 affordable homes and 26 homes for open market
sale. The Grange Farm Drive development will provide 29 affordable homes and 26
open market sale properties.

Aiming at achieving the Code for Sustainable Homes Levels 3 and 4, the homes
will be fitted with A+ rated appliances, water butts and cycle storage. The
homes will feature a modern external design, which is a mix of brickwork and
render.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 World Market Intelligence Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             626 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 27, 2009 Friday
                         The New York Times on the Web

Welfare

BYLINE: By DAVID STOUT

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; National Desk; DRILLING DOWN ON THE BUDGET; Pg.

LENGTH: 328 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The president's budget assumes that some Americans will have to rely more on
welfare and poverty-combating programs ''in these tough economic times,'' and
accordingly calls for spending more on a variety of program. But it also
foresees savings by aiming to weed out fraud, waste and abuse.

To make it easier for poor families to put food on the table, the Department of
Agriculture's budget includes a temporary increase in the Supplemental Nutrition
Assistance Program (SNAP), formerly Food Stamps, under the recently enacted
economic stimulus package. The budget also includes money for a pilot program to
increase participation among low-income elderly. The budget for the Department
of Housing and Urban Development includes $4.5 billion for the Community
Development Block Grant program, meant to promote investments to expand economic
opportunities for low-income families. Housing needs are addressed in a variety
of ways, including $1 billion for a program to develop, rehabilitate and
preserve affordable housing for families with very low incomes and increased
financing for a program to preserve about 1.3 million rental units through
contracts with owners of multi-family properties.

The document proposes investing more than $6 billion on cancer research and more
than $4 billion to expand health-care services for American Indians and Alaska
natives, in addition to more money to detect, prevent and treat AIDS. Other
areas addressed under spending for the Department of Health and Human Services
include additional financing for Early Head Start and Head Start, $73 million to
improve health care in rural areas and support for state and local efforts to
reduce pregnancy among teen-agers.

The budget for Health and Human Services calls for savings through stricter
scrutiny of Medicare and Medicaid spending, while the blueprint for Housing and
Urban Development envisions an intensified campaign against mortgage fraud and
predatory loan practices.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                             627 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Daily Democrat (Woodland, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 20, 2008 Saturday

$616K grant awarded to bolster affordable housing in Spring Lake

BYLINE: The Daily Democrat, Woodland, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 526 words


Dec. 20--Rochdale Grange, an affordable housing community of 44 apartments in
Woodland, has been awarded a grant of $616,000.

The award is from the Affordable Housing Program of the Federal Home Loan Bank
of San Francisco and was applied for by First Northern Bank.

Rochdale Grange in Spring Lake was initiated by Yolo-based Neighborhood
Partners, LLC. The housing community will be built at the corner of Parkland
Avenue and Heritage Parkway.

"First Northern Bank is a very active FHLB member," said senior vice president
Jeff Adamski, regional branch manager in Davis. "We have a 98-year legacy of
lending to local communities in support of affordable housing. Over the years,
we've obtained nearly $2 million in grants for affordable housing in Yolo
County."

The award to Rochdale Grange, which pencils out to $14,000 per apartment, is one
of the largest grants per unit of the more than 80 projects chosen by the
regional Federal Home Loan Bank.

The grant to Rochdale Grange is the only one awarded by the Federal Home Loan
Bank in Yolo County during 2008.

The award will assist in making all 44 apartments affordable to households
between 30 to 50 percent of Yolo County's median income.

Partnering with Neighborhood Partners is New Hope CDC, a subsidiary of Yolo
County Housing. Rochdale Grange is scheduled to begin construction in the spring
of 2009.

Rochdale Grange has received commitments of almost $9 million in construction
financing and $818,000 in permanent financing from the California Housing
Finance Agency; $4 million in HOME funds and another $2.9 million from the Multi
Family Housing Program of the State Department of Housing and Community
Development. Finally, federal tax credits of $4.9 have also been approved.

First Northern Bank, an independent community bank headquartered in Solano
County since 1910, serves Solano, Yolo, Sacramento, Placer and the west slope of
El Dorado County.

Created in 1950, Yolo County Housing provides year-round rental assistance
through low cost housing that it owns and manages, as well as through housing
that it owns in partnership. is dedicated to providing quality affordable
housing and community development services within its service area.

The Housing Authority and its allied organizations provide assistance to about
2,076 households throughout Solano County and are partners in 112 affordable tax
credit units. Housing units are located in Woodland, West Sacramento, Davis and
in the unincorporated areas.

Since 1995, Neighborhood Partners, has developed more affordable housing
communities in Yolo County than any other organization. Neighborhood Partners
develops a range of nonprofit, mutual and cooperative housing for all types of
people, from "students to seniors."

To see more of the Daily Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dailydemocrat.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Daily Democrat, Woodland,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081220-VL-616K-grant-awarded-to-bolster-affordable-housing
-in-Spring-Lake-1220

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VL


                                 Copyright 2008


                             628 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Some New London homeless shelter properties taxable after all

BYLINE: Greg Smith, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 776 words


Sept. 16--NEW LONDON -- The city stands to gain about $10,000 in annual taxes as
a result of scrutiny of the tax-exempt status of rental properties owned by the
New London Homeless Hospitality Center.

Homeless Hospitality Center Executive Director Cathy Zall said she now realizes
that since two of the center's five multi-family rental properties were
subsidized by state or federal funds, they are by state statute not eligible for
tax-exempt status.

She said the center has decided to drop plans to apply for tax-exempt status for
a recently purchased home at 195 Williams St. and will be placing a home at 73
Broad St. back on the tax rolls by the end of the month.

Both properties are aimed at housing low-income tenants or the homeless, part of
the overall mission of the homeless center to find or create permanent homes for
the homeless.

Zall said the center had obtained a $300,000 grant for the Williams Street home
through the federal Low Income Housing Tax Credit program of the Connecticut
Housing Authority.

The four-family Broad street home was purchased and renovated in a similar
method.

After the center's most recent purchase, Mayor Michael Passero said he spoke
with City Attorney Jeffrey Londregan and met with Zall last week for further
explanation about whether the tax-exempt purpose was within the letter of the
law.

He said statute revealed the properties should not be tax exempt.

"By the time we met, we came to the same conclusion, at least partially,"
Passero said of his meeting with Zall.

Zall said she spoke with Peter Battles, president of the Eastern Connecticut
Housing Opportunities, or ECHO, which uses state money to rehab deteriorating
homes to rent or sell to low-income tenants.

He had filled her in on state rules regarding tax-exempt status.

While some properties used for a charitable purpose are exempt, a portion of the
state statute reads, "housing subsidized, in whole or in part, by federal, state
or local government and housing for persons or families of low and moderate
income shall not constitute a charitable purpose under this section."

"In good faith, we had proceeded as we purchased them to apply for tax-exempt
status," Zall said. "We are now doing the proper thing and paying taxes on those
two properties. We're trying to be above board."

Passero said since 44 percent of the properties in the city already are tax
exempt and benefit from city services, anything falling off the tax rolls tends
to draw attention.

"From what the law director said, this appears to be a mutual mistake based on a
lack of information," Passero said.

New state Office of Policy and Management forms recently submitted to tax
assessors across the state might clear up any future mishaps, he said.

The new forms provide detailed information that would allow a tax assessor to
recognize that a property was subsidized, where in the past it had not, he said.

Passero said he forwarded the new forms to the Homeless Hospitality Center and
any other organizations where there may have been a similar oversight.

"The organization is an asset to the city. It's clear to me the Homeless
Hospitality Center was doing what they only thought was appropriate for their
goals and the assessor was going on the information she had," he said. "It's
ironic that OPM stumbled onto the same problem."

Zall said she planned to discuss all of the center's properties with the board
of directors at their next meeting.

She said three other rental properties, including one home housing veterans,
were not publicly funded but rather purchased and rehabbed with a mix of
charitable donations and center funds.

She said there would be more investigation to ensure they were following state
law when they gained tax-exempt status for rental properties at 19 Steward St.
and 70 Mountain Ave.

Zall said providing a mix of housing for all income levels in the city is an
important issue and one the center has tried to address.

The center will pay $6,168 in annual taxes at the 73 Broad St. property based on
an assessment of $152,460, according to the tax assessor's office.

The annual tax bill for 195 Williams St. is $3,996, based on a $98,770
assessment.

Zall said the center will not have an issue paying the taxes on the two
properties.

Looking ahead at a possible rise in the assessed value of the Williams Street
property once renovations are completed, Zall said there is a provision in state
statute that allows the assessor to base the tax rate on the income of the
property, rather than the assessed value.

g.smith@theday.com

___ (c)2016 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160916-NL-Some-New-London-homeless-shelter-properties-taxable-after-all-0916-2
0160916

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2016 The Day


                             629 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            December 16, 2016 Friday

BUSINESS DIGEST

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; BUSINESS DIGEST; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1087 words


Briefly

U-HAUL NEIGHBORHOOD DEALER OPENS: Diamond Body Shop, 1704 Land O'Lakes Blvd.,
Lutz, has signed on as a U-Haul neighborhood dealer. The business will offer
U-Haul trucks, towing equipment, support rental items and in-store pickup for
boxes. Hours of operation for rentals are from 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday
through Friday and from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturdays. For information, call (813)
949-8909.

PARTNERSHIP ANNOUNCED: Busch Gardens Tampa Bay and Florida Hospital Center Ice
in Wesley Chapel have entered into a multi-year agreement for Busch Gardens to
be the exclusive sponsor of the main hockey rink at the new facility under
construction in Wesley Chapel. When finished in the coming months, Florida
Hospital Center Ice will be the largest ice sports facility in the southeastern
United States. As part of the sponsorship agreement, Busch Gardens will have a
significant presence at the ice center. In addition to the center ice logo, it
will be branded on all four rink dasher boards and have digital advertising
signage throughout the facility, including the main video walls.

TOP SCHOOL RECOGNITION: For the fourth consecutive year, Saint Leo University
has earned recognition from Military Advanced Education & Transition magazine as
the leader in the nation for providing education to those who are serving or who
have served in the military. Saint Leo earned the designation in the magazine's
2017 Guide to Colleges and Universities, measuring best practices in military
and veteran education.

JOINT VENTURE WILL IMPACT GROWTH: People Places and Jose Cardenas recently
announced a new joint venture, 5800 Main, and its purchase of the former Cameo
Antique Mall in downtown New Port Richey. The roughly 9,500-square-foot
building, which will be renamed 5800 Main, is one of the largest buildings
downtown and presents a significant opportunity to revitalize downtown retail.
"Our goal is to get more people walking downtown with interesting merchants,
inviting storefront design and things like seating and merchandise displays on
the sidewalk," said People Places founder Frank Starkey. No tenants have been
announced. Interested prospective tenants should contact Cardenas, the acting
leasing agent, at (281) 827-0223.

SECOND PHASE OF AFFORDABLE HOUSING: Housing Trust Group, a multi-family housing
developer in Florida, recently closed on financing to begin construction of an
additional 110 units at Park at Wellington, a $37.9 million, 220-unit affordable
housing community under construction in Holiday. HTG broke ground on Phase 1 of
the project in July. The new community, which is scheduled to be finished in
November 2017, will offer reduced rents to those with qualifying incomes, as
well as on-site services. Funding for the second phase included the use of a
tax-exempt loan provided by the Florida Housing Finance Corp., 4 percent
low-income housing tax credit equity from City Real Estate Advisors and a
construction loan from Key Bank. Development of the community will create
approximately 100 construction jobs and 10 permanent jobs.

* * *

Who's news

TOP REALTORS: Coldwell Banker F.I. Grey & Son Residential, 6330 U.S. 19, New
Port Richey, has announced its top Realtors for November. Jon Bogdanowitz
received the awards for Top Listing Agent by Units and the Top Selling Agent by
Units and Volume. Sean Riordan was honored with the Top Listing Agent by Volume
award. Carolyn Hill received the Top Producing Agent by Units award, and Tricia
Shade was named Top Producing Agent by Volume.

* * *

Events

POLAREX SANTA IS OPEN: Children are invited to visit with Santa, Mrs. Claus and
the elves at no charge from 3 to 6 p.m. Monday through Friday and from noon to 6
p.m. Saturdays and Sundays from now until Christmas at Polarex Santa, 8601 Ridge
Road, New Port Richey. Parents are welcome to take their own photos or purchase
a 5-by-7 print for $12 (two for $20). For information, call (727) 494-6024.

SANTA AT GULF VIEW SQUARE: Kids can have their photos taken with Santa in center
court at Gulf View Square mall, 9409 U.S. 19, Port Richey, until Dec. 24. Hours
are from 10 a.m. to 8:30 p.m. Dec. 16 and 17 and 19-23; 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. Dec.
18, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Dec. 24. For information and costs, call (727) 848-3600
or visit shopgulfviewsquare.com.

GET READY TO LAUNCH YOUR BUSINESS: SMARTstart Pasco Business Incubator and the
Greater Pasco Chamber of Commerce will co-host the next 10-week SMARTstart
CO.STARTERS session from 6 to 9 p.m. every Thursday, beginning Jan. 19, at the
chamber office, 16540 Pointe Village Dr., Suite 105, Lutz. The deadline to
register is 4 p.m. Jan. 13. Led by a trained coach in a small, supportive group
setting, attendees will gain insights, relationships and tools needed to turn
business ideas into action. The event is ideal for established business owners
wanting to take their company to the next level or aspiring entrepreneurs
looking to launch their first business. The cost is $295 and includes 10 weeks
of instruction and materials. To register, visit smartstartpasco.com.

BUSINESS AND HEALTH EXPO: The West Pasco Chamber of Commerce and the Gulf View
Square mall will present Business and Health Expo 2017, to kick off Business
Development Week, from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. Jan. 21 at the mall, 9409 US 19, Port
Richey. Health fair vendors will be at the north end of the mall, and other
vendors will be clustered in the center of the mall. The event will include
business presentations, entertainment, drawings and sidewalk sales. The event is
free and open to the public.

PIGZ IN Z'HILLS BBQ & BLUES FESTIVAL: The sixth annual PigZ in Z'Hills BBQ and
Blues Festival will be from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Jan. 21 at its new location, 5200
Airport Road, Zephyrhills. The event, sponsored by the Greater Zephyrhills
Chamber of Commerce, includes a barbecue competition, live blues music, a kids
fun zone, a business expo, a car show, an aviation display and show, and a
military history museum. Free admission; parking is $10. The event benefits
local youth and education programs. No coolers or pets allowed. Bring a lawn
chair. For information, call (813) 782-1913 or visit zephyrhillschamber.org.

If you have business announcements you would like to share, mail the details to
Jean Hamilton, Business Digest, Pasco Times, 11321 U.S. 19, Port Richey, FL
34668. You may also email items to jhamilton@tampabay.com or fax them to (352)
754-6133. Submitted items may be edited for length and clarity. Photos are
published as space permits; they will not be returned.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2016 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             630 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Justice Department Settles with Salt Lake City-Area Apartment Complexes to
Resolve Allegations of Discrimination Against Individuals with Disabilities

LENGTH: 641  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of Public Affairs Department of Justice has issued the
following news release:



  The Justice Department announced today that the owners and managers of four
multi-family apartment complexes in the Salt Lake City area have agreed to pay
$45,000 to settle a lawsuit alleging that they violated the Fair Housing Act by
discriminating against tenants and prospective tenants with disabilities.





 The lawsuit, filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Utah, alleges
that the defendants failed to provide reasonable accommodations for certain
tenants with disabilities who sought to live with their assistance animals.  The
department's complaint alleges, among other things, that the defendants - the
property management company NALS Apartment Homes; the owners of Pinnacle
Highland Apartments, Cobble Creek Apartments and Sky Harbor Apartments; and the
former owners of Thornhill Park Apartments - required tenants with disabilities
who sought to live with an assistance animal to have a healthcare provider
complete a "prescription form" suggesting that the healthcare provider may be
held responsible for any property damage or physical injury that the assistance
animal may cause.  The defendants did not require tenants without disabilities
who had pets to have a third party assume liability for their animals.



 The lawsuit arose as a result of complaints by both former tenants and Utah's
Disability Law Center (DLC) filed with the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development.  DLC, a non-profit organization that works to promote equal housing
opportunities in the Salt Lake City metropolitan area, sent testers posing as
prospective renters to the defendants' apartment buildings to determine whether
they were engaging in discriminatory practices in violation of the Fair Housing
Act.



 "The Fair Housing Act requires landlords to make accommodations for individuals
with disabilities who require assistance animals in their homes," said Principal
Deputy Assistant Attorney General Vanita Gupta, head of the Justice Department's
Civil Rights Division.  "The Justice Department remains deeply committed to
protecting the rights of persons with disabilities and holding accountable
housing providers who utilize discriminatory policies."



 "This office will not tolerate business practices that deprive those with
disabilities their rights to housing accommodations required under the law,"
said U.S. Attorney John W. Huber of the District of Utah.  "We will vigorously
pursue those who fail to comply with these standards."



 Under the terms of the consent order, which must still be approved by the
court, the defendants are required to pay $20,000 to a former tenant and her
seven-year-old son with autism who were denied permission to keep the child's
assistance animal after the child's doctor refused to assume liability for any
possible damages caused by the animal.  The defendants are also required to pay
$25,000 to establish a settlement fund to compensate any additional individuals
who were harmed by their conduct.  The settlement also prohibits the defendants
from engaging in future discrimination and requires them to establish a
non-discriminatory reasonable accommodation policy, use non-discriminatory
reasonable accommodation application forms and have the relevant employees
participate in fair-housing training.



 Individuals who have a disability and believe they were improperly denied the
opportunity to live with their assistance animal or received a substantially
delayed decision in response to a request to live with their assistance animal
at one of the four apartment complexes listed above should contact the Justice
Department at 1-800-896-7743, option 994,



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             631 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                    February 25, 1994, Friday, FINAL EDITION

From low-cost housing to casinos, fortune smiles on VLC; VLC: social purpose of
rental corportion becoming 'kind of vague'

BYLINE: DAVID BAINES; VANSUN

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D9

LENGTH: 1375 words


VLC Properties Ltd. has come a long way from the grey halls of subsidized rental
housing to the glitzy palaces of Vegas-style gambling.

In fact, the company's metamorphosis has been so radical it has caught many
people by surprise.

"The fact we are now into casino development surprises me," says Charles Cooke,
former trustee of Pacific Press Ltd.'s two pension plans, which invested $
500,000 in VLC. "I thought the long-term plan was to develop rental housing."

According to VLC's initial offering memorandum in September 1989, the company
was formed "to develop, own and manage a portfolio of multi-family residential
properties located in Vancouver."

Rental housing was a hot topic at the time. The vacancy rate in Greater
Vancouver was only 0.5 per cent, and many tenants were being displaced by
demolitions and strata-title developments.

Then-mayor Gordon Campbell was under pressure to provide renters with some kind
of relief, so he approached his old friend, real estate developer Jack Poole.

Poole previously served as the guiding light for Daon Development Corp. That
light, however, was extinguished by the recession of the early 1980s.

Poole then sold Daon's assets, and his services, to BCE Development Corp., which
proceeded to lose hundreds of millions of dollars.

In 1989, Poole resigned from BCED and became VLC's chair, president and chief
executive officer.

At the same time, several union pension-fund officials were becoming
apprehensive about the large amount of B.C. land being acquired by foreign
interests, most notably the Expo lands at False Creek, which had just been sold
to Li Ka-Shing.

They also saw an opportunity to create union jobs and earn profits by direct
investment in B.C. real estate projects. A case in point was the
Telecommunications Workers Union pension plan, which enjoyed great success with
the Pacific Point development at the end of False Creek. Bill Clark, former
president of the TWU, wanted to build more union-sponsored projects. So did
Bruce Rollick, a Vancouver-born actuary who had direct access to many union
pension plans and believed strongly in local real-estate investment

Clark and Rollick joined forces with Campbell and Poole, and VLC Properties Ltd.
was born.

*

VLC's initial plan was to build rental units on $ 48 million worth of land
provided by the city on an 80-year lease.

Payments would equal 75 per cent of net operating income (after operating
expenses and financing costs), to a maximum return of eight per cent of the land
value.

In return, VLC would keep the units in the rental pool and rents would be pegged
to the consumer price index, giving tenents much-needed stability.

The lease deal, which was not put to tender, was criticized by councillor
Jonathon Baker, who argued it was too generous and would not generate an
adequate return for Vancouver taxpayers.

He also noted, quite prophetically, that VLC's offering memorandum did not
restrict its activities to multi-family rental accommodation. The company could,
he said, "develop condos in California."

*

Poole's first task was to raise development money. He personally bought $
750,000 worth of shares, then approached old friends and former associates,
including Bob Lee, William Levine, Graham Dawson, Milan Illich, Chunky Woodward
and Edgar Kaiser Jr.

It proved a tough sell, however. Rents were capped and there was no opportunity
for capital gains. There was also no ready market for the shares, although VLC
promised it would seek -- subject to market and economic conditions -- a listing
on a recognized stock exchange within five years.

Most of Poole's friends invested a relatively small amount ($ 100,000 each)
"just to get me off the phone," he admits. "Nobody phoned and said 'I'd like to
put money in that company.'

"I thought industry and major employers would really see the advantage of having
affordable housing in the city," he says.

The union pension funds, piqued by Rollick and Clarke, weren't nearly as
reticent. About 28 pension plans, including Pacific Press, bought shares. VLC's
board is now dominated by union officials, including Ken Georgetti, president of
the B.C. Federation of Labor.

The B.C. government, through the Socred's privatization benefits fund, invested
$ 1 million and the City of Vancouver kicked in another $ 2 million.

The Toronto Dominion Bank invested $ 1 million and the Bank of Montreal $
500,000.

In total, Poole raised $ 27.3 million by the end of 1989.

*

VLC's stated objective was "to commence construction of approximately 1,200 to
2,000 apartment units by the end of 1990, and to construct 1,500 to 2,000
apartment units annually thereafter."

Nearly 4 1/2 years has passed and, according to the company's own schedule, it
should have completed at least 4,500 rental units by now. In fact, it has built
only 740 units, says Lionel Wazny, VLC's vice-president of finance.

That includes 192 micro-suites in a controversial high-rise development at 600
Drake Street. The development was viewed by many as unsuitable for human
habitation.

Another 400 rental units are planned for a two-acre site in the Joyce-Vanness
area, which will bring the total number of rental units to 1,140. Beyond that,
there are no plans to build assured rental housing.

"Those were pretty bold expectations," admitted Poole, explaining that some of
the city-owned land proved unsuitable for development, and the supply of
city-owned land generally dried up.

"I thought VLC would be so widely acclaimed the city would make other lands
available to us," he says.

City real estate manager Bruce Maitland says VLC has exercised its option to
lease $ 28.5 million worth of city-owned land and has paid only $ 28,000 in
lease income to date. He added, however, that city staff anticipated poor
returns during VLC's formative years.

Meanwhile, provincial taxpayers have been subsidizing VLC mortage costs through
the B.C. Rental Supply Program. Program staff report that subsidies totalling $
6.7 million have been approved for VLC, of which $ 2.6 million has been paid to
date.

*

In late 1992, the B.C. government imposed the corporate capital tax, which
prompted VLC to change its organizational structure.

VLC Properties became a holding company for four completed rental projects on
city-owned land and changed its name to VLC Leaseholds Ltd., to reflect its
status as a holding comapny.

All other assets, plus 95 per cent of the capital invested by pension funds,
were transferred to Collingwood Village Properties Inc., a non-taxable real
estate corporation.

This entity, which has been renamed VLC Real Estate Corporation, has become the
development company. It is planning to build 2,200 for-sale units on 27 acres of
residential property at Joyce and Vanness, and another 460 for-sale units
kitty-corner to that location.

VLC also formed a third company, VLC Properties Ltd., to provide real-estate
management services. This is the entity spearheading the waterfront casino
project.

As part of the reorganization, private investors -- including Poole -- and the
city had substantially all their capital returned to them. This may prove
fortuitous, as VLC has abandoned, for tax reasons, plans to list VLC shares on a
stock exchange. That means VLC investors will have no ready market for their
shares.

Despite this lack of liquidity, the B.C. finance department, through the B.C.
Endowment Fund, invested $ 15 million in VLC Real Estate Corporation in April
1993. The investment didn't become public until several months later.

The investment rankles Philip Hochstein, executive vice-president of the
Independent Contractors and Businesses Association, because VLC expressly
discriminates against non-union labor.

"Any time the government discriminates against my membership, we have a problem
with that," he said. "VLC was a small player but now that it has the waterfront
project, then it's a different story."

Wazny admits VLC's social purpose has become "kind of vague."

"We are still concentrating on middle-income residential property but we will
take on anything which will provide significant economic benefits to our
shareholders, just like Intrawest or Trizec."


LOAD-DATE: February 26, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1994 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             632 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                     March 27, 2002 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

ANTI-AFFORDABLE HOUSING FLIER BLASTED

BYLINE: LINDA DAVIS, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 541 words

DATELINE: TASSAJARA VALLEY


TASSAJARA VALLEY -- A flier opposing affordable housing planned for the proposed
Alamo Creek development has drawn the ire of the NAACP.

The anonymous flier was circulated during the year-long public hearings over the
project, and made its way this week to West and East County residents who took
offense to its wording, said NAACP East County vice-president Darnell Turner.

The flier calls Alamo Creek an abomination that will pollute community values
and schools. It says, "Tenants have no commitment to Danville beyond a month's
rent" and that government social planning for low- and moderate-income housing
is just a "code word for spread the s-- around." The flier suggests sending
"West-end county commissioners out of town on a rail."

In January, the 1,300-plus-unit proposed housing development east of Danville
was approved by the county planning commission (but denied by the San Ramon
Valley Regional planning commission). Both panels heard more than a year's worth
of testimony both for and against the project.

Turner questions the motivation behind the flier and the timing of its
re-circulation shortly before the project will be reviewed by the county Board
of Supervisors. He believes the flier takes unfair aim at lower-income groups
from another region, insinuating it would draw undesirables from other areas.

"I abhor what you have told me about the flier," Danville Mayor Dick Waldo said
Tuesday. "This angers the heck out of me.

"There are well-educated poor people who live in any community and who don't
have another person to help them."

Cecily Talbert, builder Shapell's land-use attorney, said more than 20 percent
of the proposed units would be set aside at below-market rates. The county asked
Shapell to amend its proposal to include more affordable housing to meet a
growing countywide need. Shapell would build 120 affordable senior units, 90
moderately priced townhouses and 95 multi-family rental units, Talbert said.
Shapell would build a school, soccer fields, road improvements and other
amenities into the project, which will be reviewed in April or May by the county
Board of Supervisors.

Mark Goldberg, manager of the Blackhawk Homeowners Association, said his group
is opposed to the massive clustering of units, traffic and other issues, but not
affordable housing per se.

"A lot of public servants like police, firefighters and teachers, plus senior
citizens, can't afford to live here," Goldberg said. "It's been a fact of life
for years; I'm amazed that people find it so shocking. Affordable doesn't mean
dirt cheap."

Len Battaglia, the West County representative on the county planning commission
that approved the project, said he was not swayed by the exclusionist
literature, but it rubbed him the wrong way.

Contra Costa Supervisor Donna Gerber, who, with Danville, opposes the scope and
impact of the project, called recirculation of the flier a desperate ploy by
parties unknown to play a race or a class card because the project does not
stand on its merits.

Turner said his group will review the flier further before taking any action.
"If it was truly a racist motivation, we will be on top of it."

Reach Linda Davis at 925-743-2218 or ldavis@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2002 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             633 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           February 14, 2013 Thursday

Helping people find and stay in their homes;
IDEAS PEOPLE: LORI DISTAOLA

SECTION: IDEAS & VOICES; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 1116 words


Lorie DiStaola, executive director of Neighborhood Housing Services of Hamilton,
says people often mistake her organization for a Section 8 agency.

Neighborhood Housing Services of Hamilton Inc. is a member of the national
NeighborWorks America network and a HUD-certified nonprofit organization that
serves working households in Butler, Montgomery and Warren counties, including
the cities of Kettering, Hamilton, Middletown and Oxford. NHSH provides services
for existing homeowners and for prospective first-time homebuyers. Its executive
director, Lorie DiStaola, who has been with NHSH for nearly 17 years of its 20
years of existence, recently agreed to answer a few questions from our Ideas &
Voices team.

Q: Are there estimates on the number of families touched in some fashion by NHSH
each year? Is that the most satisfying part of the job?

A: Over the past two years, NHSH has helped 157 working individuals and families
become first-time homebuyers and has successfully helped 88 people in all kinds
of circumstances avoid foreclosure. Through its partnerships, NHSH has built and
sold seven new single-family homes, acquired, rehabbed and sold six
single-family homes, and constructed 10 new affordable rental units for working
individuals and families.

Housing can be much more than merely providing a home to an individual or
family. It's obtaining the "American dream." It's the biggest asset the majority
of our clients will ever own. It's peace, security and stability. It's where a
family begins and grows. It's where memories are made. So the answer to your
questions is, yes, helping individuals and families successfully obtain and
maintain home-ownership is the most satisfying part of my job.

Q: How has NHSH made a difference over the last 20 years?

A: NHSH has newly constructed and/or acquired and rehabbed 87 single-family
homes and 10 multi-family units for working families throughout Butler and
Montgomery counties.

NHSH has always stayed true to its original mission to provide housing
opportunities to working individuals and families. During its 20 years, NHSH has
closed 2,178 loans and provided $132,407,781 in permanent financing to
first-time homebuyers throughout Butler County.

Q: Is this a good time to be buying a home?

A: Yes, it is a good time to be buying a home because interest rates are at an
all-time low, home prices are lower, and the availability of down-payment
assistance. NHSH provides down-payment and closing-cost assistance to qualified
clients.

Q: Are you seeing signs that the local economy is improving?

A: Yes, we are seeing more clients applying for mortgage loans and purchasing
homes. We also have seen a slight decrease in clients seeking our
foreclosure-prevention services.

Q: Talk about how the economic recession impacted NHSH.

A: With a soft housing market, each successful loan is absorbing more staff time
and taking longer to close. Slow housing sales have affected loan production.
Older cities have aging housing stock, whose owners have not always been able to
maintain them in good condition. As a result, the cost of renovations sometimes
places the value of the rehabbed home outside the price range of other
comparable sales in the community. Unless houses are priced competitively, they
can remain on the market for a long time.

Q: What was the biggest factor in so many people losing their homes?

A: The first wave of foreclosures was due to creative financing and
adjustable-rate mortgages resetting. The second wave of foreclosures (and the
most current factor) is due to unemployment, underemployment, and extenuating
circumstances - medical issues, divorce, loss of spouse, etc.

Q: Are there NHSH programs that you think are under-utilized, perhaps because
the public isn't aware of them?

A: Yes, we have several programs that the public really isn't aware of. Our
down-payment assistance is especially underutilized. Most of our customers are
by word of mouth; however, we do have a website (www.butlercountynhs.org), and
run a commercial through Time Warner Cable for our foreclosure-prevention
program. Many people think that our building is the Section 8 office when really
we are a one-stop shop for home ownership, as well as a developer of affordable
housing.

Q: How has NHSH changed over the last two decades?

A: When we opened our doors in 1992, NHSH had one employee and one program, and
we only provided our one program to a small, targeted area in Hamilton. We
currently have eight employees, 10 programs and provide services to Butler,
Montgomery and Warren counties.

When we first started, NHSH had five partners. Over the past two decades, we
have developed 24 partnerships with various governments/jurisdictions,
foundations, nonprofits, for-profits, etc.

Q: Discuss the challenges facing NHSH in the coming decade.

A: I'm concerned about budget cuts. In particular, I'm concerned about budget
cuts to HUD's HOME program. This program provides funds to ensure safe, decent
and affordable housing. Even though the housing market has seen its ups and
downs, everyone needs a safe, decent and affordable place that they can call
home.

I was glad to see the requirements to obtain a mortgage loan were tightened. A
new homeowner needs to be knowledgeable about the house they are buying, the
loan product they are getting, and how to successfully maintain their finances
to keep their home. I hope that we never go back to the day where anyone can get
a loan just because they want one (regardless if they really qualify or not) or
setting up clients for failure by providing them loan products that rip them
off, or make it possible for them to purchase a house they really can't afford
in the long run. It should be a lesson learned and not repeated!

Q: What's your organization's greatest need? How can people help?

A: Wow, this is a hard one to answer because of the difficult economic times we
are faced with. NHSH would like to have more lending partners - banks, credit
unions, investors, etc. - that believe in our mission and are willing to work
with us and our clientele. NHSH needs help with marketing - trying to get the
word out about our programs and services. Being a nonprofit organization, we
really do not have the luxury of having a marketing budget. We are constantly
being told by our clients that they didn't know we existed until they heard
about us from a previous client.

Last but not least - we need resources. Unfortunately there are a lot of great
nonprofit organizations with worthy causes that are competing for the same
source of funds. It's getting harder and harder for nonprofit organizations to
keep their doors open and continue to provide the same level of service with a
shrinking budget.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             634 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                       July 13, 2015 Monday 10:40 PM  EST

FACT SHEET: USDA SUPPORT FOR OLDER AMERICANS

LENGTH: 2277 words


WASHINGTON, July 13 -- The U.S. Department of Agriculture issued the following
press release:

USDA is committed to improving the health and wellbeing of older adults,
ensuring that all older Americans have access to healthy food, and that older
adults in rural America have access to housing. Low-income older Americans
continue to be an underserved and vulnerable population, due in part to
administrative complexities associated with participating in federal assistance
programs. USDA is working with state and federal partners to reduce
participation barriers and increase access for seniors.

Nutrition Assistance: Seniors represent a particularly vulnerable demographic to
food insecurity, with unique health, social, and nutrition challenges that can
include decreased mobility, limited shopping and cooking ability, and health
challenges related to food insecurity. USDA works to positively impact the
nutritional and health outcomes of these low-income seniors through seven
nutrition assistance programs that are available support the health and
nutrition of older Americans. Three of USDA's nutrition assistance programs are
exclusively for seniors; the Commodity Supplemental Food Program, the Senior
Farmers Market Nutrition Program, and the Nutrition Services Incentive Program
which is run in partnership with the Department of Health and Human Services
Administration for Community Living.

The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program serves more than 4 million
seniors. Only 42 percent of eligible elderly individuals participate in SNAP,
compared to 83 percent for all eligible people. USDA has worked to decrease
participation barriers for older Americans by simplifying the application and
recertification processes and providing additional accommodations for elderly
and disabled participants.

* Access to Purchase and Delivery Services: In July of 2015, USDA issued a
proposed rule that would allow homebound, older Americans and disabled persons
to use their SNAP benefits to purchase groceries through purchase and delivery
services run by government agencies and non-profit organizations. This will
provide greater access to healthy food for those who cannot get to the grocery
store.

* Fiscal Year (FY) 2016 Budget Proposal: USDA's Food and Nutrition Service FY
2016 budget proposal would authorize a state option to reduce the administrative
and application burden in SNAP for low-income elderly households with no earned
income by extending the certification period to 36-months with no annual interim
contact, and allowing data matching for verification of information.

* Pilots to Better Serve Older Americans: In 2009, USDA launched pilot projects
in three states (Michigan, Ohio, and Pennsylvania) to test strategies in
selected communities to increase access for low-income elderly people. The
projects included simplified application processes that streamlined requirements
for documenting income and expenses, and provided application assistance
directly to clients. Two of the three projects successfully increased access to
SNAP.

* Increased Access to Fruits and Vegetables: In April, 2015, USDA awarded $31.5
million in funding to local, state, and national organizations to support
programs that help SNAP participants increase their purchase of fruits and
vegetables. The AARP Foundation was awarded $3.3 million as part of this effort
to implement and develop replicable incentive programs for SNAP shoppers to
purchase more fresh produce from farmers markets and Kroger grocery stores in
Mississippi and Tennessee.

* Established Recertification Interview Waiver: The elderly and disabled
recertification interview waiver allows the state to waive the recertification
interview for households in which all adult members are elderly or disabled and
have no earned income. This waiver was established in 2009 and since that time
has been implemented in 11 states: California, Connecticut, Kansas, Louisiana,
Massachusetts, Nebraska, New Jersey, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, and
Texas.

* Expanded Elderly Simplified Application Projects (ESAPs): ESAPs are
demonstration projects that support participation among the elderly and disabled
population by waiving the interview requirement, utilizing a shorter SNAP
application, and allowing longer certification periods. Since 2009, projects in
Alabama, Florida, and South Carolina have been renewed. New projects began in
Georgia, Mississippi, and Washington.

* Expanded Longer Certification Periods for the Elderly and Disabled: Current
legislation establishes 24 months as the maximum certification period for
elderly and/or disabled households. Through its demonstration authority, FNS
waived this section of the Act for Texas (initial request extended in 2010) and
Arkansas (2011) allowing them to provide 36 month certification periods for
households with only elderly or disabled members. These projects also waive the
recertification interview requirement for participating households.

* Expanded Standard Medical Deduction Projects: Standard Medical Deduction
demonstration projects ease verification requirements for senior and disabled
households with out-of-pocket medical expenses over $35 per month. Since 2009,
FNS has approved renewals or projects in Iowa, Massachusetts, New Hampshire,
South Dakota, Texas, Vermont, and Wyoming. New projects were approved and
implemented in Alabama, Arkansas, Idaho, Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, North
Dakota, Rhode Island, and Virginia. A project in South Carolina has been
approved and will be implemented October 1, 2015.

* Renewed Combined Application Projects: Federal law requires that certain
applicants for or recipients of SSI must be given the opportunity to file a SNAP
application at the SSA office when applying for SSI. CAPs make it easier for SSI
recipients to receive SNAP. CAPs in 17 states have been reauthorized since 2009:
Arizona, Florida, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan,
Mississippi, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South Carolina,
South Dakota, Texas, Virginia, and Washington.

More than 120,000 adults receive meals and snacks each day as part of the Child
and Adult Care Food Program. In January, USDA issued a proposed rule to update
the meal standards to provide more nutritious food for this population.

* Under the cost neutral proposed meal patterns, meals served in nearly 3,000
adults day care centers would include a greater variety of fruits and
vegetables, more whole grains, and less sugar and fat.

* The science-based standards were developed after consultation with the
National Adult Day Services Association, the National Council on Aging, the HHS
Administration on Aging, and the Florida Adult Care Food Programs.

Over 600,000 older Americans receive nutritious USDA Food packages through the
Commodity Supplemental Food Program. CSFP is designed to supplement the diets of
low-income seniors age 60 years and older.

* In fiscal year 2015, CSFP received an appropriation of $211.5 million through
the Farm Bill to support a national caseload of 604,000 participants, including
slots for an additional 16,000 participants in seven new states, including
Connecticut, Florida, Hawaii, Idaho, Maryland, Massachusetts, and Rhode Island.

* The program is now available in 46 states, two Indian reservations, and the
District of Columbia.

At least 800,000 older Americans in 43 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto
Rico and seven Tribal nations are currently served by the Senior Farmers Market
Nutrition Program, which provides fresh, nutritious, locally grown fruits and
vegetables, as well as herbs and honey from farmers markets, roadside farm
stands, and community supported agriculture (CSA) programs.

* In FY2014, the program provided over $20.58 million in assistance to elderly
Americans.

* In partnership with other local organizations, the program provides nutrition
education to encourage recipients to improve and expand their diets by adding
fresh fruits and vegetables, as well as educate them on how to select, store and
prepare the fresh fruits and vegetables they buy with their SFMNP coupons.

Rural Development: USDA Rural Development provides loans, grants and technical
assistance to develop housing, community facilities, businesses, infrastructure,
and renewable energy ventures in rural areas. USDA Rural Development also
partners with private sector lenders and development organizations to carry out
local community development projects.

Rural Development's more than 40 financial assistance programs, in addition to
its ability to leverage private sector resources, give USDA the flexibility to
invest in a wide range of projects that are reinvigorating rural communities.
With a total portfolio of more than $200 billion and investments upwards of $28
billion in 2014 alone, Rural Development is making lasting investments in rural
communities to provide essential services.

Single-Family Housing Investments for Seniors

* USDA Rural Development's Rural Housing Service provides safe, decent,
affordable homeownership opportunities for families, the elderly, people with
disabilities, and veterans in rural America through its suite of single-family
housing direct loans and guaranteed loans.

In Fiscal Year 2014, through the Rural Housing Service's Single-Family Housing
Repair Program, the agency provided more than $28.2 million in grants to help
4,670 very low-income, elderly rural residents remove health and safety hazards
from their homes. The agency also provided about 1,190 combination direct loan
and grant awards in 2014 through its single-family housing repair program. More
than 98 percent of these combination awards were made to senior citizens, and
the age of the average recipient was 72 years old.

* For example, USDA provided Leon Boucher and his wife Priscille with a $7,500
Single-Family Housing Repair Grant for a new roof. The Bouchers have lived in
their Berlin, N.H. family home for 47 years. Over time, their home fell into
disrepair but, as senior citizens on a fixed income, they didn't have the
resources for repairs. The grant from USDA was the beginning of an outpouring of
assistance for these seniors: USDA connected the Bouchers with local providers
and businesses which helped the couple install insulation in the home, update
the wiring, rebuild the front and back porch, put on new paint, and even plant a
vegetable garden on the property.

Multi-Family Housing Investments for Seniors

The Rural Housing Service has more than 5,000 existing multi-family housing
complexes in its portfolio for senior citizens living in rural areas. These
complexes are providing elderly residents with more than 146,400 safe,
affordable apartments. In 2014 alone, the Rural Housing Service invested more
than $33 million into 33 rental housing complexes for senior citizens.

* USDA Rural Development partnered with the Federal Home Loan Bank of Topeka to
provide a $705,000 Guaranteed Rural Rental Housing loan for East Ward Village
Apartments, a multi-family housing complex for seniors and disabled individuals
in McCook, Neb. Low-income housing tax credits, city funds, and equity from the
McCook Housing Authority also supported the project. A former elementary school
was converted into 15 apartments and 6 new duplexes. Today, this new complex is
100-percent occupied and residents are enjoying their new, safe affordable
apartments.

Community Investments for Seniors

* The Rural Housing Service's Community Facilities direct loans, guaranteed
loans, and grants finance essential facilities in rural areas. Priority for
funding is given for health care, education and public safety projects.
Community Facilities assistance supports hospitals, health care clinics,
schools, police and fire stations, food banks, community centers and many other
community based initiatives. From FY 2009 through FY 2014, through the Community
Facilities Program, USDA has invested more than $329.4 million in 71 rural
nursing homes, and $274.9 million for 72 rural assisted living facilities.

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has made access to quality health care for
rural Americans a top priority at USDA. Through the Rural Housing Service
Community Facilities program, the agency helped provide health care services for
nearly 4 million rural residents in FY 2014 in facilities ranging from mental
health clinics to hospitals. In 2014, the Rural Housing Service invested more
than $176 million in 33 assisted living and nursing home facilities through the
Community Facilities program.

* USDA Rural Development helped the Hancock County Senior Services Association
build Maple Grove Apartments, a "memory care" facility in Carthage, Ill., to
serve patients with dementia or other cognitive issues. Rural Development
provided a $1 million Rural Economic Development loan, a $300,000 Rural Economic
Development grant and a $2.2 million Community Facilities loan to help complete
the project. Maple Grove uses a "small house" design, a new concept in assisted
living to make facilities more home-like and family-oriented. Maple Grove
provides a safe environment for seniors whose cognitive issues could make them
vulnerable in a larger, institutional venue. Also, small home care is less
expensive than traditional nursing home care. Maple Grove residents Connie and
Harold Becker have been married for almost 40 years. She has ALS (Amyotrophic
Lateral Sclerosis) and he has progressive dementia, but they are able to stay
together as a couple thanks to the USDA funding for this innovative complex. For
any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             635 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 30, 2016 Tuesday

Louisiana: Registration Details Released for Shelter at Home Program

LENGTH: 784  words

DATELINE: New York



 Baton Rouge: Office of the Governor, The state of Louisiana has issued the
following news release:



 Gov. John Bel Edwards released registration information for the Shelter at Home
Program, a new program that will allow Louisiana residents whose homes flooded
to shelter at their own home while they continue to rebuild, rather than
relocating to a shelter, hotel or rental property.





 Beginning at 7 a.m. today, residents who are eligible for the program should
register using one of the following methods:



     By phone: 1-800-927-0216

     Online: shelterathome.la.gov



 The Shelter at Home Program evaluates each applicant's home and, if up to
$15,000 of work in that home can create a safe, secure, habitable place for the
family to live while they continue their permanent home rebuilding, then that
applicant may be eligible for this program. This program is not designed to
fully repair the applicant's home.



 To be eligible, the property must be single-family and owner-occupied and have
up to $15,000 in repairs that will allow residents to quickly and safely shelter
in their own home. Only properties that meet these criteria are eligible to
participate in the program.



 Anyone in this program must apply individually (separately from registering
with FEMA or SBA or filing a flood insurance claim with NFIP). Applications
should be made to the website or phone number listed above.



 Shelter at Home teams will complete tasks such as:



     Taking temporary actions to weatherproof the home and prevent water
intrusion; repairs could be temporary patches

     Patching (minor and quick repairs), door hardware replacement, and
replacement/repair of door jambs and headers as necessary for secure entry and
exit

     Securing broken windows with minor carpentry or hardware repairs

     Repairing damaged front stairs or porches to allow safe entrance and exit

     Ensuring that plumbing is connected to a sanitary sewer or approved
sewerage disposal system

     Ensuring that potable water is available and operational

     Inspection and testing of electrical, HVAC, and plumbing systems to ensure
they are in safe working order

     Removing drywall, insulation and other water-absorbing wall coverings
(excluding fire-rated walls) damaged by flooding

     Removing flood-damaged water-absorbing flooring material including carpet,
carpet padding, and other materials.

     Removing debris to the street right-of-way

     Cleaning and sanitizing exposed floor and wall surfaces where flooring or
wall coverings were removed

     Ensuring there is one (1) temporary working bathroom in the home, which
could include cleaning or fixing a bathtub/shower, toilet and sink

     Maintaining heating and minimum air conditioning for comfort

     Repairing or replacing damaged water heaters

     Inspecting and repairing natural gas lines if necessary

     Testing and repairing or replacing/installing smoke and carbon monoxide
detectors

     Providing mini-refrigerators and microwaves as necessary (The total
appliance allowance will be $500 where needed.)



 Additional information on the Shelter at Home Program is available by clicking
here.



 If a homeowner is not eligible for the Shelter at Home Program, there are other
options available, including the:



     Manufactured Housing Units (MHUs) program: FEMA will provide mobile homes
for up to 18 months to eligible applicants. Unlike the old FEMA trailers, these
mobile homes are built according to U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development standards.

     Multi-Family Lease and Repair Program (MFLRP): In this program, FEMA
identifies larger scale rental property currently not on the market where the
property owner, with some financial assistance from FEMA, can make the property
ready to rent within two months. The property owner agrees to make these rentals
available to eligible FEMA applicants.

     Transitional Shelter Assistance (TSA): A temporary program for survivors
displaced from their primary residence that allows eligible disaster survivors
to select from a list of partner hotel rooms.





 Last week, the State of Louisiana issued a Request for Expressed Interest for
Project Managers for the Shelter at Home Program. Of the bids submitted, the
state selected AECOM to administer the program under guidelines recently
established by FEMA for eligible victims of the August 2016 Flood. AECOM will
develop policies and procedures, provide outreach and communication services,
receive and process program applications, determine applicant and dwelling
eligibility, and manage the contractors performing the SAH measures.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             636 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Justice Department Settles with Salt Lake City-Area Apartment
Complexes to Resolve Allegations of Discrimination Against Individuals with
Disabilities

LENGTH: 577  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 The Justice Department announced today that the owners and managers of four
multi-family apartment complexes in the Salt Lake City area have agreed to pay
$45,000 to settle a lawsuit alleging that they violated the Fair Housing Act by
discriminating against tenants and prospective tenants with disabilities.





 The lawsuit, filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Utah, alleges
that the defendants failed to provide reasonable accommodations for certain
tenants with disabilities who sought to live with their assistance animals.  The
department's complaint alleges, among other things, that the defendants - the
property management company NALS Apartment Homes; the owners of Pinnacle
Highland Apartments, Cobble Creek Apartments and Sky Harbor Apartments; and the
former owners of Thornhill Park Apartments - required tenants with disabilities
who sought to live with an assistance animal to have a healthcare provider
complete a "prescription form" suggesting that the healthcare provider may be
held responsible for any property damage or physical injury that the assistance
animal may cause.  The defendants did not require tenants without disabilities
who had pets to have a third party assume liability for their animals.



 The lawsuit arose as a result of complaints by both former tenants and Utah's
Disability Law Center (DLC) filed with the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development.  DLC, a non-profit organization that works to promote equal housing
opportunities in the Salt Lake City metropolitan area, sent testers posing as
prospective renters to the defendants' apartment buildings to determine whether
they were engaging in discriminatory practices in violation of the Fair Housing
Act.



 "The Fair Housing Act requires landlords to make accommodations for individuals
with disabilities who require assistance animals in their homes," said Principal
Deputy Assistant Attorney General Vanita Gupta, head of the Justice Department's
Civil Rights Division.  "The Justice Department remains deeply committed to
protecting the rights of persons with disabilities and holding accountable
housing providers who utilize discriminatory policies."



 "This office will not tolerate business practices that deprive those with
disabilities their rights to housing accommodations required under the law,"
said U.S. Attorney John W. Huber of the District of Utah.  "We will vigorously
pursue those who fail to comply with these standards."



 Under the terms of the consent order, which must still be approved by the
court, the defendants are required to pay $20,000 to a former tenant and her
seven-year-old son with autism who were denied permission to keep the child's
assistance animal after the child's doctor refused to assume liability for any
possible damages caused by the animal.  The defendants are also required to pay
$25,000 to establish a settlement fund to compensate any additional individuals
who were harmed by their conduct.  The settlement also prohibits the defendants
from engaging in future discrimination and requires them to establish a
non-discriminatory reasonable accommodation policy, use non-discriminatory
reasonable accommodation application forms and have the relevant employees
participate in fair-housing training.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             637 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                   Copyright (c) 1991 Mississippi Law Journal
                            Mississippi Law Journal

                                  Winter, 1991

                               61 Miss. L.J. 509

LENGTH: 8430 words

HOUSING LAW SYMPOSIUM: Current Housing Conditions in Mississippi

NAME: Jennifer Parkinson and Pamela Gunter and Joey Warwick

TEXT:
 [*509]  INTRODUCTION


     Karen and Jay were married in 1988. After Karen gave birth to their
     daughter, she and Jay decided to buy a house. The couple had been
     renting a trailer. Both Karen and Jay work full time; however, the
     everyday expenses of life -- and the cost of a new baby -- did not
     leave them with extra money to put into savings for a down payment on
     a house.
     In 1989, Karen and Jay applied for a government-subsidized home in the
     small town of Oxford, Mississippi. Their combined income and the fact
     that they had a child qualified them for assistance. Their application
     remained dormant, however, for two years before they were interviewed
     for the loan. By this time, Jay had received a raise which placed
     their income slightly over the maximum allowed for a government loan
     to purchase a house. Karen and Jay were denied the loan, and their
     hopes of purchasing a house were gone.
     Karen works as a legal secretary and earns $ 950.00 per month. Jay, a
     welder, earns $ 8.00 an hour. Both wanted to stop paying rent and
     purchase their own house. Both also realized, however, that with their
     combined salaries it would take years to save what would be required
     for a minimum down payment. As an alternative, Karen and Jay purchased
     a trailer, which they placed on Karen's parents' property. With their
     current occupations and the housing market as it is, Karen and Jay
     will probably never be able to realize the "American Dream" and own
     their own home.

   Over a half century ago Congress optimistically stated its intent that every
American should have access to safe, decent, and affordable housing.  n1 During
the past decade, however, the  [*510]  United States has experienced housing
trends which marked a decline in the living conditions for many American
families and which indicate even more serious housing problems on the horizon.
The first of these trends was a decline in home ownership.  n2 For each year
from 1980 to 1987, the percentage of Americans who could afford to purchase
their own home decreased.  n3 Furthermore, the number of America's homeless
increased by dramatic numbers.  n4 The nation's rental housing also, declined in
quality, availability, and affordability to the point that over half of the
nation's tenants live in units the government classifies as inadequate or
overcrowded.  n5 Fourth, the nation's poor faced a crisis in seeking available
affordable housing, and finally, there was a general decline in the quality of
the country's existing housing, placing more and more families in inadequate
units.  n6

   The nation's housing problems are reflected in a study by the Harvard Joint
Center for Housing Studies which states that "America is increasingly becoming a
nation of housing haves and have-nots. While the majority of American homeowners
are well housed and have significant equity in their homes, the prosperity of
these homeowners does not reflect the plight of the nation's growing number of
low and moderate income households."  n7

   Mississippi's low and moderate income families face many of the same problems
which plague the country as a whole. Over twelve percent of the state's
owner-occupied homes in 1980 were "overcrowded, lacked full bathrooms, or were
of low value."  n8 In some rural areas twenty percent of these units were
substandard  [*511]  and in need of major repairs.  n9 These numbers are
dramatically increased for poverty-level owner-occupied units. According to 1980
census figures, 197,000 Mississippi households, or about one-fourth of the
state's households, earned incomes below the poverty level.  n10 While over half
of these households owned their own homes, close to twenty percent of these
homes were overcrowded or in need of additional plumbing.  n11 The U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) estimates in 1990 indicate
that almost 70,000 renter households were in need of rental assistance.  n12
Regardless of what type of housing is being sought by Mississippi citizens, the
largest single factor making it difficult for them to find affordable housing is
low household incomes.  n13

   Affordability has become the largest housing problem for American families.
While government spending on housing has grown tremendously in the last twenty
years,  n14 a very small percentage of those low income households which are
eligible for benefits have participated in government programs.  n15 In fact,
according to governmental poverty definitions, only twenty-eight percent of the
country's 7.5 million poverty level rental households lived in some form of
federally subsidized rental housing in 1987.  n16

   For the past two decades, Congress has attempted to improve the country's
housing conditions primarily in two basic ways: direct spending programs and
indirect assistance.  n17 One  [*512]  innovative form of indirect assistance is
the low-income housing tax credit which was created by the Tax Reform Act of
1986.  n18 It was intended to increase the production of new low-income housing
and promote the rehabilitation of existing low-income housing through tax
incentives.  n19 Many sources indicate the critical need for low-income housing
and predict that the future demand will exceed the available supply by a
tremendous amount of units if something is not done to remedy the situation.
n20 While the low-income tax credit has been effective in producing low-income
housing units recently, its continued use along with other programs which
produce affordable housing is necessary to improve the housing conditions of the
poor and assure that they have a place to live.  n21

   MISSISSIPPI'S HOUSING STATISTICS

   In 1987, sixty-three percent of all households below the poverty level were
living in rental housing.  n22 The median income for all renters in 1986 was $
15,300, only half the median income of homeowners, and the number of renter
households with incomes under $ 5,000 grew from 2.7 million in 1974 to 4.7
million in 1987.  n23 Between 1970 and 1983, median rents increased at about
twice the rate of median incomes.  n24 In 1975, the number of low-income renter
households that paid more than fifty percent of income for rent was 3.7 million;
by 1983, the number had increased to 6.3 million, or half of all low-income
renters.  n25

[*513]

   In 1990, Mississippi had 911,374 occupied housing units, 259,787 of which
were occupied by renters.  n26 With over twenty-eight percent of its citizens
renting, the state falls significantly below the national renter-occupied
percentage of thirty-five.  n27 The nationwide median price for each rental unit
was $ 374, while Mississippi's was $ 215.  n28 Furthermore, each housing unit
within the country houses 2.63 persons per household, while Mississippi is
slightly higher at 2.75 persons per household.  n29

   In 1980, rental housing comprised thirty percent of all occupied units;
however, they comprised fifty percent of the state's housing units which lacked
a full bathroom or which were considered overcrowded.  n30 Additionally,
forty-five percent of the state's rental housing units had specific
characteristics indicating the possibility of substandard conditions, while only
twelve percent of the owner-occupied housing units in the state contained the
same characteristics.  n31

   Further evidence that Mississippi's rental housing is in poorer condition
than owner-occupied housing can be seen from examining the conditions available
to poverty-level renter house-holds, of which thirty-five percent lacked full
plumbing or were overcrowded.  n32 This rate of inadequate housing is just under
triple that of the rest of the state.  n33


     Heddie Bell lives in a house which, in 1987, was condemned by health
     officials. The house has no running water, no plumbing; a water
     hydrant is located on the front porch, and a weathered outhouse serves
     as the bathroom The walls of the house are stone, the cement roof is
     flat, and the few windows are covered with plastic. The porch is
     without support and  [*514]  bends under a person's weight; the floor
     inside the house is not much sturdier. Heddie Bell has applied for
     several positions as a maid, but all local motels require their
     personnel be able to read and write; she is illiterate. Heddie Bell
     has lived in this house for years, and has done her best to make the
     house livable. She has hung wallpaper and pictures on the wall and for
     Christmas put up a tree with old decorations. But the floor still sags
     beneath her when she walks, the flat roof sags because of years of
     rain, and wind still chills the house because of the holes in the
     walls.
     A short distance down the road, Hester lives with her three young
     children in a house almost identical to Heddie Bell's. On cold days
     and nights, Hester and her children must gather in the center of the
     main room around a wood-burning stove -- their only source of heat.
     The front door to the house is no longer able to be used, so a thick
     sheet of plastic covers the entrance. Even on a sunny winter
     afternoon, the children must wear jackets inside to stay warm. The one
     light in the center of the main room barely lights the house, and
     Hester has hung almost anything -- a calendar from years ago, a large
     pictureless picture frame -- to cover the holes in the walls.
     Heddie Bell and Hester live in the Mississippi Delta in an area known
     as "McLemore Alley." When Jessie Jackson spoke of Tunica County as
     "Ethiopia in Mississippi," national attention focused on the Delta
     and, in particular, a community called "Sugar Ditch." While efforts
     were made to improve the living conditions of the residents of Sugar
     Ditch, there remained untold number of similar communities spread
     throughout the Delta. McLemore Alley is an example.
     Walls, Mississippi, is a small Delta town in DeSoto County. The
     fertile land of Walls, which was originally part of the Mississippi
     River until the river changed course, is farmed by a few large
     landowners. One such large plantation was owned by Joe Sanders. In the
     1930s and 1940s, Sanders had many people working for him in his
     fields. For these workers and their families, Sanders built homes on
     the outskirts of his property; rent was deducted from the workers'
     paychecks. The small stone houses lined the street and created a small
     community. The community on Sanders's plantation in Walls was called
     "McLemore Alley."
     In the late 1970s, Sanders sold his property to D.C. Flowers and
     Richard Parker. At the same time, technological advances  [*515]
     meant fewer and fewer workers were needed on the plantation. While
     families continued to live in the houses originally built for
     Sanders's workers, the condition of the houses deteriorated. In
     addition, few of the remaining tenants actually worked for the
     landowners. In 1987, a complaint of open sewage was filed with the
     local health department, and McLemore Alley was subsequently
     condemned. At this time, Flowers and Parker were given a choice. They
     could repair the houses and continue to rent them to the tenants, or
     they could evict the tenants and tear down the houses; they chose the
     latter.
     What appeared to be the simple solution turned out to be anything but.
     When Flowers and Parker served the tenants with eviction notices, the
     tenants simply ignored them and refused to leave their homes. Because
     they had not improved the condition of the houses, Flowers and Parker
     could no longer charge rent. Thus began the dilemma. The tenants did
     not want to leave their homes, for many of them the only home they had
     ever known. The owners -- successful farmers form Tunica county --
     were not interested in becoming landlords and simply wished to do away
     with the houses.
     Around this same time, the Mississippi Home Corporation (MHC), a state
     agency, became involved with the problem of the residents of McLemore
     Alley. The MHC persuaded the local officials and landowners to allow
     it time to pursue a Farmers' Home Administration Grant. The grant
     would have provided for three forty-unit dwellings to be built where
     McLemore Alley is now located. The problem: This property was zoned
     agricultural. What ensued was a struggle to have the property
     re-zoned. Proponents of the re-zoning had to go before the county
     planning commission three times and the board of supervisors twice
     before the four acres were re-zoned residential. After the re-zoning
     was approved by the board of supervisors, white residents sued to stop
     the re-zoning. After months of consideration, a local judge ruled the
     re-zoning was proper.
     For the next two years the residents of McLemore Alley waited and
     wondered. In 1989, the health department again received complaints and
     the landowners were once again told to evict the tenants. It was then
     discovered that the MHC had encountered difficulty in getting a sewage
     system approved for the project; the Farmers' Home Administration
     Grant fell through. However, the MHC then began working with
     Mississippi  [*516]  Action for Community Education (MACE). The plan
     with MACE was to buy twenty acres from Flowers and Parker and build
     thirty single-dwelling houses for working residents. At the present
     time, the land has been sold for $ 150,000, $ 100,000 of which was
     donated by the Sacred Heart Southern Missions. But two obstacles
     remain: a sewage system has to be approved and the current residents
     have to be relocated while construction is underway.
     Local authorities are working with MACE to approve a plan for sewage.
     The relocation of the present tenants of McLemore Alley could serve as
     a model for future efforts of this kind. Fifteen trailers have been
     donated for this project. The current residents whose houses will be
     torn down will live in these trailers for one year while the new units
     are being constructed. After the new homes are completed, working
     individuals will be moved in. The trailers will then be moved to
     another location for a similar project.
     The story of McLemore Alley is far from unique. Throughout the Delta
     such vestiges of the Great Depression remain. Many landowners have
     already destroyed such homes on their property. Some burn them, while
     others simply bulldoze them and damage them just enough to make it
     impossible for a person to live there. Many of the older people who
     live in these houses were born there. For the most part, they are
     illiterate and poor and survive on food stamps and welfare checks.
     And, for the most part, they have been ignored for decades. But now
     progress has caught up with then, and government agencies, religious
     organizations, and individuals are trying to improve their living
     conditions.

   Certain areas of the state are in worse condition than others. Of all the
poverty-level rental units in the state which are inadequate because of a lack
of plumbing, over eighty percent are located in rural areas of the state and in
towns containing fewer than 2,500 people.  n34 The Mississippi Delta counties
n35 face special housing problems as compared to the rest of the  [*517]  state.
n36 Of these eleven Delta counties, not one has a median value owner-occupied
home equivalent to the state's median value of $ 45,600.  n37 The median value
rental unit in these counties is also significantly lower when compared to the
rest of the state.  n38 In addition, these eleven counties are all included
within the thirteen statewide counties where over ten percent of the occupied
units were overcrowded in 1990.  n39 Nine of the Delta counties also had median
family incomes of eighty percent or less than the statewide median family income
for 1991.  n40 Besides indicating that the Mississippi Delta is one of the
poorest sections of the state, these numbers also show the need for housing
assistance in this area as well as the need for policies aimed at eliminating
overcrowding and increasing household incomes.  n41

   According to 1990 estimates of HUD, rental assistance is needed by an
estimated 69,000 renter households in Mississippi. An additional 15,000
single-member elderly renter households were potentially in need of assistance
either because of the low quality of their housing or because of their low
incomes. The MHC further estimates that another 100,000 households of various
sizes could possibly qualify for governmental assistance and were in need of
assistance.  n42 As evidenced by these numbers, it is clear that the amounts
needed for rental assistance are greatly in excess of the resources available to
the state.  n43

   Compared to the condition of rental housing in Mississippi, owner-occupied
housing is slightly better. Seventy-one percent of occupied housing in
Mississippi was occupied by its owner in 1990.  n44 In 1980, twelve percent of
all owner-occupied housing  [*518]  was overcrowded, lacked full bathrooms, or
was of low value.  n45 Almost twenty percent of homeowner units lacked full
plumbing or had more than one person per room; sixty percent of all
poverty-level homeowner units that lacked full plumbing were located in towns of
more than 2,500.  n46 In 1980, of 197,000 Mississippi households earning incomes
below the poverty level,  n47 fifty-five percent of these households owned their
own homes.  n48 Mississippi's median family income for 1991 is estimated at $
25,600.  n49 In 1991, sixty-three percent of Mississippi's renter households
could not afford the 1990 median value home priced at $ 45,000.  n50 Almost
forty percent of owner households could not afford the 1990 median value home.
n51

   SPECIAL NEEDS POPULATIONS IN MISSISSIPPI

   There are several groups of people in Mississippi who have more particular
housing needs than the average citizen. These groups include the homeless, the
elderly, mentally and physically handicapped persons, and persons with Acquired
Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS).

A. Homeless Persons

   America's homeless have been a topic of increasing discussion in recent years
and provide the most obvious reason for changes in our national housing
policies. Many of the nation's homeless have mental and physical disabilities,
and many need job training or employment assistance.  n52 Estimates of the
number  [*519]  of homeless vary widely and range from the thousands to the
millions.  n53 Despite significant differences between various groups'
estimations, there is little doubt that the homeless population is quickly
increasing. The National Task Force has stated that "while there is honest
disagreement over the number of homeless Americans, we know that the homeless
population is growing."  n54 The critical level of the national problem is
illustrated by the fact that there are significantly more homeless persons than
there are available shelter facilities. In 1985, the House Committee on
Government Operations "judged the gap between the need and the capacity to
provide even the most basic shelter to be 'enormous' -- and rapidly increasing."
n55

   Recent efforts to determine who constitute the country's homeless provide
unstereotypical information. To a great extent, those becoming homeless today
are functioning, capable adults and families with children who have been forced
onto the streets because of economic conditions. "It is virtually undisputed
that the dearth of affordable housing is probably the major cause of
homelessness in America."  n56


     When Anne and her ex-husband, Kent, were married in 1985, they bought
     a three-bedroom house in a nice community in Gulfport, Mississippi.
     Anne, a paralegal, and Kent, a young attorney, were able to purchase
     the house and make monthly mortgage payments because of their combined
     incomes. When Anne and Kent divorced in 1989, neither of them could
     individually afford the house. With very little equity in the house,
     there was no chance to sell it and profit from it; instead, Kent
     decided to keep the house. He moved to another city in Mississippi,
     and now rents the house.
     Anne earned $ 250.00 a week when she divorced. At that time, there
     were several credit cards in her name, which she remained  [*520]
     obligated to pay. She also had purchased her own car, which had
     monthly notes of $ 300.00, and car insurance was $ 50.00 each month.
     After these few bills were paid, Anne's remaining income each month
     was $ 250.00. The house in which she had lived for four years was no
     longer available to her. Anne was faced with no other choice but to
     move back home with her parents.
     For two years, thirty-two year old Anne has lived in her parents' home
     -- the home in which she grew up. She has received periodic raises,
     but she still does not earn enough to allow her to move into her own
     small apartment. The thought of buying a house has never occurred to
     her. Anne is one of what is commonly referred to as the invisible
     homeless. While she does have a nice place to sleep at night and to
     keep her belongings, it is not "hers." If not for sympathetic
     relatives, Anne might very well be homeless.
     Anne's parents do not require rent from her. Anne does help out with
     groceries and with housekeeping, and she and her parents have a very
     close relationship. She is currently attending night school and
     pursuing a degree in education. With her current expenses and salary,
     however, Anne will not be able to move out of her parents' home and
     into her own home within the near future.

   Anne is one of Mississippi's invisible homeless, forced by the lack of
available affordable housing to move in with friends or relatives. These are
people and families who are vulnerable to homelessness at any given time. A
layoff, domestic argument, or a homeowner who simply gets tired of having the
extra burden could produce a homeless family. The New York Partnership for the
Homeless estimates there are "10 million doubled-up families nationally" while
other estimates vary from 4 to 14 million.  n57 Of twenty-nine cities surveyed
by the U.S. Conference of Mayors in May 1984, all reported that "the number of
families 'temporarily' living with friends or relatives had increased over the
previous year."  n58

   Mississippi attempted to count the state's homeless population for the first
time in 1987 and estimated there to be 2,300  [*521]  homeless in the state.
n59 In 1988, surveys were taken of homeless service providers throughout the
state; an estimated 30,000 people were being assisted by the State Department of
Human Services, and that number increased to over 35,000 in 1989.  n60 Two main
flaws are evident from these methods of estimation. The second statistic is
higher than the number of homeless; it records number of persons served and does
not adjust for repeated services to one person. However, the numbers do indicate
a dramatic increase in the number utilizing homeless services. Secondly, the
first estimate does not account for the state's "invisible" homeless which are
represented by the state's statistics on overcrowded housing units.  n61

   Mississippi now has three Community Action Agencies which provide services
other than shelter or overnight programs.  n62 There are twenty-two shelters for
abandoned, abused, and neglected homeless youth in Mississippi.  n63 Also, there
are fifteen domestic violence shelters in operation in Mississippi, the largest
handling seventy-seven persons per month.  n64 There are twenty shelters for
homeless individuals and families, but only fourteen of these provide overnight
shelter to family groups.  n65 Finally, there are thirty special needs
facilities providing alcohol and drug treatment service to persons who are
temporarily homeless because of their chemical dependency.  n66

B. Elderly Persons

   Another important special needs group in Mississippi is this state's elderly
citizens. Elderly citizens make up one-fourth of Mississippi's homeowners.  n67
Over 18,000 elderly occupied units, or nine percent of all elderly units in
Mississippi, lack complete  [*522]  plumbing.  n68 Over eighty percent of all
elderly occupied units without complete plumbing are located in rural areas or
small towns of fewer than 2,500 persons.  n69

   Elderly citizens face more complex problems with housing than do non-elderly
citizens. Along with substandard conditions, high costs of housing, and little
assistance from government, elderly citizens are also limited by fixed incomes,
high medical costs, and physical restrictions.  n70 Over 28,000 elderly
Mississippians qualify for HUD assisted elderly housing because their incomes
are low enough, and over eighty percent of these live in rural areas.  n71 The
MHC estimates that more than 26,000 one-and two-member elderly renter households
would potentially qualify for housing assistance because of low incomes.  n72

C. Mentally and Physically Handicapped Persons

   A third group of Mississippians with particular needs is the mentally and
physically handicapped persons. A 1990 national survey of states observed that "
housing programs for people with serious mental illness in Mississippi are among
the worst in the nation."  n73 In caring for the mentally handicapped, families,
board, and care homes provide most permanent housing.  n74 To provide shelter
for the mentally and physically handicapped persons, Mississippi provides "more
than 200 group home beds and a few dozen supervised or supported apartment
slots."  n75 More national attention has been given in recent years to the
problems of physically handicapped person, such as better access to buildings,
restroom design, elevator design, and public space access.  n76 Mississippi has
yet not identified the approximate number of physically handicapped persons who
need appropriate  [*523]  housing, but must do so in order better to serve the
needs of these citizens.  n77

D. Persons with AIDS

   The fourth identified special needs group in Mississippi is persons with
AIDS. There were 686 identified persons with AIDS in Mississippi in January of
1991.  n78 According to recent AIDS statistics, more than fifty percent of
people with AIDS live "in the central Mississippi Public Health District
surrounding Jackson, and in the Health District in the Gulf Coast, but every
health district has AIDS cases."  n79

   Individuals with AIDS have specialized problems with housing because of
rejection from relatives and because neighborhood groups frequently resist
having homes for AIDS victims built in their area.  n80 AIDS patients also have
a special need for medical care in addition to shelter, which makes their
housing problems even more challenging. Unfortunately, there are currently only
two group homes for AIDS patients, one in Jackson and one in Ocean Springs.  n81

   MISSISSIPPI'S HOUSING PRODUCTION NEEDS


     Lisa, a twenty-eight year old mother of two, used to be afraid to sit
     on the porch of her apartment after dark. Her nine year old son,
     Anthony, once found a medicine bottle in his backyard -- with twenty
     "rocks" of cocaine in it. Most of the parents of friends of Lisa's
     children were using drugs. Drug deals were made right outside her
     window, and shootings were common occurrences. Lisa and her two sons
     lived in a now-closed government housing project. They now live in
     C.B. Webb, another government housing development in Oxford.
     Lisa has worked on-and-off as a cook since she graduated from high
     school. However, with herself and two children to support, she has
     never been able to earn enough to move into  [*524]  an apartment.
     Lisa must rent, and the amount she can pay for rent is small. Seven
     years ago she was working at the local retardation center and paid $
     123.00 rent each month. As changes in employment occurred, so did
     decreases in salary -- and decreases in amount of rent she could pay.
     Lisa moved to her current apartment on June 1, 1991. She is currently
     unemployed, but she is seeking employment. For herself and her two
     sons, Lisa receives $ 278.00 each month in food stamps. She also
     receives a welfare check for $ 120.00 each month, and the children's
     father pays $ 50.00 child support each month. Her electricity bill is
     $ 25.00 to $ 50.00 each month, cable is $ 20.00, and she has no phone;
     for rent, Lisa pays $ 23.00 a month. After she pays the expenses, Lisa
     usually has about $ 60.00 remaining, which she spends on her two sons
     for clothing and miscellaneous expenses.
     When asked where she would have lived had C.B. Webb not been available
     to her, Lisa's silence served as her answer. After considering the
     question, she finally answered, "I don't know. I just don't know." If
     C.B. Webb were no longer available to her, Lisa and her two children
     would probably be homeless.

   Federal government programs and the Farmer's Home Administration supplied the
state with almost 40,000 housing units between 1980 and 1990.  n82 From
1987-1991, the Federal Low Income Housing Tax Credit has provided for the
production or rehabilitation of over 4,000 multi- and single family rental
housing units.  n83 While federal programs have helped the state meet some of
its housing needs, spending on new construction fell by one-third between 1980
and 1988.  n84

   In order to provide sufficient housing, the state must make sure that new
units are being produced as well as maintain the housing which already exists.
For the decade preceding 1990, Mississippi needed 136,000 new housing units
because of the growing population and to replace those lost to natural disasters
and other causes.  n85 During that same time period, 142,000 new  [*525]  units
were added to the state's existing housing stock.  n86 However, these figures do
not account for the roughly 109,000 substandard housing units which existed in
1980; it would have required the additional production of over 95,000 more units
during the decade just to replace those.  n87

   By projecting the state's household growth rates and considering losses to
the existing housing stock, the MHC suggests that "another 73,000 housing units
will be needed between 1992 and 1996."  n88 If production continues at its
present average of 10,500 units per year, it will fall short of replacing
existing substandard housing by 20,000 units.  n89 To cure this shortcoming,
overall production rates need to increase forty percent over the 1988-1990
production levels.  n90 If affordable housing is not more available to
low-income households, their housing conditions can be expected to deteriorate.
n91

   In the past, Mississippi has primarily depended on the federal government for
housing assistance for low and moderate income families. However, federal
spending on new construction has decreased by one-third between 1980 and 1990.
n92 In addition, between 1979 and 1988, total obligations for new units under
HUD Section 8, public housing, and Farmers Home Section 515 decreased from $ 184
million to $ 115.8 million, a thirty-seven percent drop.  n93 In the nine-year
period, new public housing units dropped from 455 units to 106 units.  n94 The
Farmer's Home Section 515 program subsidized approximately 1,158 units per year
from 1979 and 1981; by 1990, this number had been reduced by sixty-three
percent.  n95 According to MHC, "At this rate, it would take existing federal
housing programs acting alone over 40 years to assist the 65,000 households with
low incomes  [*526]  to find quality, affordable housing."  n96

   CONCLUSION

   In Mississippi, housing problems are magnified due to the rural way of life
and the financial problems in the state. Mississippi does not have enough
affordable, decent rental housing units, nor does it have enough affordable,
decent housing units which Mississippians can purchase. The state has a growing
problem with homeless individuals and families, as well as an overall lack of
housing and other services for all special needs groups.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsLocal GovernmentsFinanceReal Property LawLandlord & TenantRent
RegulationGeneral OverviewReal Property LawZoning & Land UseBuilding & Housing
Codes

FOOTNOTES:




n1  Housing Act of 1949, Pub. L. No. 81-171, $ 502,63 Stat. 413 (1949). One
"goal" included in the preamble is "a decent home and a suitable living
environment for every American family." Id. at 413. The goal was reaffirmed by
Congress in 1990. See Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, Pub. L.
No. 101-625, $ 102, 104 Stat. 4079, 4085 (1990).




n2  The Need for a New National Housing Policy, at 3 [hereinafter New Housing
Policy].




n3  Id. This trend followed a 35 year increase in the percentage of Americans
who could afford to purchase a home. Id.




n4  Id.




n5  Id.




n6  Id. During this period, more than 30 million families were living in
inadequate housing units or in units which the government classified as having
"a housing problem." Id.




n7  Joint Center for Housing Studies of Harvard University, The State of the
Nation's Housing (1988) [hereinafter Nation's Housing].




n8  State of Mississippi Comprehensive Housing Affordability Strategy, 1992,
Mississippi Home Corporation, at 5 [hereinafter Housing Strategy].




n9  Id. A significant percentage of these substandard conditions existed in
counties located within the Mississippi Delta. Id. at Table 5.




n10  Id. at 5.




n11  Id.




n12  Id.




n13  Id. at 13.




n14  Nation's Housing, supra note 7, at 17. The Housing and Community
Development Act of 1974 greatly increased the number utilizing governmental
assistance. Id.; see Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Pub. L. No
93-383, $ 201, 88 Stat. 633 (1974). As a result, by 1987 the total number of
people living in federally subsidized housing increased almost 73%. Nation's
Housing, supra note 7, at 17.




n15  Nation's Housing, supra note 7, at 17. Fewer than one-third of renter
households with yearly incomes below $ 5,000 and less than a quarter with
incomes between $ 5,000 and $ 10,000 received any form of rental assistance in
1987. Id.




n16  Id. at 18.




n17  See generally Congressional Budget Office, U.S. Congress, Current Housing
Problems and Possible Federal Responses (1988).




n18  Tax Reform Act of 1986, Pub. L. No. 99-514, 100 Stat. 2085 (1986).




N19  Frank A. Racaniello, Extending the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit: An
Empirical Analysis, 22 RUTGERS L.J. 753, 753 (1991).




n20  Id. at 754. By 1993, the nationwide demand will exceed the supply by over 4
million units. Id.; see also U.S. Census and Department of Housing and Urban
Development, Annual Housing Survey, 1974 and 1983 (1983) (predicting that by
2003 demand will exceed supply by 7.8 million units).




n21  Racaniello, supra note 19, at 760-62. The Tax Credit assisted the
production of over 100,000 low-income housing units in 1987 and 1988, and its
use is increasing. Id.




n22  National Housing Task Force, A Decent Place to Live: The Report of the
National Housing Task Force 6 (1988).




n23  Id. at 13.




n24  Id. at 8.




n25  Id. at 9.




n26  U.S. Census 1990. Population and Housing Characteristics for the United
States, Summary Tape File 1A, 1990.




n27  Id.; see Population and Housing Characteristics, Mississippi, 1990, for a
breakdown of counties and districts [hereinafter Housing Characteristics].




n28  Id.




n29  Id.




n30  Housing Strategy, supra note 8, at 4. Overcrowded units are units having
over one person per room. Id.




n31  Id. Characteristics indicating the possibility of substandard housing
include a lack of complete plumbing, overcrowding, or rents of over 30% of the
renter's income. Id.




n32  Id.




n33  Id.




n34  Id. at 4.




n35  For purposes of comparison to the rest of the counties in the state, the
following counties represent the Mississippi Delta: Bolivar, Coahoma, Holmes,
Humphreys, Issaquena, Leflore, Tallahatchie, Tunica, Sharkey, Sunflower, and
Washington.




n36  Housing Characteristics, supra note 27, at Tables 9-12.




n37  Id.




n38  Id.




n39  Mississippi 1990: Summary Tape File 1A, U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau
of the Census, May 1991.




n40  U.S. Dept. of Housing and Urban Development, February 1, 1991.




n41  Housing Strategy, supra note 8, at 5.




n42  Id. The MHC states that if a monthly rental assistance of $ 250 were given
only to those households earning less than half the state's median income, it
would cost over $ 19 million per year. Id.




n43  Id.




n44  Mississippi Home Corporation, State of Mississippi Comprehensive Housing
Affordability Strategy 1992 3 (1991) [hereinafter Housing Affordability Strategy
]. This percentage has remained stable over the past decade, since the
percentage of home ownership in Mississippi was also 71% in 1980. Id.




n45  Id. at 5. 12% of all owner-occupied housing is equal to over 72,000 units.
Id.




n46  Id.




n47  Id. 23% of all households in the state earn incomes below the poverty
level. Id.




n48  Id.




n49  Housing Affordability Strategy, supra note 44, at 3. In metro areas in
Mississippi, the median family income was $ 31,000, while in nonmetro areas it
was $ 23,500. Id.




n50  Id. at 4. A median value home has a value "that has exactly one-half of
homes priced above it and one-half priced below it. It is determined from the
actual sales prices of homes sold over a given period of time." Id. at 4 n.3.




n51  Id. at 4. In metro areas, 54% of renter households and 28% of owner
households could not afford the median value house. Id. In nonmetro areas, 67%
of renter households and 44% of owner households could not afford the 1990
median value house. Id.




n52  National Housing Task Force, supra note 22, at 13.




n53  New Housing Policy, supra note 2, at 26. HUD estimates in 1983 the homeless
population was between 250,000 and 350,000. Id. Estimates by other groups and
agencies at that time included 1 - 3 million by the Department of Health and
Human Services, 2.5 million by the National Housing Law Project and the National
Housing Conference, and 2-3 million by the Center for Creative Non-Violence. Id.




n54  National Housing Task Force, supra note 22, at 13.




n55  New Housing Policy, supra note 2, at 27.




n56  Id. at 28. Various studies have concluded that new homelessness is caused
primarily from the unavailability of affordable housing for low income
households. Id.




n57  Id.




n58  Id.




n59  Housing Strategy, supra note 8, at 6.




n60  Id.




n61  Id.




n62  Housing Affordability Strategy, supra note 44, at 6.




n63  Id.




n64  Id. Other than basic needs such as shelter, food, and health care, these
domestic violence facilities provide protection, legal assistance, counseling,
child care, and employment assistance. Id.




n65  Id. at 15.




n66  Id.




n67  Id. at 7.




n68  Id.




n69  Id.




n70  Id.




n71  Memorandum from Executive Committee of the Housing Task Force to Governor
Ray Mabus 2 (Sept. 29, 1988).




n72  Housing Affordability Strategy, supra note 44, at 5.




n73  Id. at 8.




n74  Id.




n75  Id.




n76  Id.




n77  Id.




n78  Id. 60% of all Mississippians known to have AIDS are white. Id.




n79  Id. at 9.




n80  Id.




n81  Id.




n82  Housing Strategy, supra note 8, at 11.




n83  Id. 65% of these units were located in nonmetro counties. Id.




n84  Id. at 10.




n85  Id.




n86  Id.




n87  Id.




n88  Id.




n89  Id.




n90  Id. at 11. Between 1988 and 1991, Mississippi averaged an increase of
single and multi-family housing units of 10,500 units each year. Id.




n91  Id.




n92  Housing Affordability Strategy, supra note 44, at 10.




n93  Id. at 12-13.




n94  Id.




n95  Id. at 13.




n96  Id.


                             638 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                     March 16, 2003 Sunday Marshall Edition

Proposed plan looks into Plymouth's future;
Affordable housing, traffic are topics stressed in draft

BYLINE: By ANITA MUNSON; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 613 words


PLYMOUTH -- The city's first comprehensive plan in 27 years sees a Plymouth with
streets that are well-planned and connected, higher-paying jobs that include
high technology fields, a vibrant downtown, safe and clean neighborhoods, and
well-planned growth.

The first draft of the document, reviewed by a steering committee that includes
city officials and citizens, takes its cue from a series of public meetings last
year.

Those who attended were invited to tell Ratio Architects Inc., the consulting
firm that prepared the draft, what makes the city good and what liabilities need
work.

"This should be a flexible guideline," Troy Kiefer, Plymouth planning director
said, "that addresses what is important to the city with regard to planned
growth."

Issues Plymouth residents showed as concerns to be addressed in the plan include
affordable housing, traffic, growth and development, community aesthetics, parks
and recreation, and economic development.

The plan draft attempts to do so in the following ways:

Balanced land use

 With regard to land use, it recommends a "balanced and diverse mixture" -- from
commercial to residential opportunities -- throughout the city. It supports
development of neighborhood commercial centers in new and existing neighborhoods
and suggests inventorying available land for such projects and designing
standards for commercial use.

The plan shows that residents believe the city should develop a unified strategy
for attracting new business and industry and become especially active in efforts
focusing on high technology and research and development. Tax abatements should
be encouraged, but the city also should look at other incentives that could
include reductions in connection fees for city utilities, for example.

The plan calls for the city to encourage residential property maintenance and
upkeep by supporting code enforcement activities and neighborhood-based
initiatives. Additionally, as new neighborhoods are developed, developers may be
required to provide the same types of amenities found in existing neighborhoods.
These could include sidewalks, street trees and on-street parking.

Affordable housing

 With a concern that the number of owner-occupied homes is shrinking, the plan
suggests incentives for wanting to buy homes within the city, and encourages the
conversion of rental properties to owner-occupied homes. There is the suggestion
that to preserve single-family home neighborhoods, the city should change zoning
to prohibit multi-family structures within a single-family district.

The plan shows that the city must increase the amount of affordable housing, as
well, including apartments, single-family homes and duplexes. Senior citizens
aren't left out either, with the plan calling for adequate options for them at
various levels of health care services.

A vital downtown

 Downtown Plymouth was identified not only in the public meetings, but also in
the draft of the comprehensive plan as the "true focal point of the community."
If Plymouth is to maintain its small-town identity, residents suggest through
the plan, the downtown must have a detailed plan for the future.

New investment in the downtown could be encouraged with economic incentives,
including tax abatements, and the addition of specialty retailers. The plan
recommends that the city also secure grant funding to downtown property owners
to be used for facade improvement and maintenance.

Zoning standards that support the historic characteristics of downtown buildings
also would be important with regard to new investment, the plan adds.

Staff writer Anita Munson:

amunson@sbtinfo.com

(574) 936-2920


LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See related story:   Character, quality of life key for residents

                 Copyright 2003 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             639 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Daily Republic (Mitchell, South Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 19, 2013 Tuesday

Additional apartments coming to Mitchell

BYLINE: Tom Lawrence, The Daily Republic, Mitchell, S.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 703 words


March 19--More apartment buildings are being planned for Mitchell in the wake of
a report last year that the city needs more affordable housing.

If all are completed, hundreds of rental units could be added to the city's
housing supply within the next year or so, according to City Planner Neil
Putnam.

The Mitchell City Council, sitting as the Board of Adjustment on Monday night at
City Hall, set an April 1 date for a hearing to review a proposal to build two
multi-family dwellings with 64 units in each building in the 1301 to 1401 blocks
of West 23rd Avenue, also known as Cemetery Road. The development would be just
west of a small church that is located on the south side of the street.

A Sioux Falls firm, Eagle Construction Inc., is applying for a conditional use
permit to locate the apartments at the site. It is being assisted by CJM
Consulting Inc., of Mitchell.

The Mitchell Planning and Zoning Commission will review the permit application
at its meeting Monday, according to Putnam.

Eagle will likely build one unit first, and then construct the second building,
Putnam said.

"They may not do both at the same time," he said. "They're asking for the permit
for both, but they may not build both at the same time."

Two Eagle employees said they are not prepared to discuss the development at
this point.

Developer Chuck Mauszycki Sr., of Mitchell, whose firm CJM Consulting is listed
as assisting Eagle Construction, said he thinks at least some of the apartments
could be completed within a few months.

"I certainly hope they're available for rent sometime this calendar year,"
Mauszycki said. "I would describe these as affordable apartments.

"We need apartments in Mitchell of a good, acceptable rent," he said. "And I
think $600 or $700 is a good price point. Lower is better. I understand from the
study last year we need some affordable places in Mitchell."

Mauszycki said he is selling some land off West 23rd Avenue for the Eagle
project. He said another, "very similar" rental development in the same area is
also in the works.

In addition, a separate plan known as the South Point Village development calls
for constructing 52 townhome apartments in four 13-unit apartment buildings in
southern Mitchell, according to Putnam.

If that is successful, up to 273 units, an outdoor swimming pool and a community
clubhouse could eventually be built in that area west of Menards, he said.

There are other developments in the works, ranging from apartment complexes to
duplexes and four-plexes. At the very least, hundreds of new rental units will
be built in Mitchell.

"I think that would be fair," Putnam said. "You never know how these are going
to pan out."

Monday night, the council also approved the plat for the Mueller Lumber
Morningview Subdivision, which could include single- and dual-family homes, as
well as apartments. The project will be developed in four phases, with 50 lots
available for sale.

It would be constructed on a now-vacant lot north of Interstate 90 and south of
Norway Avenue. Minnesota Street would be extended one block to the south as part
of the development. The 19.6-acre development would be bordered by Miller Avenue
on the west and Wisconsin Street on the east.

The plat for Mitchell Technical Institute Foundation's housing project was also
approved.

The plat is for Lots 2-A and 2-B of the MTI Foundation Housing Addition, a
subdivision of previously Platted Lot 2 of MTI Foundation Housing Addition for a
new apartment building as a companion to the Campus Tech Apartments.

A study on housing in Mitchell that was released in September identified an
"overwhelming need" for additional quality rental housing in the city, according
to Steve Griesert, who did the study with Scott Knudson, both of the
Minnesota-based research firm Community Partners Research.

The study, which cost $26,400, was funded by the Mitchell Area Development
Corp., with help from other organizations -- $5,000 from the Mitchell Housing
Authority, $2,600 from the Mitchell Area Manufacturers Association and $2,000
from the Parkston Development Corp.

___ (c)2013 The Daily Republic (Mitchell, S.D.) Visit The Daily Republic
(Mitchell, S.D.) at www.mitchellrepublic.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130319-JQ-Additional-apartments-coming-to-Mitchell-0319-20130319

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JQ


                       Copyright 2013 The Daily Republic


                             640 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 27, 2011

Affordable rental units hard to find in Sussex

BYLINE: Ron MacArthur

LENGTH: 930  words


It's getting harder and harder for state and county residents to find affordable
rental housing, and more than half of those in the hunt don't make enough to
afford even a two-bedroom apartment.

Delaware's housing wage - the hourly income a family needs to afford rent and
utilities - has increased 46 percent over the past

decade, said Gina Miserendino of the Delaware Housing Coalition.

In a report issued earlier in May, the rate was placed at $18.74 as the hourly
wage a family must earn to afford a two-bedroom rental unit. Delaware has the
16th most expensive state housing wage in the nation, according to "Out of Reach
2011," published by the National Low Income Housing Coalition, a Washington,
D.C.-based housing advocacy group.

While the Sussex County housing wage of $14.42 per hour is considerably lower
than the state average, a wide gap between the highest and lowest-paid workers
exists. Workers in the county's leading job categories - retail and leisure and
hospitality - average just $10 per hour. Workers in nonfood manufacturing
average $26.40 an hour, and workers in education and healthcare average about
$21 per hour.

The average annual wage in Sussex County is $33, 300 a year, which is just about
what is needed to afford a modest rental unit and pay the utilities with very
little disposable income left.

"It's discouraging that many of the current jobs available and ones being
created in the future do not come close to the $14.42 per hour - and that's
working full time 52 weeks a year without a break," she said.

Most Sussex County workers are employed in the wholesale and retail trades, and
the leisure and hospitality fields, which are also the lowest-paying jobs in the
county, said Ed Simon of the Delaware Economic Development Office as he
presented during the 2010 Sussex County Today and Tomorrow Conference. The more
than 12, 000 workers in the wholesale and retail trades earn an average of $26,
000 per

year while the 10, 000 workers in the leisure and hospitality fields make an
average of $16, 000 a year. Both are far below the an nual average wage needed
to afford rental housing.

Miserendino said the rates are based on a family spending no more than 30
percent of its income on housing.

According to the Delaware Housing Coalition, on a statewide level, working at
the federal minimum wage of $7.25 per hour, families must have 2.6 wage earners
working full time or one wage earner working more than 100 hours per week

An estimated 54 percent of renters, or 46, 500, do not earn enough to afford a
two-bedroom apartment at fair market rent, which averages $974 per month with
many rentals in the Cape Region exceeding $1, 100. Nearly 30 percent of Delaware
residents are renters.

Miserendino said people who are struggling to find affordable rental units
choose a variety of paths to place a roof over their heads. Some double up with
others to share the rent; some live with other family members, and others end up
in cheaper, substandard rentals.

"In many cases they end up in overcrowded conditions, and that puts a lot of
stress on families," Miserendino said.

Families, especially single-parent families, are under stress with many adults
working two

jobs. Miserendino said many of the available jobs are shift and seasonal jobs,
and people are forced to work away from their hometown. "Some people are one
flat tire away from losing their job," she said.

Lack of affordable rental units

Adding to the problem is the lack of affordable housing in Sussex County in the
private and public sectors. Miserendino said nearly every assisted housing
community in the state has a waiting list.

Even before the 2008 housing crash, there was a lack of affordable housing,
Miserendino said. "With the economic downturn, even more pressure is placed on
affordable housing," she said.

People facing foreclosures who are middle-class families are finding out how
hard it is to find

rental housing, Miserendino

said. "The pressure on rentals is climbing up the economic ladder, and many in
the middle class are beginning to understand what a lot of their neighbors have
been going through for a long time," she said.

Very few new apartment complexes have been built in Sussex County over the past
few years. Miserendino said a stigma of sorts has been placed on multi-family
housing. "Renters are not second-class citizens," she said.

Ironically, Delaware is among the top states in the nation for home ownership.
"There has

been such a push to get everyone into a home, and now we need to rebalance the
equation. People need different living situations throughout their lives," she
said.

"I get calls all the time from older people looking for affordable senior
housing and they tell me about up to two-year waiting lists. Some tell me they
are not sure they have two years," she said.

The fastest-growing age group in the county is those aged 55 and up; experts
estimate an additional 90, 000 seniors will live in the county by 2025, with
most of those over the age of 65.

Good options are out there

According to Miserendino, there are still some good options available to provide
affordable housing. Sussex County has a moderately priced rental housing program
in place that has

been stalled by the economic downturn. A federal program under the National
Housing Trust Fund is set to pour $3 million into Delaware for construction and
rehabilitation of affordable rental properties.

Sussex County has its own active rehabilitation program in place. Programs such
as Diamond State Land Trust provide affordable housing on inexpensive leased
land that lowers housing costs.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2011 Cape Gazette


                             641 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2016 Monday

Washington: Justice Department Settles with Salt Lake City-Area Apartment
Complexes to Resolve Allegations of Discrimination Against Individuals with
Disabilities

LENGTH: 577  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 The Justice Department announced today that the owners and managers of four
multi-family apartment complexes in the Salt Lake City area have agreed to pay
$45,000 to settle a lawsuit alleging that they violated the Fair Housing Act by
discriminating against tenants and prospective tenants with disabilities.



 The lawsuit, filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Utah, alleges
that the defendants failed to provide reasonable accommodations for certain
tenants with disabilities who sought to live with their assistance animals.  The
department's complaint alleges, among other things, that the defendants - the
property management company NALS Apartment Homes; the owners of Pinnacle
Highland Apartments, Cobble Creek Apartments and Sky Harbor Apartments; and the
former owners of Thornhill Park Apartments - required tenants with disabilities
who sought to live with an assistance animal to have a healthcare provider
complete a "prescription form" suggesting that the healthcare provider may be
held responsible for any property damage or physical injury that the assistance
animal may cause.  The defendants did not require tenants without disabilities
who had pets to have a third party assume liability for their animals.

 The lawsuit arose as a result of complaints by both former tenants and Utah's
Disability Law Center (DLC) filed with the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development.  DLC, a non-profit organization that works to promote equal housing
opportunities in the Salt Lake City metropolitan area, sent testers posing as
prospective renters to the defendants' apartment buildings to determine whether
they were engaging in discriminatory practices in violation of the Fair Housing
Act.

 "The Fair Housing Act requires landlords to make accommodations for individuals
with disabilities who require assistance animals in their homes," said Principal
Deputy Assistant Attorney General Vanita Gupta, head of the Justice Department's
Civil Rights Division.  "The Justice Department remains deeply committed to
protecting the rights of persons with disabilities and holding accountable
housing providers who utilize discriminatory policies."

 "This office will not tolerate business practices that deprive those with
disabilities their rights to housing accommodations required under the law,"
said U.S. Attorney John W. Huber of the District of Utah.  "We will vigorously
pursue those who fail to comply with these standards."

 Under the terms of the consent order, which must still be approved by the
court, the defendants are required to pay $20,000 to a former tenant and her
seven-year-old son with autism who were denied permission to keep the child's
assistance animal after the child's doctor refused to assume liability for any
possible damages caused by the animal.  The defendants are also required to pay
$25,000 to establish a settlement fund to compensate any additional individuals
who were harmed by their conduct.  The settlement also prohibits the defendants
from engaging in future discrimination and requires them to establish a
non-discriminatory reasonable accommodation policy, use non-discriminatory
reasonable accommodation application forms and have the relevant employees
participate in fair-housing training.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             642 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Nanaimo Daily News (British Columbia)

                           October 15, 2011 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

New-home construction makes some impressive September gains; Multi-family
complexes drive significant activity, according to CMHC experts

BYLINE: Tamara Cunningham, The Daily News

SECTION: NEWS; Tamara Cunningham; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 524  words


New-home construction made large gains in September with multi-family complexes
driving the activity, according to the Canadian Mortgage and Housing
Corporation.

Housing starts in Nanaimo rose to 87 in September over 63 in the same month last
year, with the multi-family sector influencing more than half of the activity.

While construction of singlefamily homes only inched forward, multi-family
projects have increased by 60%.

Year-to-date the numbers are also strong, with multi-family builds seeing a 35%
increase from January to September over the same period in 2010.

Analysts with the CMHC said builders are seeing the popularity of affordable
housing go up, making them more confident about taking on larger multifamily
projects.

The numbers are also influenced by buyers still skeptical of higher-priced
detached homes and looking to avoid the harmonized sales tax threshold of
$525,000. While the multi-family sector sees gains, construction of
single-family homes has dropped to 197 from September to January from 333 over
the same period last year.

Nanaimo home builders agree people are looking for more affordable choices when
choosing their homes, creating a shift towards townhouses and duplexes.

"The numbers speak for themselves about what builders are doing," said Rod
Ekland, vicepresident of the Canadian Home Builders Association of Central
Vancouver Island. "Demand is going up for cost effective homes . . . and
multi-family projects are hitting more markets, from entry level buyers to
retirees and investors."

Building multi-family for the rental market is especially attractive for Nanaimo
builders, with the vacancy rate at about 3%, Ekland said.

He doubts HST is driving the demand for lower-priced homes, however, other local
builders have previously noted that the tax has influenced new home purchases.

Chris Cross, owner of Palladian Homes, said the company is moving product around
the $400,000 cost range but anything over $500,000 has stalled. Insight
Developments has seen buyers walk from deals over the tax.

Builders across B.C. have been seeking more rebates and supports from the
government as the province transitions back to provincial sales tax.

STATE OF THE ISLAND

Helmut Pastrick, chief econo-mist for Central 1 Credit Union, will give the
keynote address at the 2011 State of the Island Economic Summit to be held in
Nanaimo on Tuesday and Wednesday.

Pastrick will examine trends and developments in the economy of Vancouver Island
and place it in the current international, national, and provincial economic
context in his speech at the summit, organized by the Vancouver Island Economic
Alliance.

B.C. Premier Christy Clark will also address the fifth annual summit from 4 p.m.
to 5 p.m. on Tuesday.

Registration forms to attend and other information concerning the summit are
available at www.viea.ca/summit.

ROAD CLOSURES

Bowen Road: Crews continue to build the new road on both sides of the Quarterway
Bridge. Crews are also installing new water and storm mains along Bowen Road
near Buttertubs Drive and rebuilding the Bowen West play field. Expect traffic
delays.

TCunningham@nanaimodailynews.com 250-729-4230

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: [Daily News File ]; Rod Ekland, vice-president of the Canadian Home
Builders Association of Vancouver Island, said demand is going up
forcost-effective homes.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 Nanaimo Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             643 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                            August 15, 2013 Thursday
                                 Early Edition

Boardwalk looking to build rental properties; Units would be for Calgary,
Edmonton

BYLINE: Mario Toneguzzi, Calgary Herald

SECTION: CALGARY BUSINESS; Pg. E6

LENGTH: 395 words


Calgary-based Boardwalk Real Estate Investment Trust says it's exploring
construction of new rental apartment buildings in Calgary, Regina and Edmonton.

Boardwalk said Wednesday, in releasing its latest financial results, that it
continues to review development opportunities for multi-family apartment
buildings on land it owns in Alberta and Saskatchewan.

"We still are working really hard at getting building itself and permits to
build more (in Calgary) and we believe the market needs that and it will be
welcome new supply," said Sam Kolias, chairman and chief executive of Boardwalk.

Kolias said the turnover rate in Calgary apartments fell slightly in July
following flooding in the city. Only 2.7 per cent of renters moved in July,
compared to 3.4 per cent the same month last year.

Kolias said there is more new rental construction taking place in the city, with
Boardwalk counting about 1,700 apartment rental units coming onto the market
during the next six to 12 months.

"This will help stabilize the market," he said.

In 2012, the REIT started construction of a 109-unit, fourstorey development on
land it owns in Calgary. Completion of the project, estimated to cost about $19
million, is expected in the fall.

It received a $7.5 million rent subsidy grant from Alberta's Housing Capital
Initiatives program to assist in the development of the property. In return, the
REIT agreed to provide 54 of the 109 units at rental rates 10 per cent below
average Calgary market rents for 20 years.

Boardwalk said Wednesday that its funds from operations for the second quarter
rose 11 per cent to $42.6 million, or $0.81 per unit on a diluted basis,
compared with $38.3 million or $0.73 per unit for the same period last year.

Shares fell $2.02 or 3.56 per cent to $54.78 at the close Wednesday in Toronto.

In the second quarter of 2013, overall occupancy for Boardwalk's portfolio was
98.6 per cent, up from 98.1 per cent a year ago.

Average monthly rents increased to $1,088 in June from $1,038 in June 2012.

Rental revenue in the second quarter was $115.1 million, up 5.4 per cent from a
year ago while six-month rental revenue grew by 5.1 per cent to $228.3 million.

Boardwalk owns and operates more than 225 properties across Canada with 35,277
residential units. There are 5,310 units in Calgary and 12,497 units in
Edmonton.

mtoneguzzi@calgaryherald.

com Twitter.com/MTone123

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dean Bicknell, Calgary Herald; Sam Kolias of Boardwalk Real Estate
Investment Trust says new units will help stabilize the rental-housing market.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2013 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             644 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                              June 26, 2011 Sunday
                                 METRO EDITION

New way to recycle that ubiquitous plastic

BYLINE: LAURIE BLAKE; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 682 words



HIGHLIGHT: Hennepin County is considering several new approaches to boost
recycling rates, including turning trashed plastic into synthetic crude oil.


In coming years, plastic bags, wrap, yogurt containers and other plastic tossed
in the trash could be melted into marketable synthetic oil to help Hennepin
County meet higher recycling goals.

It's one of several new strategies the county is considering to meet a state
mandate requiring all seven metro counties to recycle more waste. Hennepin is
expected to recycle nearly half of its garbage by 2015.

To convert plastics to oil, Hennepin would lease space in its Brooklyn Park
recycling and waste transfer station to Rational Energies, a company that would
pluck plastic out of the garbage and cook it into synthetic crude oil.

"It's the first of what we think might be several plastic cookers," said
Commissioner Peter McLaughlin, chair of the county's Public Works, Energy and
Environment Committee.

"Oil as the end product is much more valuable in the marketplace than even the
electricity that we can produce" at the county's downtown Minneapolis garbage
burner, McLaughlin said.

Under the proposal, Rational Energies would keep proceeds from the sale of the
oil and Hennepin County would profit from leasing space at the transfer station,
said Carl Michaud, the county's director of environmental services.

Michaud has other policy recommendations to expand recycling, including:

- Better promotion of recycling by businesses and condo and apartment residents;

- Technical assistance for recycling at local events;

- Incentive grants and technical assistance to schools and cities to recycle
organic waste, such as discarded food;

- Simplified curbside pickup of recycling materials, allowing residents to put
everything in one or two bins.

All the strategies are designed to help Hennepin meet goals set by the Minnesota
Pollution Control Agency to raise its recycling rate from 38 percent of the
waste stream this year to 45 percent by 2015.

In the same period, the county must reduce overall garbage sent to landfills
from a maximum of 31 percent now to a maximum of 20 percent.

The County Board is expected to vote on the proposed strategies by the end of
the year.

Commissioners asked for new ideas because household recycling rates have stalled
and recycling at businesses and multi-family housing complexes hasn't made much
progress, McLaughlin said.

If the new policies are approved, Bloomington, Brooklyn Center, Crystal, Edina,
Minneapolis, New Hope, Plymouth, Richfield and St. Louis Park -- which have 80
percent of the county's multi-family housing -- would be asked to work with
building owners to educate tenants on recycling.

Because the majority of county commissioners oppose making recycling mandatory,
education will be key to ramping up results, McLaughlin said.

"We need to re-engage the public," he said. "We need to say it is simpler,
folks, and we want you to help to preserve our environment by recycling more."

If voluntary recycling doesn't bring in more material, McLaughlin said he would
consider mandatory recycling for large generators of food waste, including
restaurants, schools, hospitals and universities. About 100 schools in Hennepin
County now recycle organics.

How much the new strategies would cost is not clear. The county wants to burn
waste to capacity at the garbage burner, which would generate $1.5 million more
in revenue that could be spent on recycling activities, he said.

The state's recycling rate has been stuck at about 42 percent for the past 10
years and recycling goals are going up in an effort to boost that to 60 percent,
said Wayne Gjerde, recycling market development coordinator for the MPCA.

Now material worth about $285 million is thrown away each year at a disposal
cost of $200 million, Gjerde said.

To encourage more recycling of food and other organic waste, legislators this
year declared organic waste a recyclable product. The MPCA is trying to expand
organics collection and composting, Gjerde said.

In one new initiative, a recycling tool kit for schools will be posted on the
Recycle More Minnesota website, Gjerde said. For more information, go to
www.rethinkrecycling.com or www.recyclemoreminnesota.org.

Laurie Blake - 612-673-1711

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             645 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Register Guard (Eugene, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 5, 2006 Tuesday

New apartment complex nears completion

BYLINE: Randi Bjornstad, The Register-Guard, Eugene, Ore.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 580 words


Sep. 5--It's running about three months behind schedule, but managers of the new
Willamette Gardens Apartments say the first of the complex's six, 40-unit
buildings will open in mid-September.

"The project is 84 percent complete," said Robert Gillespie, spokesman for the
state Housing and Community Services Department, which issues tax-exempt bonds
and tax credits for low-income housing projects such as Willamette Gardens.

A contract disagreement between the general partner, called Public Private
Partnership, or P3, and PNC Multi-Family Capital, the limited partner, caused at
least part of the delay, Gillespie said, "but the project is back in
construction, and it should be done soon."

Resolution of the conflict included PNC Multi-Family Capital taking over
ownership of the project, Gillespie said.

Russell Peterson -- an official with Affinity Property Management of Portland,
which has the contract to manage the complex -- declined to discuss the reasons
for the project's delay. However, he said "there are 70 people waiting to move
in" when the doors to Willamette Gardens open later this month.

"The first building is full, and there are 30 units taken in the second,"
Peterson said. He expects all buildings to be available for occupancy in late
fall, as originally planned.

Willamette Gardens is located at the corner of Kinsrow Avenue and Commons
Street, off Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd. east of Autzen Stadium.

Rents at Willamette Gardens start at $549 per month for a one-bedroom apartment,
rising to $656 per month for two bedrooms and $754 for three.

All units include a washing machine and dryer, dishwasher and garbage disposal,
deck or patio, and storage area. All but the one-bedroom apartments have two
full bathrooms.

All units can be adapted for people with disabilities, and apartments above
ground level can be reached by interior elevators or stairways.

Built under the federal Section 42 housing program, Willamette Gardens will be
available to people with incomes up to 60 percent of the median income of the
Eugene-Springfield area. To qualify, a couple may earn up to $22,280 per year,
while a family of four may have income up to $32,820 annually.

Potential renters must have monthly income 1.5 times the rent of the apartment
they want in order to qualify.

Although located in an area of apartment complexes occupied mostly by University
of Oregon students, Willamette Gardens will not be available to unrelated,
full-time students because of the Section 42 program's mission to assist
lower-income families with housing.

Site manager Dodi Faulknercq said that people who wish to rent at Willamette
Gardens will be given as much choice as possible among buildings, floors and
individual units within the complex.

Potential renters must pay a nonrefundable fee of $35 per adult in the household
in order to apply.

To reserve an apartment requires another $300, which will be applied to the
required security deposit.

Tenants in the complex pay for electricity, although water, sewer and garbage
costs are included in the rent.

To see more of The Register-Guard, Eugene, Ore., or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.registerguard.com. Copyright (c) 2006, The
Register-Guard, Eugene, Ore. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060905-EU-APARTMENTS-20060905

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EU


                       Copyright 2006 The Register Guard


                             646 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Daily Times-Call (Longmont Colorado)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 21, 2015 Tuesday

County officials: State's flood-recovery funding plans based on obsolete needs
assessments

BYLINE: John Fryar, Daily Times-Call, Longmont, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 696 words


April 21--The state's estimates of what's still needed for Boulder, Larimer and
Weld County communities and their residents to recover from the September 2013
floods are obsolete and need to be updated, several local government officials
contended during a hearing Monday night.

The hearing in the Longmont City Council chambers was held to get local
officials' and residents' comments on state proposals for distributing about
$58.2 million in federal Community Development Block Grant-Disaster Recovery
funds on programs and projects still needed after the 2013 floods.

"The state is dealing with outdated numbers with regard to unmet needs," Lyons
town administrator Victoria Simonsen told the representatives of several state
agencies attending the hearing.

Simonsen said the state's allocations of CDBG-DR funds should be based on more
current needs calculations than those originally made in the months immediately
following the floods.

She said a collaborative of local Boulder County governments have revised those
estimates, and the state and local governments "need to use the most up-to-date
information that we have" in deciding how to best allocate the federal money.

Simonsen, Boulder County Commissioner Deb Gardner and Longmont city manager
Harold Dominguez suggested that the county and its local governments have more
pressing needs for infrastructure repairs and replacements of roads, bridges,
buildings and other physical facilities destroyed or damaged in the floods than
they do for the amount of money the state is suggesting be spent on constructing
new housing units.

In previous state CDBG-DR funding plans -- plans that are being used or likely
will be used to distribute about $262 million Colorado was awarded in earlier
rounds of federal disaster recovery funding -- "infrastructure is consistently
under-funded and housing is consistently over-funded," Gardner said,
particularly new housing construction.

Dominguez said local Boulder County government officials aren't saying that
there isn't a need for additional affordable housing. But he said the
housing-assistance share of the overall disaster-recovery funding should focus
on people who lost their homes in the floods.

Said Gardner: "We know there's not enough money to solve all of our problems."
But she charged that the state is relying on "old or missing data" to justify
its CDBG-DR distribution proposals.

Based on what they've heard in a set of public hearings and received in writing,
Colorado state officials may revise their proposed allocations of the $58.2
million before submitting them to the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development officials by mid-May. At this point, however, the state's proposals
would include:

--$22.6 million for repairs and replacements of roads, bridges, and other
building facilities owned by municipalities, counties, school districts and
special districts.

--$18.5 million for such housing programs as temporary rental and relocation
assistance, down payment assistance, repairs, clearance and demolition, and the
construction of new single-family and multi-family housing units.

--$7.3 million for watershed resilience, including money for for future
watershed and stream restoration plans.

--$2.7 million for economic revitalization programs, including grants and loans
to businesses, tourism grants, technical assistance to businesses and workforce
training to promote regional economic diversity.

--$3.2 million for planning efforts and long-term recovery plan development by
local governments, nonprofits and councils of governments.

--$1 million for a new "community resiliency partnership fund" to help local
governments, small businesses, housing development agencies, organizations and
businesses.

Longmont resident Al Schoepner said he questioned some of the spending
categories being suggested by the state.

"I don't think any of this money should go for planning and resilience,"
Schoepner said. "Not one dime."

John Fryar: 303-684-5211, jfryar@times-call.com or twitter.com/jfryartc

___ (c)2015 the Daily Times-Call (Longmont, Colo.) Visit the Daily Times-Call
(Longmont, Colo.) at www.timescall.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150421-1LC-County-officials-State-s-flood-recovery-funding-plans-based-on-obso
lete-needs-assessments-0421-20150421

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LC


                        Copyright 2015 Daily Times-Call


                             647 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 29, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Michigan)
Issues Solicitation for "USDA RD MI-MFH MANAGER SERVICES"

LENGTH: 345  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Rural Development officer has issued
requirement for "USDA RD MI-MFH MANAGER SERVICES"

Solicitation No: AG-5441-K-16-0019

Notice Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
Posted Date: June 29, 2016

Description: AMENDMENT 02 EXTENDS THE REPLY DATE TO JULY 14, 2016 4 P.M. ET TO
ESTABLISH COMPETITIVE RANGE. LIMITED REPLIES RECEIVED. PERFORMANCE WILL START
UPON CONTRACT AWARDS.  ***
***  AMENDMENT 01 EXTENDS THE DUE DATE FOR OFFERS TO JUNE 30 ***
This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial services prepared in
accordance with the format prescribed in Federal Acquisition Regulation Subparts
12, 15 and 37, supplemented with additional information in this notice. THIS
ANNOUNCEMENT CONSTITUTES THE ONLY SOLICITATION; PPROPOSALS ARE BEING REQUESTED.


USDA Rural Development (RD) in Michigan requires management services for
Multi-Family Housing (MFH) properties per HB-2-3560 (MFH Asset Management
Handbook). Properties are expected to come into inventory during Fiscal Years
2016-2018. The typical MFH project is located in a rural area (less than 35,000
residents); has an average of 24-units in 2 buildings; rental assistance to some
tenants; average occupancy is 75%; projects are in good state of repair.
The Contractor shall furnish all necessary personnel, materials, and otherwise
do all things necessary to perform the required services as identified in the
solicitation. USDA RD anticipates awarding up to five (5) Blanket Purchase
Agreements (BPA) to This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial
services prepared in accordance with the format prescribed in Federal
Acquisition Regulation Subparts 12, 15 and 37, supplemented with additional
information in this notice. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONSTITUTES THE ONLY SOLICITATION;
PPROPOSALS ARE BEING REQUESTED.

Set Aside: Total Small Business

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 531

Contact Details: 3001 Coolidge Road Sutie 200 East Lansing, Michigan 48823

Point of Contact(s): Karen D. Cooper, Contract Program Manager
karend.cooper@mi.usda.gov Phone: 517-324-5203


LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             648 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Vallejo Times Herald (California)

                           November 19, 2009 Thursday

What you should know about Section 8

BYLINE: Published By Times Herald

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 981 words


A recent letter in the the Times-Herald suggested that getting rid of Section 8
housing would increase the health of the city. After reading this
recommendation, I felt that it was time to share some facts about Section 8.

Section 8 refers to all of the programs authorized under Section 8 of the United
States Housing Act of 1937, as amended by the Quality Housing and Work
Responsibility Act of 1998. In Vallejo, two very different Section 8 programs
exist, both authorized under this act.

In the first type of program, the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development (HUD) contracts directly with the owner of an apartment building to
provide affordable housing. This type of Section 8 program is also known as
multi-family housing, or project-based Section 8.

The property is owned and managed by private companies or nonprofit
organizations, and the city and Housing Authority do not receive any money from
HUD for the management or administration of the project. There are seven
multifamily properties in Vallejo listed in HUD's portfolio; four of which are
senior projects and three are family projects. These properties include Marina
Towers, Marina Vista, and Casa de Vallejo. All the multi-family properties in
Vallejo are listed on HUD's Web site. HUD provides a Multi-family Housing
Complaint Line, (1-800-685-8470), to assist in identifying owners and managers
who are not properly maintaining their properties.

The city of Vallejo, Housing Authority, or the Redevelopment Agency has provided
funding to multifamily Section 8 properties, or other, non-Section 8, multi-unit
properties, in order to finance their construction or acquisition. Why would the
city do this? There are several reasons, including government mandates, the
needs of the community, and a civic understanding that affordable housing
promotes successful societies.

The Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG) is tasked with implementing the
Regional Housing Needs Allocation (RHNA). RHNA is a state-mandated process for
determining how many housing units, including affordable units, each community
must plan to accommodate. ABAG recently completed a housing survey which is
available on its Web site: www.abag.org. The survey shows that local
jurisdictions such as Fairfield and Vacaville have provided more cumulative
affordable housing than Vallejo, although their populations are smaller than
that of Vallejo's. Fairfield, for example, has 2,457 rent restricted affordable
housing units, and a population estimate of 105,332, while Vallejo has 1,015 in
its rent-restricted affordable inventory, with a population estimate of 113,938.

The Redevelopment Agency is required by the state to set aside 20 percent of tax
increment revenues in a housing fund to help finance of the preservation,
improvement, or production of affordable housing. Affordable housing, in this
sense, is defined a housing that will be affordable to persons of very-low, low,
or moderate incomes.

The second type of Section 8 program operating in Vallejo is the Housing Choice
Voucher (HCV) program. This program is funded by HUD, and administered by City
Housing Authority staff. The HCV program enables very-low income families,
elderly persons, and the disabled to rent privately owned homes or apartments
wherever they choose. This type of program eliminates the concentration of
low-income families in one location. All adult program participants are required
to come to the Housing Authority at least once per year to certify their income
and family composition. HUD provides electronic systems designed to catch
families who attempt to commit fraud. Each of the privately owned housing units
in the program is inspected at least annually. The Housing Authority has the
authorization to ban landlords who have a history of non-compliance with program
rules and regulations, and regularly terminate the assistance of tenants for
program fraud or non-compliance. Program violations should be reported in
writing to the Housing Authority.

The HCV program also features a Family Self Sufficiency and Homeownership
program, which allows Housing Authority staff to encourage families to move
beyond public assistance. Currently, 42 percent of assisted HCV families receive
SSI income, 35 percent receive Social Security benefits, and 64 percent receive
wages or non-wage income. (The percentage exceeds 100 percent because many
people receive income from multiple sources).

Eliminating Section 8 or affordable housing in Vallejo will not eliminate the
need for it. The 2000 U.S. Census indicated that 7,897 Vallejo families received
an annual income of $34,999 or less. In 2000, the low-income limit (80 percent
of the area median income) was set at $42,650 for a family of four. The 2000
census also showed that 7.5 percent of renters were paying more than 30 percent
of their income toward rent and utilities, and 33.9 percent of renters were
paying 35 percent or more of their income for rent and utilities. Families who
pay more than 30 percent of their income for housing are considered cost
burdened by HUD, and may have difficulty affording necessities such as food,
clothing, transportation and medical care.

A successful community balances the needs of all of its citizens. Low-income
people have always lived in Vallejo. Supplying them with safe and affordable
housing enables them to focus on other issues such as participating in their
children's education, returning to school themselves, or obtaining better
employment.

Finally - a response to the gentleman who stated that Emeryville is flourishing
because they have eliminated their Section 8 programs. Emeryville has had much
success, but they have 95 HCV units, one multifamily Section 8 project, and a
public housing program, with a population of 6,882 according to the 2000 U.S.
Census.

Melinda Nestlerode
Housing and Community Development Manager
City of Vallejo

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 The Times-Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             649 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Santa Cruz Sentinel (California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 5, 2015 Wednesday

Santa Cruz County master plan for housing calls for diversified units

BYLINE: Samantha Clark, Santa Cruz Sentinel, Calif.

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 427 words


Aug. 05--SANTA CRUZ -- Santa Cruz County is updating its master plan for
housing, which describes the current market as a crisis. The document, which is
more of a policy guide than binding blueprint, calls for the diversifying of the
housing stock, emphasizing smaller and more affordable units.

"It's really a matter of supply," said Planning Department Director Kathy
Previsich. "There simply isn't enough housing and that has consequences on our
community."

The Board of Supervisors on Tuesday held a public hearing for the so-called
housing element of the county general plan. Planning staff proposed updates to
the county code, which include allowing for higher density and taller buildings
and making the building permit process easier to navigate.

They also want to focus on making it easier to build multi-family housing units,
accessory dwelling units, agriculture employee housing and mixed-use
development. The county, confined geographically, has limited urban land to
develop.

Though this direction has drawn the ire of NIMBY residents who are suspicious of
the county welcoming developers, it also represents a shift in the county's
decades-old "Don't build it, and they won't come" policies.

"Well they've come, and we have a lot of catching up to do," said Supervisor
Bruce McPherson.

Housing advocates applauded the Planning Department's work and offered
additional ways to fast-track and build on the new ideas, such as using task
forces for assistance and prohibiting accessory dwelling units from being used
as short-term or vacation rentals.

The Board of Supervisors is expected to approve a final plan later this year.

"Either we're willing to make a difference or not," said Supervisor Zach Friend.
"I think the Board of Supervisors needs the community to understand that there
needs to be changes. I'm all in favor of the changes that you're making and
quite frankly, I don't think it goes far enough."

State law requires the county to renew the housing element every seven years to
reflect population projections.

The county has to find room for an additional 1,314 units for various income
levels. That number is the expected growth from 2014 to 2023 in the
unincorporated area, but it doesn't represent the overall housing need.

That's why the county says it's taking a more holistic approach and working to
remove unnecessary governmental constraints to housing.

___ (c)2015 the Santa Cruz Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) Visit the Santa Cruz
Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) at www.santacruzsentinel.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150805-QC-Santa-Cruz-County-master-plan-for-housing
-calls-for-diversified-units-0805-20150805

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QC


                       Copyright 2015 Santa Cruz Sentinel


                             650 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Orland Press Register (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 23, 2010 Friday

City joins group in project

BYLINE: Rick Longley, Orland Press Register, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 422 words


Apr. 23--The Orland City Council approved an agreement for grant funding from
the HOME Investment Partnership to pay for a portion of an affordable housing
community in Orland.

This action allows the developers of the proposed Paigewood Village apartment
complex to move forward with their request for American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act money, city officials said.

However, it does put the city's financial interest in the project farther back
in line for payback of the loan, City Manager Paul Poczobut Jr. said this week.

The city will be the second lien-holder, while the California Tax Credit
Allocation Committee holds the first deed of trust, according to the agreement.

Orland is providing about $1.9 million in California Community Development Block
Grant money to pay for infrastructure for the project which is a 73-unit,
multi-family complex to be built off Highway 32.

This money would cover costs associated with bringing water, sewer and power
into the project to be accessed through the Linwood Subdivision behind Uncle
Chong's Restaurant, and across the street from the Butte College Annex.

Paigewood Village is to offer two- to four-bedroom apartments to a wide range of
income levels, Councilman Bruce Roundy said.

The rental payments may be subsidized, he said, based on the tenants' incomes,
but it will not be strictly for low-come clients.

Poczobut and grants administrator Janet Wackerman visited another apartment
complex built by the same developer, Pacific West Communities, earlier this
month in Oroville.

They said that development offered a community recreation room, swimming pool,
playground and other amenities similar to what would be put in up here.

Wackerman added a similarly funded complex currently in Orland has been well run
and maintained, and the city monitors its units with yearly inspections and
reviews the rental payments to make sure tenants are not under- or overcharged.
That practice will be done with Paigewood as well.

The overall project cost is estimated at $19 million, city officials said.

Contact Rick Longley at 934-6800 or rlongley@tcnpress.com

To see more of the Orland Press Register or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.orland-press-register.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Orland Press Register,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100423-YI-City-joins-group-in-project-0423

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YI


                      Copyright 2010 Orland Press Register


                             651 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             July 28, 2015 Tuesday

Oil company gives $5 million for housing

BYLINE: AMY DALRYMPLE Forum News Service

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 498 words


WILLISTON - XTO Energy announced Monday a $5 million donation that will help
provide affordable housing for teachers, police and other essential personnel in
three of the state's busiest oil communities.

The oil company's contribution to North Dakota's Housing Incentive Fund will
support four housing projects in Williston, Watford City and Killdeer. Half of
the 287 multi-family units are targeted for low-income residents or employees of
cities, counties, medical facilities, school districts or law enforcement.

XTO, a subsidiary of ExxonMobil with more than 100 employees in North Dakota,
selected which housing projects would receive the funds.

"This initiative will provide housing assistance where it's needed most," Tim
McIlwain, senior vice president for XTO, said Monday during a check presentation
in Williston.

XTO is now the largest contributor to the Housing Incentive Fund, a program
created in the 2011 legislative session that provides low-cost financing to
developers of affordable multi-family housing. Individuals and businesses who
contribute to the fund receive a dollar-for-dollar state income tax credit.

Gov. Jack Dalrymple, who attended the event Monday, noted that the communities
receiving the funds are some of the fastest growing in the nation.

"You can't keep up with that pace of growth unless you make it possible for
people to stay in their community, continue to live there, even if they're not
making a high salary thanks to our boom in oil and gas," Dalrymple said.

In Watford City, there continues to be a shortage of affordable housing for
teachers, said Katie Walters, property manager of the Wolf Run Village II
project, one of the projects benefiting from the funds.

Walters said monthly rent of $1,600 for a one-bedroom apartment is the most
affordable permanent housing she's aware of in Watford City.

"Rent is starting to come down a little bit, but it's still out of reach for
essential workers," Walters said.

Affordable housing continues to be key for recruiting firefighters and
paramedics to Williston, said Williston Fire Chief Jason Catrambone. One of his
employees recently moved into a housing unit supported by a previous Housing
Incentive Fund grant, he said.

Legislators authorized $30 million in income tax credits for the fund for the
2015-17 biennium.

To date, $10.7 million has been raised, said Jolene Kline, executive director
for the North Dakota Housing Finance Agency, which administers the fund.

The funds from XTO will support four townhomes in Killdeer, all for city
employees. The other projects selected are Wolf Run Village II, 20 units,
Watford City Apartments, 77 units, and Williston Station Apartments, 186 units.

The proposed monthly rents for the projects range from $375 for low-income
residents to between $900 and $1,575 for essential workers, Kline said. The
projects have a 15-year rent restriction, so residents of the affordable units
will have stable prices, she said. Other units in the building will be market
rents.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             652 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                          December 24, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Metro Edition

AFTER THE BURNSVILLE FIRE;
The apartment complex was exempt from having a sprinkler system because of its
age. Retrofitting old buildings is cost-prohibitive.

BYLINE: CHAO XIONG, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 717 words


The lack of sprinkler systems in the Burnsville apartment complex that burned
Monday is common in hundreds of apartment buildings across the metro and the
state.

"I would say with a fair amount of certainty that there are more (apartment
buildings) without sprinklers than there are with," said Jon Nisja, a fire code
and data supervisor with the Minnesota State Fire Marshal's office.

The Burnsville structure, built in 1969, was exempted along with other existing
multi-family dwellings when a new fire code was adopted in 1989. The code
requires new apartment buildings with three or more stories or more than 16
units to have sprinkler systems, Nisja said.

Few states had far-reaching fire codes until the 1970s, when the federal
government issued a landmark report strongly urging the adoption of fire and
building codes. Until then, only high-risk buildings -- including hospitals,
schools and theaters -- were governed by safety codes.

By all accounts, the three-level, 64-unit Burnsville complex, Burncliff
Apartments, owned by the Goodman Group, was in compliance with city and state
codes. Monday's fire left more than 100 homeless.

The effectiveness of sprinklers in preventing injuries and serious damage from
fires was addressed in a 2005 report by the National Fire Protection
Association. It concluded that fires in apartment buildings with sprinklers saw
81 percent fewer deaths and nearly half the monetary damages of those without
sprinklers. In Minnesota, statistics collected by the state since 2000 are even
more dramatic, showing a tenfold difference in deaths by fire between
multi-family housing with sprinklers and buildings without them.

However, efforts in Minnesota to retrofit old buildings have stalled due to the
high cost.

There was an attempt in the mid-1990s to require sprinklers in all high-rise
office and apartment buildings. Mid- or low-rise buildings, such as the
Burncliff Apartments, that were already grandfathered would have remained
exempt, Nisja said.

Gov. Arne Carlson vetoed the proposal in 1995 because legislators hadn't
included a plan to finance the work. Nisja estimated that retrofitting all of
the state's old apartment buildings with sprinklers could cost billions of
dollars.

Since then, there has been little interest in retrofitting apartment buildings
of any size, said Chip Halbach, executive director of the Minnesota Housing
Partnership.

"It's because the cost would be passed along to tenants," Halbach said. "We
already have hundreds and hundreds of tenants in the state paying half of their
salary to rent."

About four years ago, leaders at the Minnesota Housing Partnership decided
against calling for the retrofitting of older buildings used for public housing.

"It's a tough call for reasons that the Burnsville fire made clear, but it's
also hard to keep public housing affordable," Halbach said.

Nisja said that all landlords have been required to install fire alarm systems
since 1983. Tenants were alerted to Monday's fire by the building's alarm, and
no one was hurt.

But others have died in fires where a building had alarms but no sprinklers.

In 2000, a 74-year-old woman died in her Hopkins high-rise, which was built
before sprinklers were required. The fire started after the woman smoked in her
bed.

In 2002, a fire caused $1.2 million in damage and displaced 50 residents at
Edina's Wallingford apartments, also built before the 1989 code. The fire chief
said a sprinkler system would have likely isolated the blaze to one unit.

Some housing advocates remain convinced that sprinklers are a necessary addition
to save lives.

"This is where people live. These are human lives,'' said Cynthia Finley,
director of Damiano's Housing Access in Duluth. "You can't put a price on that."

Chao Xiong - 612-673-4391


SPRINKLERS
Multi-family housing with sprinkler systems have seen
fewer serious fires, fewer deaths and fewer injuries, according to
data from the past seven years collected by the state

                       No sprinklers      With sprinklers
NUMBER OF FIRES          3,508             575
DOLLAR LOSS              $114,335,715      $10,791,578
AVERAGE LOSS PER FIRE    $32,593           $18,768
INJURIES                 375               45
DEATHS                   43                4


Source: Minnesota Fire Incident Reporting System, 2000-2007.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHART
PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             653 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Chapel Hill Herald (Durham, N.C.)

                             March 15, 2015 Sunday

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 608  words


CHAPEL HILL - The town of Chapel Hill continued its discussions about affordable
housing this week with its third session - this one focusing on what affordable
housing really costs the town.

Loryn Clark, executive director of the town's office of housing and community,
said there are 14 affordable developments throughout the community and one in
Carrboro. Overall, she said, there are 336 affordable units managed by the town
that represent a mix of single- and multi-family homes.

The town also tries to support homeowners and renters by providing repairs or
rental deposits when necessary.

The first public housing units were created from 1967 to 1980, Clark said. Since
then, the town and the county has taken many steps toward long-term
affordability, such as establishing an affordable housing fund and creating the
Orange County Home Consortium so the county would be eligible to receive federal
HOME funds.

See conversation/page 3

Since 2003, Clark said, the town has spent $31,334,973 in federal and local
funds on affordability efforts. The majority of this has been spent on
developing rental options.

Clark said town employees have learned many things throughout their work on
affordable housing.

They've found that giving people choices in affordable housing is important, she
said. Although regulations for development put in place by the town are helpful,
she said, subsidies are still necessary.

Another major factor is that federal funds are decreasing, leaving localities to
come up with creative strategies for affordability.

Current town efforts include the newly established office of housing and
community, strong community partnerships and a focus on the connection between
affordable housing and the transit system.

Michelle Winters of the Urban Land Institute in Washington, D.C. said affordable
housing is important not only for the health and education of those who live in
the units, but also for the economy as a whole.

She said a 50-unit building has an economic impact of $8.6 million because it
creates jobs and brings people to the area.

She also pointed out that a community benefits by allowing workers who serve
that community to also live there.

Winters said that although in technical terms, affordable housing and workforce
housing are separated - affordable housing is inhabited by those who make less
than 60 percent of the median income, whereas workforce housing is inhabited by
those who make 60 to 120 percent of the median income - these technicalities
shouldn't make a difference when affordable housing is such a widespread
problem.

Half of all renters are cost-burdened, or paying more than 30 percent of their
income for rent, she said.

"Affordable housing is for everybody," she said. "Everyone needs to live in
housing that is affordable."

She said that localities can do more to encourage affordable housing, such as
offering developers tax incentives or using new investment tools such as housing
trust funds.

Any development runs into barriers when it comes to cost, Winters said. These
barriers include unit size, amenity requirements and parking requirements.

But some of these barriers, she said, can be flexible.

"If we're looking forward to a more transit-oriented future, a more walkable
future, a more shared economy, then we don't need as much parking as we once
did," she said.

Dwight Bassett, economic development officer for the town, wrapped up the
session with a question and answer session, also inviting attendees or those
viewing at home to write in to share their comments and questions.

The final session, to be held April 9, will focus on recommendations and
strategies for affordable housing.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             654 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                   November 8, 1997, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

Greystone takes aim at new market: David Podmore says his company will take on
expensive condos and industrial sites, but won't turn its back on affordable
housing.

BYLINE: SUSAN BALCOM, SUN NEW HOMES REPORTER; VANCOUVER SUN

SECTION: HOME; Pg. E1 / Front

LENGTH: 886 words


Greystone Properties Ltd., the developer with a reputation for building
affordable multi-family housing, is broadening its portfolio to include
expensive condos and industrial sites.

But company president David Podmore says Greystone won't abandon its original
mandate -- the directors of the pension funds that own the company wouldn't want
it any other way.

"Our core business will always be housing, both rental and for sale," says
Podmore, who offers the huge Collingwood Village development in East Vancouver,
with its mix of rental and sale units, as an example of a typical Greystone
development.

While still committed to building residential communities that contain a mix of
housing types, Greystone is also expanding.

These days, you'll find the company's billboards outside some rather high-end
residential projects.

There's the impressive SeaStar, for example, a concrete tower being built on
Pacific Street (at Burrard) in downtown Vancouver. And The Carlings (at Arbutus
Walk) on the city's west side.

The SeaStar, which is already 80 per cent sold, includes two-bedroom units that
start at $ 265,900 and two-bedroom and den "sub-penthouses" for $ 419,900.

The building offers an English Bay view and frills like a private business
centre with an executive board room, a fitness centre and a residents' club for
entertaining.

Greystone has also moved on to the industrial side of the tracks, developing a
64-acre business park in North Vancouver and a 100-acre site on Mitchell Island.
As well, the company recently managed construction of a new harbor-front theatre
and civic parkade in Nanaimo.

"We're trying to diversify the company a bit to give it stability, long-term,"
Podmore says. "That, to us, means being in more than one business."

Greystone Properties was incorporated in 1989 -- at a time when government and
citizens were concerned that too many rental units in Vancouver were being lost
as old buildings were torn down to make way for new condominiums.

The original partnership included the City of Vancouver, the province of B.C.,
unionized labour, pension funds and private corporations.

In 1992, Greystone became fully owned by union and management pension funds.
(Government involvement is now limited to a subsidiary company, VLC Leaseholds,
that owns rental buildings completed before 1992.)

With assets in excess of $ 300 million, Greystone ranks among the top three
developers in the province, along with Polygon Group Ltd. and Bosa Development
Corp.

"The (first) mandate is to generate a return on the pension capital," Podmore
says. "The second is to be contributing in some way in the community to
development. That is one reason we will continue to be a builder of rental
housing."

Another positive spinoff, he says, is the creation of local employment.
Greystone's projects are built entirely with union workers. Although they are
generally better paid than their non-union counterparts, Podmore says the extra
labour costs are balanced by efficiency and the finished product is
competitively priced.

Sid Landolt, president of Milborne Real Estate Corp., which is marketing the
SeaStar project, says the strong financial backing Greystone enjoys gives the
developer a clear advantage.

Most others depend on banks to lend them enough money to start construction, and
banks will only enter a deal when the developer can show enough buyer interest
to make the project a sales success.

Pre-selling has become a pre-requisite to financing. At the same time, many
consumers are wary of agreeing to purchase a unit that won't be completed for
another two years.

Able to avoid this financial hoop-jumping, Greystone steams ahead, averaging 800
units a year. Rentals account for about 25 per cent of that number.

Many of the rental buildings will also be managed by Greystone -- another
example of how the company stands apart from its competition.

"A lot of (developers) are looking for the more immediate return," Podmore says.
"One of the distinctions at Greystone is that the shareholders, and all of us,
are focussed on building up a company that holds a lot of assets. We're willing
to take a longer view. A lot of people in the business don't want to hold
properties. They'd like to sell them and get their profit out. We're not in that
same business."

In Vancouver, Greystone is currently marketing $ 164 million worth of new
residential product. Projects include:

SeaStar, 1003 Pacific (at Burrard);105 condo apartments; completion: Nov. '97

The Carlings at Arbutus Walk, West 12th Avenue, between Arbutus and Yew; 100
one-, two- and three-bedroom homes; completed Sept. '97

The Mozaiek at Arbutus Walk, corner Vine Street and West 12th Ave.; 30 suites
including two-level city-homes; completion: Nov. '98

Ansonia, West 12th. Avenue, between Yew and VineStreet; 81 two-level homes;
completion Nov. '98

The Zydeco at Arbutus Walk, Arbutus Street, between West 11th and 12th Avenue;
81 suites, come two-level city-homes with individual garden entries; completion:
spring '99

Emerald Park Place at Collingwood Village, 3500 Vanness Avenue; 208 highrise
condos; completion: Sept. '98

The Centro at Collingwood Village, corner Joyce Street and Vanness Avenue; 127
highrise units; completion Nov. '98.


LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Ian Lindsay, Vancouver Sun / GOING UPSCALE: David Podmore says
diversifying will keep Greystone healthy.

               Copyright 1997 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             655 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                      September 2, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

MCRE, LLC Purchases Residential Portfolio from Diamond J Mgt.

BYLINE: Mountain Classic Real Estate

LENGTH: 309  words


Salt Lake City, UT,  September 02, 2016 --(PR.com)-- MCRE announced today that
is has closed on a $25.3M all-cash purchase of apartment properties from Diamond
J Management. The acquisition includes twenty separate buildings with 381
multi-family residential units located in downtown Salt Lake City and the
historic districts of Ogden, UT. The portfolio consists of a combination of
market rate and affordable housing units. The well-positioned units are centered
within walking distance of top rated shopping, dining and entertainment
amenities. Several of the historic buildings will be renovated in Salt Lake and
Ogden's competitive multi-family market.

"MCRE and its investors are pleased to increase our exposure and add to our
rapidly expanding portfolio in the Utah market," said MCRE's David Phipps. "We
also see a need and are committed to providing quality housing for our
affordable housing community for the working families of Salt Lake City and
Ogden."

Mountain Classic Real Estate, Inc. (MCRE) focuses on value-add investments and
is committed to revitalizing Utah's heritage real estate into a thriving
destination space for major employers, their employees and families. MCRE excels
at identifying upside character-potential buildings, which require
recapitalization or hands-on management, bringing together funding partners, and
employing local design excellence. MCRE's full-service capabilities provide
construction, leasing, and proactive property management services to tenants and
owners along Utah's beautiful Wasatch Front. The result is a historic renovation
with updated mechanical and operating systems and classic character that
augments the tenant's creative energy.

If you would like more information about this topic and other investment
opportunities, please contact David Phipps at 801.332.0755 or email at
dphipps@mcremgt.com

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             656 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           November 10, 2011 Thursday

Hundreds of new apartments being built in Davis County due to high demand

BYLINE: Mike Anderson Deseret News

LENGTH: 381 words


LAYTON ? The real estate market may be in a slump, but parts of Davis County are
experiencing record numbers when it comes to new home construction, with the
demand for new rental homes continually increasing. Developers admit there is
still some risk involved in the real estate market, especially with slow job
growth.

However, hundreds of new apartments are being built around the county. In
Farmington, more than 300 apartments are under construction and about 600 are
being built in Layton. The demand in both cities is at record levels. At Park
Lane Village, construction is in high gear, with developers expecting to open up
the community next March. "Bringing 324 units online at once is a big
undertaking," said developer Ernest Willmore. Willmore hopes to draw people to
the Farmington apartment complex, providing renters with luxury and convenience.
"We're right next to almost a million square feet of retail going up," Willmore
said. "We're at the confluence of Highway 89, the Legacy Freeway and Interstate
15, plus a TRAX station right here." But the Farmington apartment complex is
just one of many similar projects in Davis County. "We're having record requests
for multi-family housing," said Layton economic development administrator Ben
Hart. Hart said the rush to build apartment complexes is bigger than ever as
people look for more affordable housing. "We're definitely seeing the housing
dynamic change," Hart said. "A lot of people, whether it's through lifestyle
changes or for other reasons, are choosing to rent as opposed to own." There are
more than 500 units currently under construction or in the permitting process in
Layton, with a few hundred more in the planning stages. But the bottom line is
the developers could have a lot of competition, even if more people are looking
to rent during a rough real estate market. "The economy makes us nervous, we're
nervous," Willmore said. "We hope that we can fill them. We expect to, but we're
still nervous." If the projects are successful, they could bring an economic
surge to struggling areas, but only time will tell. "With the economy being as
bad as it is, it's really hard to know." Most neighborhoods take about three to
five years to build, whereas an apartment complex takes about one of two years.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             657 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      November 2, 1999 Tuesday 2D EDITION

Housing proposal opposed Affordable plan sparks another Dougco dispute

BYLINE: By Jason Blevins, Denver Post Staff Writer,

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-01

LENGTH: 1041 words


CASTLE ROCK - A group of neighbors has united to fight a  proposed apartment
complex near its community - blunting yet  another effort to bring affordable
housing to Douglas County.

When word of a proposed 324-unit apartment complex reached  the residents of
Province Center, a small neighborhood in north  Highlands Ranch, they quickly
hired consultants, a lawyer and  launched a campaign of signs and Web sites to
stop the proposed  project, which would require rezoning from commercial to
multi-residential.

It's becoming a common obstacle in the effort to bring  affordable housing into
Douglas County, where the average rent for  a one-bedroom apartment is more than
$ 1,000, highest in the metro  area.

Business leaders here are struggling to retain workers who  either pay the high
rent - which translates into the need for a  higher wage - or commute from a
neighboring county. County  commissioners have pushed affordable housing up the
proverbial  priority list, but every time a multi-unit project is proposed,
nearby residents raise objections that focus on traffic, crime and  property
values.

'We are in no way opposed to the idea of attainable housing,'  Rolf Abt,
spokesman for the Province Center's Save Our  Neighborhood campaign, said at a
recent group meeting that drew  more than 100 residents. 'This is like changing
horses in  midstream. We did not buy into having our schools overcrowded. We
did not buy into having our roads overcrowded. That's why we are  opposed to
this project.'

Two months ago, developers were forced to table plans for 140  rental apartment
units at a 1,623-acre project north of Lincoln  Avenue between Chambers Road and
Jordan Road.

County commissioners asked the developers to cut the rental  element from the
proposed multi-family complex after dozens of  neighbors gave emotional
testimony about the transient nature of  renters and the project's possible
impact on property values.

Zoning change opposed

Residents of Stonegate, just like those in Province Center,  bought their homes
thinking the empty land to the north would be  used only for commercial
development.

'The land was zoned commercial and we think that's what it  should stay,' said
Jennifer Tinucci, who helped organized the Save  Our Neighborhood campaign.
'They essentially want to put this  high-density project right in the middle of
our neighborhood  without a buffer or anything. We bought into that land being
commercial.'

But commercial development could bring more traffic and a  larger impact than an
apartment complex, said county planner Mark  Knight, who is handling the
proposal for the apartment complex off  the C-470 frontage road.

'You can look at it a couple of ways,' he said. 'They could  build a 7-Eleven
and put in a hospital there. Those would probably  be nastier land uses.

'I can understand the Province Center viewpoint, and we  certainly are not going
to support anything until we see more  details.'

According to the Southeast Business Partnership, a consortium  of public and
private agencies created to address growth issues in  the southeast corridor of
the metro area, 80 percent of the jobs  in the top 50 growth occupations in the
next seven years will pay  $ 20 an hour or less. That figure has prompted the
group to call  for 15,000 new multi-family and single-family homes by 2010.

'A lot of these people can't afford to live near their jobs,'  Pete Neukirk,
president of the Southeast Business Partnership,  said at the unveiling of the
Parker Hilltop Apartments, an  unsubsidized complex targeting moderate-income
workers - the first  of its kind in the county. 'To make sure we have a flexible
and  affordable work force, we need affordable housing and better roads.'

Incentives might help

The county commission, which ultimately will approve or deny  the apartment
complex near the Province Center, recently concluded  a one-year study of the
affordable-housing issues in the county.  Offering incentives to developers is a
possible answer to the  county's lack of housing for its workforce, said
Commissioner  Melanie Worley.

Although bringing attainable housing into the county is high on  the county
commissioners' agenda, changing the public's perception  of affordable housing
has proved the most daunting hurdle.

'This is for everyday people,' Worley said at the Parker  Hilltop unveiling.
'What the public doesn't appreciate is that  we've all lived in affordable
housing.'

Parker Hilltop, a seemingly luxury 456-unit complex where  qualified renters can
pay rents almost $ 300 below the county's  average, is a good step toward
changing the public's image of  affordable housing, said Worley.

'Affordable housing' - or attainable housing as it's now  called - conjures up
images of the 1970s subsidized urban housing  projects that quickly deteriorated
and were ultimately abandoned,  devastating communities.

'I can empathize with people wanting to protect their assets  and not let subpar
housing happen in their neighborhoods,' said  Bill Sullivan of the Rocky
Mountain Mutual Housing Association,  which proposed the rental units near the
Stonegate neighborhood.

'I understand people's point of view. They've worked to buy  their first house
and found the right location they want, but they  have the wrong impression when
they think multiple-family housing  will be subpar and a blight on their
community.'

'Pretty intense' density

Province Center residents agree that affordable housing is  needed for Douglas
County, but they argue that the density  proposed for the apartment complex near
their neighborhood 'is  pretty intense,' said Steve Hebert, a community planner
hired by  the group.

'The real issue here is a very small parcel with a high  density next to a
low-density parcel,' he said, noting that the  proposed plan would place 18
units on one acre, next to the two or  three units per acre in Province Center.
'I think it's legitimate  for these homeowners to expect some predictability in
terms of the  zoning near their homes.'


LOAD-DATE: November 02, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  The Denver Post/Cindy Enright Paying rent

                        Copyright 1999 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             658 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                           September 19, 2004 Sunday

RUFINA REHAB

BYLINE: BOB QUICK, PHOTO BY STEVE BABULJAK

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D-1

LENGTH: 1409 words


LONGTIME DERELICT PROJECT ON THE WAY

TO BECOMING MUCH NEEDED AFFORDABLE HOUSING

A Rufina Street condominium project that morphed into what was planned as a
low-income rental development but then was abandoned for years and damaged in a
fire will soon be reborn as condominiums.

The project, on a 3-acre lot at the intersection with Henry Lynch Road, behind
Home Depot, has no name as yet but is being developed by Rufina Lofts, LLC, a
local company that bought the property. It was formerly known as Villa Grande
Apartments and before that as Village Gate Condominiums.

The fact that the project is going to be rebuilt at all is the result of years
of negotiations between bondholders intent on getting back as much as possible
of the $3 million they invested in the development, the bank serving as the
bondholders' trustee, a work-out group hired by the bank to find a construction
lender, a Dallas insurance company and a Santa Fe construction company called
Industrial Constructors.

And even now there are risks that the condominiums will not be completed on time
or budget and that the units will not be sold at the prices that will be asked,
a letter from the bondholders' trustee, US Bank, warned. Still, "no other
alternative was judged superior to return a greater recovery to bondholders,''
the letter said.

Jerry Powers, president of Industrial Constructors, is confident the
rehabilitation and sale of the condos will go ahead as planned.

"We will have some units to sell within 90 days," he said. "We expect to
complete the project within 1.5 years."

Powers said the two-bedroom units will sell for about $130,000, while the
three-bedroom apartments will be in the $150,000 range.

A neighborhood activist and Agua Fría Village resident, Olivia Tsosie, who has
long complained about the derelict project, said she was pleased renovation is
finally moving forward.

"It kind of looked like the Bronx and it increased the slum aura around there,"
she said. "I think it's wonderful that it's going to be rehabbed."

Powers said the development originally had 11 buildings with four units each.
One of those buildings burned down and will be rebuilt with the final four units
for a total of 44.

The units, some of which were built in 1995, are "structurally sound," although
structural improvements are being made to those buildings in which the interior
was exposed to the elements, Powers said. "We will fix whatever needs to be
fixed."

He added: "Everything has been reviewed by a structural engineer. We will add
courtyard areas, patios and decks." There also will be covered parking.

The addition of 44 condos to the city's housing stock received positive comments
from Mike Loftin, executive director of Homewise, a housing-assistance group.

"It's good someone is salvaging that project," he said. "It's a blight, and it's
been like that for a long time. I would like to see it less expensive, but given
where (Santa Fe real-estate) prices are now, it's not a bad deal."

In addition, the new development is "not taking apartments out of the rental
market," as has the recent condoization of such former apartment complexes as
Tierra de Zia, Zia Vista, Shadowridge (now The Reserve at Santa Fe) and Dos
Santos, Loftin said. "The fact that someone is ready to grapple" with a new
multifamily project "is good. It's all addition -- no subtraction."

Sharron Welsh of Santa Fe Community Housing Trust said her organization looked
at the project a couple of years ago with the idea of buying it for affordable
housing.

"But the debt was greater than the value in the ground," she said, and no deal
could be made.

The new condos will be sold through J.R. Ortiz at his Realty World-Enchanted
City Realty, a Santa Fe firm.

Former Santa Fe developer Paul Lokash started it all off in 1995 with a project
he called Village Gate Condominiums. Lokash built four units that he tried to
sell at prices ranging from $100,000 to $110,000. The original plan called for
15 buildings with 30 units.

Lokash later abandoned the project, Powers said, and another developer, Orlando
Montoya, formed Villa Grande Limited Partnership to take over the property.

Montoya approached the state Mortgage Finance Authority and tried to do a
low-income, tax-credit development. "We turned him down," said Jim Stretz,
former director of the MFA, now with the Arizona Family Housing Trust in
Scottsdale.

Montoya later turned to Santa Fe County with a request for $3 million in
multi-family housing revenue bonds, which the county authorized. The underwriter
for those bonds was Southern Financial Group.

(Although Santa Fe County authorized the bonds, it was not responsible for them
in any way.)

Individual investors bought the bonds, along with the tax credits that went with
them. Interest on the bonds was to be paid quarterly, and all the bonds were to
be redeemed by 2016. All of those payments and the final redemption of the bonds
presumed that Montoya would use the bond proceeds to build the apartments and
rent them out.

But it didn't happen that way.

Montoya's company defaulted on the bonds and later filed for Chapter 11
bankruptcy, leaving the bondholders and the investors who bought the tax credits
for the property in the lurch. Southern Financial also went broke.

That didn't surprise George Strickland, who runs the municipal bond portfolio at
Thornburg Investment Management in Santa Fe. "I remember that the project was
shopped around institutionally for a while," he said. "But no one wanted to
touch it. It was too speculative for us."

Strickland has no regrets that he didn't invest in the project. "'To me, it was
an accident waiting to happen," he said. "The project should serve as a warning
to investors who don't know how to evaluate a deal."

The failed project in August 2000 was taken over by a trustee, US Bank, which
engaged the services of Pivot Capital Group, a financial consultant, to help
bondholders try to recover some of the money they had invested in the condo
development.

At that time, the bonds were quoted at just 20 cents on the dollar and, as a
letter to bondholders from Pivot put it, "this matter looked pretty bleak in our
opinion. The project was uncompleted and 'red-tagged' by the city for code
violations. The underwriting firm was in bankruptcy. The assets of the
underwriting firm ... were controlled by an SEC trustee, and the partnership
entity that owned the project quickly moved for bankruptcy protection."

Following prolonged negotiations, however, US Bank and Pivot were able to gain
control of the unfinished project and considered selling it as it stood. The
problem was that the unfinished condos would probably have only resulted in a
recovery of 14 cents on the dollar for bondholders.

"Following investigation and consideration of options, we opined the highest
value to bondholders would most likely be generated from a completed project," a
report from Pivot said.

Among the reasons for that, the report said, was that there was "a real need for
the finished project in the Santa Fe market. In addition," a finished project
might be able to service new bonds."

More negotiations resulted in an agreement to sell the Villa Grande assets to
Rufina Lofts, a limited liability company, put together by Jerry Powers,
president of Industrial Constructors in Santa Fe. No new bonds were involved in
the transaction.

According to a letter to bondholders from US Bank, the informal bondholder
committee delivered to the trustee the approvals of the sale from bondholders
who held $1.9 million or about 66 percent of the $3 million in bonds
outstanding. The bondholders who owned the other 34 percent of the bonds did not
formally consent to the deal. But none of the bondholders objected to it.

After that approval, bondholders received $1 million as a ''default distribution
of principal,'' representing 29 percent of the amount of principal (bonds) held
by bondholders.

The $1 million bondholders received came from a construction loan for the condo
project of $3.5 million from Liberty Bankers Life Insurance Co., a Dallas-based
insurance company. The rest of the loan will be used to rebuild the project.

The remaining money bondholders expect to receive -- about $1 million -- will
come after the first 29 condos have been sold and the $3.5 million construction
loan has been paid off. The total recovery for bondholders is estimated to be
about 60 cents on every dollar they invested. They received nothing in the
accrued interest payments due them.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 1. Jerry Powers, president of Industrial Constructors, says he will
have some condos to sell within three months. He expects the project to be
completed within 18 months. Powers said units will sell for between $130,000 and
$150,000.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The New Mexican


                             659 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                  May 17, 2015

It's time to move beyond the rental stereotypes

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE

LENGTH: 1157 words


Last week's National Economic and Social Council (NESC) report, Ireland's
Private Rental Sector: Pathways to Secure Occupancy and Affordable Supply, is
the latest in a series of reports by the council on housing in Ireland. Previous
reports have focused on the owner-occupier and social housing sectors.

The report moved the debate on housing beyond the polarised arguments of renting
versus buying, or landlord versus tenant, and recognised that joined-up reform
to encourage security for tenants and promote investment by landlords would
benefit both parties more than piecemeal reform.

There are three tenure types that make up housing in Ireland. Social housing,
owner-occupancy and the private rented sector. The latter is the most neglected.
Yet, the issues facing the rental sector are similar to those in the rest of the
housing market - a lack of supply and barriers to new development.

Ireland has long considered itself a nation of home owners and statistics have
backed this up. Home-ownership has been encouraged to promote economic stability
and security. The interests of tenants and landlords have often taken second
place to the interests of home owners and a false imagery has emerged about the
rental sector, with participants being characterised as accidental landlords and
reluctant renters.

The NESC has uncovered a new narrative and showed that the interests of tenants
(stable, predictable rent, security of tenure) and landlords (regular,
sufficient income, low regulatory costs, incentives for investment) can be
reconciled. Tenants need a choice of places to live, and landlords need tenants
who will pay their rent. Neither want conflict; both want high standards of
accommodation.

The NESC proposes the promotion of longer leases and mechanisms to limit the
frequency and degree of rent adjustment within tenancies. Both currently exist
in rental legislation; rents can only be revised annually, and cannot be higher
than prevailing rents. There is nothing to stop current landlords and tenants
agreeing longer leases but, as with so much of Irish property law, it is complex
and poorly understood.

NESC sees these measures, rather than    rent control of a traditional kind   as
a way of helping tenants by making their future occupancy and rents more
predictable. These should be balanced with a    coherent set of
supply-supporting measures   for landlords to promote investment in new
properties and the upkeep of existing properties.

Whatever form of limit on rents within tenancies is introduced, both sides will
require it to be transparent, understandable, equitable and fair.

NESC stated:    We need policies that both provide tenants with more secure
occupancy and create supply-side supports to increase the availability of
affordable rental housing.

The Private Residential Tenancies Board (PRTB) needs more resources so that it
can properly educate tenants about their rights and responsibilities and
speedily resolve problems in tenancies. Looming problems regarding unpaid rent,
the retention of deposits and liability for outstanding water charges are going
to get worse, and the PRTB needs to be ready to cope with them. The only
beneficiaries of an under-resourced PRTB are unscrupulous landlords and
delinquent tenants.

During the last few years, and in line with Europe, Ireland has become a nation
of tenants. The 2011 census showed that one in five households was renting.
Migrants and returning Irish have tried renting in other countries and seek it
out in Ireland. Tenants are urban-based, have high demands for the quality of
their accommodation and are generally keen to keep renting. The NESC report
repeated earlier findings by the SCSI and the PRTB that the preponderance of the
reluctant renter   is smaller than many imagined. Given the opportunity to do
so, many will happily continue to rent.

As this growth in demand has occurred, Ireland has only recently benefited from
the sort of wholescale private institutional investment in rental properties
that is normal in North American or European cities. Landlords, as the recent
PRTB report has shown, tend to be small-scale actors, using available buy-to-let
properties as a source of additional income or a place to put small investments.
Unfortunately for many landlords, they are forced to carry the burdens of
taxation which are imposed on all property owners, as well as the regulatory
costs involved with running a business.

The result of this is the growth in encumbered buy-to-let mortgages of which
40,000 are in arrears. This, arguably, has been the cause of the crisis in the
sector. Landlords cannot afford higher costs and, unless rents increase,
one-third of landlords intend to leave the sector causing a lacuna in available
properties. Increasing, the availability of rental accommodation through
promoting investment through tax reform and income relief is therefore vital to
the future of the rental sector.

The cost of housing development and regulations around design, size and
orientation have an impact on cost of providing new housing into the sector and
the rent which is ultimately charged by landlords. The 2014 PRTB/DKM report
showed that 48 per cent of landlords subsidise the rent they charge from other
sources of income.

The improved tax treatment for investors in residential rental properties
proposed by NESC should be positive in creating favourable conditions to
encourage investment in new supply.

This will also help put the finances of many landlords onto a firmer footing
without requiring rents to increase. Many institutional investors will support
the creation of long leases, but its impact on the smaller landlord needs to be
very closely monitored to avoid further flights of investment.

The predicament of small-scale landlords with distressed mortgages has, by
necessity, shaped much of the recent debate on the future of the rental sector.
As institutional players, such as real estate investment trusts, become an
important source of purpose-built, multi-family rental homes, so the debate must
widen to reflect their own investment requirements as professional landlords of
numerous properties. Issues such as securing vacant possession in cases of sale,
enforcement of notice periods in long leases and break clauses - already
provisions in Irish commercial property law - will become issues with which both
residential landlord and tenants (and government, PRTB and other regulators)
must become familiar very quickly.

Whatever eventual form of tenancy is created as a result of the NESC report,
careful attention must be paid to the impact on investment and supply of
property. Moving the debate from setting landlords' interests against tenants'
interests, and promoting investment, is essential to resolving many of the
issues facing tenants.

*Peter Stafford is director of Property Industry Ireland, the Ibec group for
businesses working in the Irish property and construction sectors*

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Post Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             660 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                            January 16, 2009 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Langford cuts fees to encourage building; Mayor offers 10-year tax holiday on
low-cost housing, office construction

BYLINE: Bill Cleverley, Times Colonist

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 614  words


Langford plans to waive residential building fees on new housing, and will offer
10-year tax holidays for new government-office construction and rental
accommodation as part of its own economic stimulus package to be announced this
weekend.

"We're looking at ways we can be part of an economic solution," Langford Mayor
Stew Young said in an interview yesterday.

After months of meeting with community leaders, builders, developers and senior
municipal staff, Langford has developed an economic plan Young is expected to
officially unveil at an economic forum the municipality is hosting at Bear
Mountain resort tomorrow.

The package, which Young estimates could be worth more than $2.5 million, will
include an immediate waiving of building permit fees for one year for all new
residential construction, Young said.

"Langford will be one of the first municipalities in Canada that will waive its
building permit fees.

"You will not see a building permit fee on residential or multi-family housing
units," Young said.

Those fees can range between $2,000 and $10,000 a unit, Young said, and could
translate into a revenue loss to the municipality of $600,000 to $800,000.

The municipality will still collect development cost charges which pay for the
likes of utilities, sidewalks and greenspace.

"We've been fortunate because we've got a surplus from the good years -- the
last few years -- so I can afford to do this without raising taxes. It will be
enough to keep the parks and recreation and all the other good things that we're
doing."

Langford plans to offer 10-year tax holidays for new construction of provincial
or federal office space.

A 10-year tax holiday will also be offered to anyone building new rental
accommodation where rents are 10 per cent or more below market value, new
affordable housing or new seniors housing.

Anyone building new office space in the municipality would have to sign a
covenant agreeing never to charge for parking. Langford does not have pay
parking within its boundaries.

Young said locating government office space in the West Shore makes economic and
ecological sense.

He pointed out that approximately 70,000 of the 300,000 people in Greater
Victoria live in the West Shore.

That is one reason, he said, for the area to have 15 to 20 per cent of the
government offices.

"They will make a choice to live in Langford if they have their government job
out here."

Young also wants to see rental, affordable and seniors housing and is also
planning a 10-year tax holiday for its construction.

The mayor said that Langford has a young, energetic blue collar workforce and
the municipality can't afford to sit back and let construction jobs disappear.

"We've got to market Langford. We've got to market what we're doing.

"When you come out to Langford we're going to have a person at the counter who
will help you through the process.

"You don't just get a form and walk away. ... Don't send them away because that
guy might not come back."

Victoria Mayor Dean Fortin said that government and government employees want
office space located in the downtown area.

"For example, when we talk to people in the high-tech industry, they want to be
downtown," he said

While Victoria will examine reducing fees in an effort to promote creation of
affordable housing, Fortin said municipalities have to be careful where they cut
fees --especially fees that are only designed to cover costs.

"You want to be strategic in where you forgive development cost charges,
building permits and tax relief because ultimately we do need to recognize all
of those pay for infrastructure such as sewer, water, parks, roads, cops. You've
got to pay for that," Fortin said.

bcleverley@tc.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2009 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                             661 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 25, 2012 Saturday

Renters face severe housing cost burden in poor economy

BYLINE: Chelsey Levingston, Hamilton JournalNews, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 813 words


Feb. 25--Even as home prices fall, finding affordable housing has become more
difficult for many people as rental rates climb and wages stagnate or slide,
according to national housing experts.

Nearly one in four Americans and one in five Ohioans in working households paid
in 2010 more than half their incomes on housing costs, including rent or
mortgages and utilities, according to a report released Friday by the Center for
Housing Policy, a Washington, D.C., research organization focused on housing
issues.

Rising rental costs is the biggest reason for the increases from 2009 of more
people facing a severe housing burden, according to the housing organization,
which used the most recent Census data available.

Housing costs are considered to be affordable at 30 percent or less of income.

Demand for apartments, townhouses and other rental property is greater than the
supply thanks in part to the housing crisis, which forced many people out of
their homes, said Laura Williams, author of the Center's report.

Home prices fell across the U.S. between 2008 and 2010, the time period of the
study, but incomes of homeowners fell faster, the center said. Renters also saw
their rents rise during that time and their incomes fall.

Wish Village Apartments of Hamilton has an occupancy rate of 97 percent of its
156 units, said Russ Kornman, of the property owner Sundance Property
Management.

"Our occupancy has been improving in the last 12 months significantly," Kornman
said. "A lot of people are losing their homes and they can't afford them and you
know, people get divorced."

In prior years, Wish Village gave concessions to renters, such as one month free
rent, he said. That has stopped in the last 90 days.

The same has happened at Princeton Square Apartments in Hamilton, where
occupancy has increased to 96 to 97 percent, said Property Manager Jillian
Rakes.

"I think more people are just downsizing," Rakes said.

Blake Warenik, spokesman for Center for Housing Policy, said, "Affordable
housing is important to the local economy because without affordable housing,
people cut corners and there's no demand for anything else."

Warenik added, "They don't go out to eat sometimes. There's a lot of economic
repercussions to somebody spending so much on housing."

The amount of U.S. working households paying more than half their income for
housing, including utilities, rose "significantly" to 23.6 percent in 2010 in
the U.S. from 21.8 percent in 2008, the Center for Housing Policy said. Of the
almost 1.7 million people in working households in Ohio, 19 percent in 2010 were
paying more than half their incomes for housing.

In the Cincinnati metro region, which stretches north to Middletown, 18 percent
of a total more than 319,000 working households were strapped monthly to make
their rent or home loan payments, according to the Center.

Ohio's total population in 2010 was about 11.5 million, according to the U.S.
Census Bureau.

The Center for Housing Policy considers working households to have income of no
more than 120 percent of the area median income and work an average of at least
20 hours per week. That means at least one person in a household is working and
the household has low to moderate income, Warenik said.

For example, if the median local income is about $30,000, people making $15,000
to $24,000 are having the hardest time, he said.

"With our current economy where unemployment is still high, renting is an option
that keeps you mobile. If you're renting, it's a lot easier to get out of your
lease to move somewhere that a job might be available," Williams, the report
author said. "A lot of people that have been going through financial problems,
renting is a better option for them right now."

It could be the start of a major shift where more people prefer to rent than
own, she said.

The housing crisis and the improving economy are driving more people to rent,
said Dave Lockard, an investment sales broker for CB Richard Ellis specializing
in multi family housing. CB Richard Ellis says it's the largest commercial real
estate firm in Cincinnati.

"Concern about the liquidity of a home, the concern about values and the concern
about true costs and also the challenges in qualifying for a loan," Lockard
said. "That's a large piece of it and the other is an improving economy will
create more jobs and there will be more household formations."

More household formations means more people moving out on their own, he said.

Cincinnati region apartment occupancy rates increased in December 2011 to 93.1
percent, compared to 91.8 percent December 2010 and 88.4 percent the December
before that, according to CB Richard Ellis.

Contact this reporter at (513) 705-2551 or clevingston@coxohio.com

___ (c)2012 the Hamilton JournalNews (Hamilton, Ohio) Visit the Hamilton
JournalNews (Hamilton, Ohio) at www.journal-news.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120225-HL-Renters-face-severe-housing
-cost-burden-in-poor-economy-20120225

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2012 The Journal-News


                             662 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Journal of Jefferson Parish

                                 April 11, 2008

Growing pains in Kenner

BYLINE: Ariella Cohen

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 779  words


A new Kenner moratorium on the development of multifamily development has put a
spotlight on the sprawling city's uneasy relationship with its growth.

The moratorium, approved by the City Council last week, put a one-year ban on
permits for new construction of housing developments with five or more
apartments. While fair housing advocates, renters and urban planners say the ban
will not solve long-term conflicts over building facing Kenner and could
exacerbate an affordable housing crisis, homeowners applaud the decision.

The rift reflects growing tension between the desires of homeowners and the
strong demand in the region for affordable rental housing.

"You hear people say we don't want any multifamily because there is a perception
that (the buildings) automatically translates to Section 8 tenants, crime or
other problems," said Wendell Dufour, director of the University of New Orleans'
Division of Planning in the Center for Urban and Public Affairs and author of a
Kenner-sponsored 2007 study of one the city's controversial multifamily site.

"A lot of the time it is not multifamily housing that is per se the issue, it is
that the landlords are not properly maintaining the development or some tenants
are not doing what they should be doing," said Dufour.

The ordinance prohibits all building plans for the next year but exempts
developments that received council approval before the law was instated April 3
with a unanimous vote.

Kenner already has an "abundance" of multifamily housing, and it has
"historically imposed unusually high demands on the city's infrastructure," such
as streets, sewerage and drainage, according to the legislation. The impact of
apartment developments on the city's infrastructure must be studied before more
building permits are issued, said council members.

Councilman Joe Stagni described the ordinance as a long-brewing response to
opposition to new apartment developments.

"This is something that our citizens have spoken out very strongly against,"
said Stagni.

The move to block the development of new multifamily housing came after more
than a year of debate over the fate of sites that before Hurricane Katrina
housed hundreds of renters, many of whom qualified for federal aid because of
low or non-existent incomes.

Homeowners in the quiet, tree-lined neighborhood of modest single-family homes
near the 400-unit Redwood Apartment complex at the intersection of West
Esplanade Avenue and Williams Boulevard have been vocal about their opposition
to the redevelopment of the complex. News that the council's vote will keep the
15-acre site an open field of grass for at least another year evoked cheers this
week at Highway Park, a bustling playground around the corner from the vacant
lot.

"The less apartments the better," said Kenner homeowner Ronnie Grassel as he
pushed his 2-year-old daughter in a swing. "I think when you buy a home, you
don't want to see those buildings around. It is what it is. Call it prejudice or
whatever, but it's pretty much the opinion of everyone you talk to. "

Fair housing advocates agree prejudice is at work in Kenner, but that is where
the similarities in view end.

"There is a shortage of affordable rental housing in the region and to ban new
construction will only worsen that," said James Perry, executive director of the
Greater New Orleans Fair Housing Action Center. "Through this ban on multifamily
housing, the Kenner City Council turns a deaf ear to each of its citizens in
need. "

Perry said the ban violates the federal Fair Housing Act, which prohibits
discrimination in the rental or sale of dwelling on he basis of race, color,
national origin, sex or disability.

"Generally, families with children, people with disabilities, African-Americans
and Latinos rely heavily on multifamily housing," said Perry. "As such,
municipalities that have sought to ban the construction of multi-family housing
have been held liable for engaging in illegal housing discrimination. "

The Kenner City Council attempted to pass a similar ordinance in June 2007 but
decided against it after housing advocates argued against it. Instead, the
council ordered the UNO study of the Redwood site.

Meanwhile, renters say that they will make do with the existing apartments on
the market.

"But it's too bad they won't build anymore buildings because some of the ones
that are here are too old," said Juan Buendiaz, a 40-year-old construction
worker who has lived off Loyola Drive on the first floor of a two-story brick
garden apartment building since 2004. "I know I would like to move because the
walls in my building aren't thick enough. Every day at dinner time, I can smell
their onions cooking. "

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             663 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           August 31, 2016 Wednesday

Hospitality center to add New London property to tax-exempt list

BYLINE: Greg Smith, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 698 words


Aug. 31--NEW LONDON -- The New London Homeless Hospitality Center last month
added another multi-family home to its growing inventory of city properties
aimed at housing the city's lowest-income residents.

The strong likelihood the property will enjoy tax-exempt status has caught the
attention of city officials.

The nonprofit homeless hospitality center, which city records show now owns five
multi-family homes, purchased the 195 Williams St. home for $185,000 with plans
for four apartments and a total investment of about $400,000, according to Cathy
Zall, the center's executive director.

The center, with headquarters at 730 State Pier Road, plans to apply for
tax-exempt status, as it has for all of its other properties.

Mayor Michael Passero said the city would take a closer look at the expansion of
the center's practice of purchasing homes, taking them off the tax rolls and
renting them out as a tax-paying landlord might.

Passero said affordable housing is an important issue in the city but so is
supporting city services.

"We have to have a balance," Passero said. "I think it bears a closer look to
find if the tax exempt purpose fits within the spirit of the law."

Tax-exempt status, according to the city tax assessor's office, was granted to
other homeless center holdings because the properties are owned by a nonprofit
and used for transitional housing for homeless clients or, in one case, at 51
Mountain Ave., for homeless veterans.

The purchases will allow the city's lowest-income residents to find decent,
affordable rental units -- an increasingly difficult prospect, Zall said.

There are people on disability living on less than $700 per month along with
other people working part-time who similarly find themselves at the homeless
shelter, she said.

The center's goal is to offer homes with rent in the $300 to $400 per month
range -- well below other market-rate apartments.

"There's very little on the market. As we have the opportunity to buy these
buildings, it helps us find a place for someone who could be trapped in the
shelter for a very, very long time," Zall said.

To purchase the 195 Williams St. home, the center was awarded $300,000 through
the federal Low-Income Housing Tax Credit program of the Connecticut Housing
Finance Authority.

The program is designed to stimulate investment in affordable housing and the
tax credits typically are sold to corporations or investors to raise equity for
a project.

In this case, the credits were purchased by Eversource, Zall said.

Zall said the center used a similar method to purchase and renovate a
four-family home at 73 Broad St. in 2013.

The homeless center also  owns homes at 19 Steward St. and 70 Mountain Ave.

Zall said state funds were not used in all cases.

The 19 Steward St. home was gifted to the center by the First Congregational
Church of Old Lyme. The center took out a loan to purchase the 70 Mountain Ave.
home for $74,000 in 2014.

Passero said he applauds the goals of the homeless hospitality center but said
there are other affordable housing units available in the city with owners who
pay taxes.

"The city is still obligated to provide emergency medical services, police and
fire services, trash pick-up and other city services," he said.

The renovations to the home on Williams Street, opposite Williams Park, will
include lead abatement, a new heating system, painting and siding replacement.

Work crews were on site Tuesday with scaffolding covering the front of the home.

The majority of the lead abatement costs, about $40,000, was covered by the
city's Lead Hazard Reduction Program.

"That building has had very little investment for a very long time," Zall said.
"When it's done, it will be very nice."

Zall said the homeless shelter is an important safety net but not a solution for
the problem of homelessness.

"We really recognize the response to homelessness isn't shelter. It's housing,"
Zall said. "Our mission is to end homelessness and the way to do that is
increase number of people who are housed. This is just one little piece of it."

g.smith@theday.com

___ (c)2016 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160831-NL-Hospitality-center-to-add-New-London-property-to-tax-exempt-list-083
1-20160831

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2016 The Day


                             664 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            November 17, 2013 Sunday

Housing Crisis Hits Home Here;
Renters Face Rising Prices, Fewer Options, Long Waiting Lists - Making It
Difficult To Find Livable Space. Rental Shortage Section 8 Housing Summit

BYLINE: Jeff Hawkes

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1825  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Staff Writer

jhawkes@lnpnews.com

Jessica Castro in September moved herself, her daughter and her son, ages 10 and
9, into a one-bedroom apartment, sacrificing elbowroom to save on rent.

"What I need is a three-bedroom," said Castro, 36, but it wasn't in her budget.
Even two-bedroom units were beyond her means as she worked 40 hours a week plus
a second part-time job.

She now frets over how long her kids will tolerate the tight squeeze.

Thousands of renters across Lancaster County can identify with Castro. They're
priced out of decent, right-sized housing and settle for cramped, substandard
quarters.

Experts warn that the shortage of affordable units is at the point that working
people will leave the county to find a place to live.

Castro, however, doesn't need experts to alert her to a rental crisis. She lives
it.

She sought federal rental assistance, only to be stuck for years on a waiting
list. She applied for an apartment run by a developer of affordable housing only
to be rejected as a credit risk.

And she and her children spent last winter huddling next to space heaters, she
said, because the landlord didn't service the furnace. She didn't call the
housing inspector for fear the property would be condemned and her family turned
out.

"It's so frustrating," Castro said. "I want to pull my hair out."

This story examines the rental shortage through Castro's eyes. But it's not just
parents who struggle. It's also young singles, the disabled, empty nesters
looking to downsize and the elderly on fixed incomes.

The big picture is a rip-roaring landlord's market as occupancy rates exceed 95
percent, according to a housing market analysis for Lancaster Housing
Opportunity Partnership.

Scarcity allows landlords to raise rents and still be choosy. In 2011, the
median rent here was $834, up about 15 percent from 2007. To afford a rent of
$834, a tenant should earn at least $16 an hour. But between 2007 and 2011,
median income slipped.

About 48 percent of renters now pay more than 30 percent of their income for
rent and utilities. They are what the government calls cost-burdened.

Castro, who works in Lititz, settled on a one-bedroom in the city after a
discouraging two-month search that took her to Columbia and Marietta.

She settled on a one-bedroom unit in a hard-used row house in a crowded
neighborhood near the Kunzler & Co. meat plant because the landlord was asking
only $585 a month.

"I'll take it," Castro said, advancing the landlord $100 not to show it to
anyone else.

Her daughter, Aiyana, 10, sleeps on a twin bed in the bedroom. Her brother,
Ashton, 9, sleeps on a trundle that rolls out from under his sister's bed.
Castro, meanwhile, sleeps on a sofa bed in the living room.

"It's not an ideal situation," said Castro, an administrative support worker
making $13.50 an hour. (She's also a part-time notary public for a tag and title
service.) But it was a step up from a mice-infested, budget-busting rental on
the other side of town.

"I'm stuck here for now," Castro said. "I just got to ride it out as best I
can."

A 2012 county planning commission report fails to offer someone in Castro's
situation much hope. It warns that the affordability crisis likely will deepen.

It says the portion of households earning less than 80 percent of area median
income - the 2013 median is $65,600 - is projected to grow from 37.9 percent to
40.5 percent by 2022, an increase of nearly 27,500 households.

That number is like adding two Columbia boroughs.

Six years ago, Castro thought the solution was to apply for a Section 8 housing
choice voucher, a major way the federal government helps the poor afford a roof
over their heads. She would be able to choose any apartment with a reasonable
rent and pay no more than 40 percent of her income towards rent and utilities.
The government covers the rest.

Because she earned less than 50 percent of Lancaster's median income, Castro
qualified. She applied in 2007, crossed her fingers and waited. She's still
waiting.

Frustration spilling over, Castro last June wrote Robert Schellhamer, director
of the city housing authority. She wanted him to hear the "cries and anxiety" of
someone in desperate need.

Schellhamer wrote back, explaining that the waiting list creeps along because
few vouchers turn over and the program is shrinking.

The automatic spending cuts known as the sequester have contributed to the
authority serving about 90 fewer families than its allotment of 1,003.

Months can pass, Schellhamer told Castro, before the person at the head of the
list of about 280 names gets a voucher.

Samantha Arment, who oversees the voucher program for the authority, said she
gets 15 to 20 calls a day from people wanting housing assistance. Most who call
are elderly, disabled or indigent single mothers. Every day, someone tells her
they'll be homeless if they don't get help.

But the authority doesn't expect to take new applications until 2015, when it
finally works it way through the list.

While Castro sits on the city authority's glacial list, renters outside the city
also wait for vouchers. They are on the list kept by the Lancaster County
Housing and Redevelopment Authorities.

It oversees vouchers for 748 households - 22 percent are in Lancaster Township,
16 percent in Columbia, 14 percent in Manheim Township - while more than 700
others are on a waiting list. They've been waiting since July 2007, the last
time applications were taken.

Not a single household on the list was offered a voucher this year. The reason?

"We're having to shrink the program" in the wake of a 4 percent federal cut,
said Matthew Sternberg, the county authorities' executive director.

While she waited for an elusive voucher, Castro tried another avenue for
affordable housing. She applied at Duke Manor Apartments, an 80-unit complex on
Rockland Street owned by Housing Development Corporation MidAtlantic, a
Lancaster-based nonprofit developer.

HDC, which competes for limited federal dollars to build apartments at
below-market-rate rents, scrutinizes prospective tenants and turned down Castro,
citing a poor credit score.

Like any landlord, HDC has a business to run and chooses law-abiding tenants who
pay their bills on time.

"We conduct background checks on every applicant," said Michael Carper, HDC
president and CEO.

"We've built a beautiful product, so we want responsible citizens," said Carper,
speaking in general, not about Castro's application.

Sympathetic about the plight of people looking for a place that fits their
budgets, Carper is proud of HDC's portfolio of 3,181 affordable apartments,
including 1,502 in Lancaster County. He wants to build more, but the obstacles
are great, starting with a dearth of locations near jobs and services and zoned
for multi-family apartments.

"There's clearly a perception that apartments are bad," said Carper, who was
critical of unnamed municipal leaders who throw up roadblocks to affordable
housing.

To call attention to affordability issues, LHOP, the county planning commission
and other organizations sponsored a daylong housing summit last month. Hundreds
of municipal leaders received invitations; only 25 of them attended.

John Bingham, an East Hempfield Township supervisor and a summit attendee, said
he doesn't need to be convinced of the need. He pointed to how a lack of
workforce housing can deter economic development.

"If it's a major industry (looking to build a plant), their first question is
going to be: Where's the workforce and how will they get to my place of
employment?" Bingham said.

Also at the summit, Karen Weibel, president of Lititz Borough Council, said
advocacy is needed to convince the public and many municipal leaders of the need
for more apartments.

"I think there is a mentality amongst many folks that if you are a renter, you
are not as good as a homeowner," Weibel said. "That is, in effect, economic
bigotry."

Some projects do get through the approval process.

Working with Landis Communities and Welsh Mountain Homes, HDC got the OK this
year to develop 36 units of senior housing called Mountain View Terrace in
Salisbury Township.

But HDC has no other Lancaster County projects in the pipeline because sites are
hard to find. Meanwhile, the demand grows. As of Friday, HDC had only four
vacancies among its 1,502 apartments in Lancaster County.

Even when a developer finds a site and gets municipal cooperation, projects can
die for lack of financing.

The linchpin is a federal tax credit that typically finances around 70 percent
of an affordable housing project. But there aren't enough tax credits to go
around. The Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency this year awarded $35.6 million
in tax credits to 43 projects, two in Lancaster County. But 78 projects came
away empty-handed.

Because tax credits don't cover a project's entire cost, developers turn to the
county housing and redevelopment authorities for another, if smaller, source of
federal funding: the HOME Investment Partners Program.

But those funds have faced cuts, decreasing by about 43 percent, from $1.5
million in 2004 to $860,000 this year.

"In the past we had funding for maybe two large projects a year," the county
housing authority's David Brazina said. "Now we're at one every other year."

Similarly, federal block grant funds the authority receives to update existing
rental housing have fallen from $4.1 million in 2004 to $2.6 million this year.

It's not just hard to build housing - it's getting harder to maintain what
exists.

That's particularly a challenge for the city housing authority, the only
Lancaster County entity that owns public housing - 564 units in all, all of
which have waiting lists.

The federal government no longer funds new public housing complexes. The last
built in Lancaster was the 169-unit Farnum Street East tower for the elderly and
disabled. It opened in 1977.

The tower and other city authority properties are aging and have deficiencies
that Schellhamer, the agency director, would like to address. But the federal
funding to maintain the buildings is no longer keeping pace with costs.

"We will go after those things that go to habitability and safety," Schellhamer
said. "We've lost the ability to do curb appeal work."

In her June letter to Schellhamer, Castro said, "The future is hopeful if only I
can stabilize my living situation."

She has done what she can by doubling up her son and daughter in one bedroom. It
works for now, but it's not a solution.

"It's kind of hard for a single person to continue to keep wanting to do
better," she said, "and then you keep getting these ... hills and these
mountains you gotta climb for the bare minimum to live."

The rental crisis for housing officials is about declining funds, rising costs
and longer waiting lists. It's about the numbers.

But for Castro, the rental crisis has deeper significance. It's about the
shrinking of the American dream. She wants to believe that by working hard she
can get ahead. But in trying to house her family, her faith has been shaken.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Randy Hess Jessica Castro, Right, Joins Her Children, Ashton And
Aiyanna, In Their Apartment's Sole Bedroom. Aiyanna Gets The Bed While Ashton
Sleeps On A Roll-Out Trundle. Jessica Sleeps In The Living Room.
Randy Hess Jessica Castro Talks To A Reporter In The One-Bedroom Apartment She
Shares With Her Two Children.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             665 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2013 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                       GlobalData - Business Description

                                August 22, 2013

                               The Related Group

                            315 S Biscayne Boulevard
                                Miami,  FL 33131
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW

   The Related Group is a real estate development company. The company builds
condominiums, multi-family residential developments, mixed-use properties, and
attainable housing. It classifies its business into condominium development,
market rate rentals, affordable housing, international, acquisitions, retail and
mixed use, sales and marketing, construction management, property management and
related companies. The Related Group along with its group companies offers real
estate development and financing, sales and property management. The Related
urban development group was formed to concentrate mainly on new construction and
rehabilitation of affordable housing communities utilizing tax credits,
tax-exempt bonds and municipal government funding sources.

   The company's condominium development division has the expertise in
residential real estate development .It has developed more than 45000 units of
luxury real estate valued at over $15 billion. The Related
Groupâ[#x20ac][#x2dc]s each rental apartment offers a floor plan, which is fully
furnishable and functional. The company has built, rehabilitated and managed
over 10000 affordable housing units.

   The company operates through its group companies which include Related Asset
Advisors, The Related Companies, Fortune Construction Company, TRG Management
and Related International. The Related Asset Advisors provide lenders and
investors with comprehensive access to the market insight, financial services
and related expertise to choose or invest in the property. This affiliate
company offers services like construction management, property management,
sales, leasing and loan services. The Related Companies is a property management
company. It provides services in development, management and financing of
premier real estate properties predominantly across the New York City. Some of
the projects undertaken by the company include The Time Warner Center, Jazz at
Lincoln Center, Class A office space, and Five Star Living at One Central Park
condominiums. Fortune Construction Company is its in-house construction company.
Related Asset Advisors also works in collaboration with major subcontractors,
architects, planners, engineers and landscapers to enhance cost and quality
controls. TRG Management Company was formerly known as The Related Management
Company. It provides property management services to the various projects which
the group handles. It also provides expertise in the areas of marketing,
training, financial reporting, construction management and maintenance. It also
offers residential development, joint venture opportunities and acquisition
finance.

   The Related Group concentrates projects on transforming areas in which the
company develops properties through its subsidiary, named, Related
International. Related companies is its sister company ,which is currently
developing Hudson Yard, a new centre of commerce, culture and community on New
York City's West Side along with Oxford Properties Group. The currently selling
properties of the The Related Group include Icon Bay- Miami, Florida; One Ocean
â[#x20ac]" Miami Beach, Florida; Beachwalk- Hallandale Beach, Florida and
Millecento- Miami. The company's current rental apartments under development
include Pier House- Tampa, FL; The Manor in Plantation; Doral View- Miami and
Flagler village. Its retail projects include The shoppes at Park Square; Mckay's
Mill Village; The Shoppes at Cary Creek and Pecan Promenade.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
Company Statement                       History
Investments                             Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2013


                             666 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


           Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 2, 2008 Wednesday

BRIEF: Okaloosa gives nod to affordable housing project: County will ask city of
Crestview if it wants to sponsor the project

BYLINE: Northwest Florida Daily News, Fort Walton Beach

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 273 words


Jul. 2--CRESTVIEW -- Okaloosa County commissioners have tentatively agreed to
help developers qualify for taxexempt revenue bonds to build an affordable
housing apartment complex here.

Commissioners voted Tuesday night to schedule a public hearing to approve
sponsoring developers of Freedom Walk to qualify for multi-family housing
tax-exempt revenue bonds.

Before commissioners agree to that, county staffers will ask Crestview officials
if they want to be the sponsoring agency because the project is in the city
limits.

The developers of Freedom Walk are also developing the Landmark Center in
downtown Fort Walton Beach.

In addition to the apartment complex, Freedom Walk is expected to have 440
single-family homes, 46,000 square feet of commercial space, a clubhouse with a
swimming pool, picnic and barbecue areas and a YMCA.

The tax-exempt bonds will be used only to build a 240-unit apartment complex.

To qualify for the bonds, a developer must agree to restrict occupancy. One
option requires that 40 percent of residents earn less than 60 percent of an
area's median income. The other option requires that 20 percent of residents
earn less than 50 percent of an area's median income.

To see more of the Northwest Florida Daily News or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.nwfdailynews.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Northwest
Florida Daily News, Fort Walton Beach Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080702-FO-BRF-Okaloosa-gives-nod-to-affordable-housing-project-0702

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FO


                  Copyright 2008 Northwest Florida Daily News


                             667 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              July 27, 2007 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Former airport site deemed a success as new rooftops and retail abound As
Stapleton rebirth turns 5, home prices reflect demand

BYLINE: Tom McGhee Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-05

LENGTH: 521 words


Five years after the first residents moved into Stapleton, the mixed-use
development has exceeded some expectations and fallen short on others, those
familiar with the project say.

The young families targeted by planners have moved into the brick homes and
multi-family units in droves. Retailers have created a shopping outpost where
residents can chill at a Starbucks and buy anything from a steak at King Soopers
to camping equipment at a Bass Pro Shops Outdoor World.

"It has succeeded beyond all our expectations," said Tom Clark, executive vice
president of the Metro Denver Economic Development Corp.

There are about 3,000 housing units on 1,500 acres in the development at the
site of the old Stapleton International Airport in northeast Denver. Another
5,000 units are planned to be built by 2020.

Roughly 7,000 people now call Stapleton home.

It is a kid-friendly environment where toddlers splash with jets of water arcing
above their heads at the community pool.

"I love it," said Lucy Carlson, who was attending a party Thursday celebrating
Stapleton's 5th birthday. "Everybody on our block has kids the same age," the
mother of three said. Nearby her 2-year-old twins, Alea and Kaia, ate cake, and
her son Gavin, 4, ambled across the grass.

But a neighborhood originally conceived as an urban haven where working families
would share space with upscale professionals is largely the preserve of the
affluent, Clark said.

"The challenge has been that it is such a desirable location that the cost of
housing has frozen out many of the less affluent," he said.

The average home sold for $380,000 in 2006, and homes can reach $1.4 million.

Eighty-seven percent of residents had a college degree, and 44 percent held
post-graduate degrees, according to a 2006 study by Boulder-based Egg Strategy,
commissioned by Stapleton's master developer, Cleveland-based Forest City.

Providing affordable housing is a challenge, said Forest City's Stapleton
spokesman Thomas Gleason.

There are, however, 158 homes built for lower-income families, said Gleason.
Another 186 rental units are also aimed at lower-

income people.

When the development is completely built out in 2020, 10 percent of the planned
8,000 residential units will be tagged for lower-income homeowners and renters.

So far about 2 million square feet of retail space and 100,000 square feet of
office space are occupied. In the next few years, the completion of a building
for the Federal Bureau of Investigation will add another 175,000 square feet of
office space.

Office development has lagged, said Dick Anderson, president and chief executive
of the Stapleton Development Corp. Projections originally called for 3 million
square feet of retail space and 10 million square feet of office space by 2020.

Stapleton's location near Interstate 70 and close to Anschutz Medical Campus in
Aurora could lead to high demand for office space there eventually, said
Gleason.

"We think because of Stapleton's location," he said, "the office market may come
back sooner than at other places in the metro area."

Staff writer Tom McGhee can be reached at 303-954-1671 or tmcghee@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             668 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        March 31, 2000 Friday 2D EDITION

Apartment dwellers feel squeeze Vacancy rates remain low keeping rents pumped up

BYLINE: By Emily Narvaes, Denver Post Business Writer,

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-01

LENGTH: 542 words


Apartment residents around the state continue to feel the  squeeze of low
vacancy rates and high rents with not much new  construction in sight.

Vacancy rates in the first quarter ranged from 0.9 percent in  Vail and Aspen -
traditionally areas with the lowest vacancy rate  in the state - to 5.8 percent
in the small eastern Plains  community of Sterling, according to a report
released Thursday by  University of Denver Professor Gordon Von Stroh for the
the state  Division of Housing. Von Stroh issues a similar report for the
Denver metro area. The report has not yet been released for the  first quarter.

Statewide, average monthly rent for a two-bedroom apartment  was as low as $ 337
in the Fort Morgan/Sterling area and as high as  $ 1,093 in Aspen.

Rents have climbed over the past six months in some  communities including
Colorado Springs, Eagle County and Fort  Collins. But overall, rents have
remained relatively stable and in  some areas, such as Greeley, Pueblo and Fort
Morgan/Sterling,  they've decreased slightly.

'Things are pretty much status quo,' said Tom Hart, director  of the housing
division, which produced the 'Multi-Family Housing  Vacancy and Rental Survey.'

'Vacancy rates are holding tight,' Hart said. 'If there is  new product, it's
getting occupied.'

But few new apartments have been built lately. Developers  throughout Colorado
have been cautious about overbuilding the  market. Last year in the Denver metro
area, developers only built  half of the new apartment units they built the year
before.

In the mountains, builders hesitate because of escalating  land costs. On the
Plains, it's a different problem: New  construction these days is only feasible
with high rents - usually  well above rents people are already paying in small
communities.

That fact concerned Castle Rock developer Ken Ash when he  built a 90-unit
apartment complex in Sterling last fall.  Market-rate rents in the building,
which also has rent-restricted  units, begin at $ 525 a month.

The average rent in the community is $ 337 a month, down from  $ 350 a month six
months ago, according to the state survey.

'It's been a struggle to get it all held together and do it,'  Ash said. 'We had
a hard time making it work quite frankly because  of the low rents out there.'

Ash said the community needed the housing for the roughly 850  employees who are
expected to some day work at the Sterling  Correctional Facility. But he needed
a subsidy in the way of tax  credits and private activity bonds to finish the
project. About 45  units are affordable to low- and moderate-income households
through rent restrictions; the rest are market rate units.

'The barriers to entry continue to grow for affordable  housing in these
communities,' said Jamie Fitzpatrick, executive  vice president for Corum Real
Estate Group, which specializes in  construction of apartments and other housing
for seasonal workers  in the mountains.

'It's not just the cost of land and the cost of construction,  both of which are
a lot higher,' he said. 'It's also the political  process. It's very difficult.
People shouldn't lose sight of that.'

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  The Denver Post Tight rental market (map)

TYPE: STATISTICS

                        Copyright 2000 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             669 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                             May 10, 2006 Wednesday
                                SARASOTA EDITION

Interested developers

SECTION: B SECTION; Pg. BS3

LENGTH: 410 words


Ten developers are vying to partner with the Sarasota Housing Authority to
replace four housing projects in Newtown with mixed-income neighborhoods.

THE CARLISLE GROUP, Miami: Carlisle says it may be the most successful developer
in the state in competing for affordable housing funds. Its 6,255 rental homes
in Florida include Willow Creek in North Port and Tuscany Lakes in Ellenton.

EDWARD A. FISH ASSOCIATES, Braintree, Mass.: This 42-year-old company builds
mixed-income developments such as The Metropolitan in Boston. It would partner
with Collins & Co. from Boston and Goray Development Co., a Cocoa developer.

LANDEX CORP., Linthicum, Md.: Judith Siegel, owner of this 22-year-old company,
has developed and managed 20 mixed-income communities in six states, including
Jordan Park in St. Petersburg.

McCORMACK, BARON SALAZAR, St. Louis, Mo.: This 33-year-old company has 113
developments, 73 of which are rent-controlled apartment complexes. Its
communities include Bedford Hill in Pittsburgh.

MICHAELS DEVELOPMENT CORP., Mariton, N.J.: Since 1963, Michaels has built 40,000
homes in 27 states, such as Belmont Heights Estates in Tampa.

OMNI AMERICA, New York City, and NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT OF AMERICA, Fort Myers:
Omni has developed 1,000 homes for low-income families including Brookhaven
Apartments in the Bronx. National Development has built 1,800 homes for
low-income families, 1,400 of them in Florida - such as Bayou Oaks in Sarasota,
Lake East in Bradenton and The Courtney in Palmetto.

RALPH PERMAHOS, Warren, N.J., and WANDA DiPAOLA, Fair Lawn, N.J., and Siesta
Key. Permahos and DiPaola have real estate backgrounds. DiPaola has developed
and managed apartment complexes for low-income renters, including Lily Pond on
Staten Island.

PINNACLE HOUSING GROUP, Miami: Established in 1998, Pinnacle specializes in
affordable housing in Florida with developers in Pompano Beach, West Palm Beach,
Miami and other cities.

THE PYRAMID COMPANIES, St. Louis, Mo.: Founded in 1992, Pyramid calls itself
"the acknowledged leader of urban redevelopment" in St. Louis, where its
developments include King Louis Square.

ROIZMAN DEVELOPMENT INC., Plymouth Meeting, Pa., and RELATED CAPITAL CO., New
York City: Founded in 1988, Roizman lists The Falls of Bonaventure in Fort
Lauderdale among its Florida credits. Related Capital has 25 years of experience
in developing and managing multi-family complexes, such as Santa Clara in Miami.

Compiled by staff writer Dale White

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.


                             670 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                           December 31, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Home Thoughts For The New Year; Trends To Watch For In 2017 And A Look Back At
The Accuracy Of Our Crystal Ball Over The Past Decade

BYLINE: Michael Geller, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: WESTCOAST HOMES; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 1197 words


As Samuel Goldwyn once said, it is not wise to make forecasts, especially about
the future. Nonetheless, I am delighted to review my past Vancouver Sun housing
forecasts and offer a few more as we enter 2017.

In the coming year, I foresee changes in zoning, a focus on heritage homes and
new proposals for rental housing - but more on that in a minute.

My first year-end column was written 10 years ago as I set off on an
aroundthe-world sabbatical. Titled "Affordable housing rises on wise use of
land," it urged municipal planners to allow row houses and apartments to replace
singlefamily houses along such arterial roads as Oak Street.

It also promoted reduced parking standards to facilitate redevelopment of
parking lots and rezoning of single-family lots to permit alternative housing
forms, including back-lane homes, duplexes and triplexes.

Today, there are indeed new multifamily developments along several Vancouver
arterials, including Oak, Cambie, Granville and King Edward. Sadly, however, new
single-family homes continue to be being built along major transit corridors
throughout the region. Not a wise use of land. A 2012 year-end article offered
10 predictions for 2013.

These included an increased popularity of car-sharing and a corresponding
reduction in minimum parking requirements.

New provincial legislation requiring depreciation reports on the condition of
condominium projects was expected to result in concerns about the future of many
older projects requiring significant repairs.

Other predictions included an increased interest in fee-simple row houses,
affordable micro-suite developments, and modular housing.

While car-share programs did become more popular, I was wrong about an increased
interest in fee-simple row houses and micro-suite developments. However, a
container-housing development did get underway in the Downtown Eastside.

At the end of 2013, Westcoast Homes editor Barbara Gunn invited me back to offer
2014 forecasts.

Again, I predicted owned row houses would become popular, especially among those
not yet ready to move to an apartment, or those wanting to avoid condominium
living.

I also forecast community-styled "pocket neighbourhood" developments, offering a
mix of smaller detached, duplex and coach houses. I foresaw taller highrises,
but noted that in some neighbourhoods developers would be encouraged to pursue
alternatives to high-density housing, such as Toronto-style stacked townhomes.

Other forecasts included an increased interest in six-storey wood-frame
apartment buildings, especially for rental and affordable ownership housing
along arterial roads, and mid-rise apartment buildings throughout other Metro
municipalities, similar to those being built along Cambie Street.

I suggested we might see interest in floating home communities and more creative
and innovative highrise building designs.

On the critical question of housing affordability, those hoping for a decline in
house prices were told not to hold their breath. Increased immigration and aging
baby boomers from other parts of Canada would keep demand and prices high.

Looking back on 2014, I was again wrong about the fee-simple row houses and
pocket neighbourhood developments, but we did see more stacked townhomes and
sixstorey wood-frame buildings get underway.

We also saw more interesting and colourful highrise designs, and completion of
the first homes in the delightful Mosquito Creek floating-home community.

Last year, I offered four predictions.

Noting the 2013 provincial legislation requiring strata councils to commission
depreciation reports, and another legislative change allowing the winding up of
a condominium project with just 80 per cent membership approval, we could expect
a number of older condo projects to be sold to developers as redevelopment
sites.

I was right. Furthermore, many other condo projects can be expected to wind up
and be sold in the coming year.

Other predictions included increased interest in co-housing, a hybrid form of
development combining the best of co-operative and condominium living.

Several new co-housing developments did attract considerable attention: one for
seniors in Sooke, and another in East Vancouver.

Since Vancouver council's approval of the Shaughnessy Heritage Conservation Area
was so controversial, I did not expect any other conservation areas to be
approved in 2016. However, numerous municipalities could be expected to develop
heritage policies to encourage conservation of heritage structures. This turned
out to be correct. Again, Sun readers were told not to hold their breath waiting
for a decline in house prices. Sadly, I was right, although we did see some
softening of the market in the last quarter.

As we look to 2017, some of my previously failed forecasts may come true.

We can also anticipate some new twists in zoning to encourage creation of more
affordable-housing choices.

First, since today's light industry and high-tech industry is very different
from the noxious industries of the past, some municipalities will agree to allow
a mixing of housing and industrial uses on light-industrial zoned land.

We can therefore expect some proposals for new rental housing alongside or above
light-industrial buildings, resulting in more affordable employee housing, and
new revenue sources for the companies.

Historically, low vacancy rates will also encourage some municipalities to
rewrite zoning bylaws to recognize tenure.

The result will be multi-family zoning bylaws that allow a certain floor space
ratio - or FSR - for condominiums, but a higher FSR for purpose-built rental
housing.

There will continue to be increased interest in the conservation of heritage and
character houses. Although municipalities have been talking about this for
years, zoning changes will be introduced in 2017 to encourage conservation in
return for density bonuses, along with permission to build a coach house or
subdivide a larger home.

As for the future of housing prices, the B.C. Real Estate Association is
predicting the average MLS residential price will decline 6.4 per cent next
year. However, before existing homeowners start to worry, most of that change
will be due to relatively fewer higherpriced homes selling in highly populated
regions, particularly Metro Vancouver.

My view is we can expect housing prices to remain relatively flat over the
coming year. However, rental rates will continue to rise well beyond the
provincial approved rate increase of 3.7 per cent.

This will be due to increased demand for rental housing, combined with the fact
that in many municipalities other than Vancouver, many older rental buildings
will be demolished to make way for new condominium developments.

Twelve months from now, we'll see how my predictions shape up. And on that note,
best wishes for 2017! Michael Geller is a Vancouver-based architect, planner,
real estate consultant and property developer. He also serves on the Adjunct
Faculty of SFU's Centre for Sustainable Development and School of Resource and
Environmental Management. He can be reached at geller@sfu.ca and his blog can be
found at gellersworldtravel.blogspot.com. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network
Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / A rendering shows The ARC, a new residential development by Concord
Pacific to be located at the north end of the Cambie Bridge. Michael Geller, in
2014, predicted the emergence of more highrises with innovative designs.;;  The
Alabaster Homes Oak + Park townhome project: More multi-family developments are
rising on Vancouver's arterials - a trend Michael Geller saw coming 10 years
ago.;;  Adera Development's award-winning Sail, a six-storey woodframe building
on the UBC campus. Two years ago, Michael Geller predicted increased interest in
six-storey wood-frame apartment buildings.;;  Artist's image of 8X on the Park,
by Brenhill Developments;;  a 2014 prediction foresaw taller highrises in
Vancouver.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Vancouver Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                             671 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                     August 23, 2003 Saturday Final Edition

Rent-to-own program unveiled: Housing 555 to include two projects in city

SOURCE: Calgary Herald

BYLINE: Marty Hope

SECTION: New Homes; Pg. HS03

LENGTH: 321 words

As part of a billion-dollar national plan to boost affordable housing, a federal
agency has unveiled a rent-to-own program that includes two projects in Calgary.

"The program is targeted to those who want to own a home, but are having
difficulty because they are working at low-income jobs," says Karen Kinsley,
president and CEO of Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp.

Housing 555 will include a multi-family development in Manchester, as well as
Cyprus Green on the west side of Crowchild Trail.

"Housing 555 has been put on the table to see how much interest there is in the
program," says Kinsley.

While the program's growth depends on provincial governments, about 1,000 homes
will be initially offered up across the country, she says. "The money's there if
the provinces want it."

An initial $680 million could be boosted by an extra $320 million later this
year, says CMHC board chairman Peter Smith.

"The federal government, through CMHC, has signed affordable housing agreements
with all provinces and territories for the first $680 million," he says. "But
before the next $320 million is released, we are looking at the progress that
has been made to ensure the program is working well."

Under the program, working people can rent a home for five years using a maximum
of 30 per cent of their net income. Their rent is put toward a five-per-cent
down payment.

In another five years, they are eligible to purchase that home, again using 30
per cent of their income, says Kinsley.

In July, federal Secretary of State Steve Mahoney joined Kinsley on a
cross-country tour to see results of the initiative and to meet with housing
stakeholders, municipal officials and provincial ministers, says Smith.

"They were seeking out new ideas and commitments to best use and leverage
federal funding -- and to accelerate the implementation of the agreements to get
shovels into the ground," he says.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: Jennifer Gergely, Calgary Herald; Board chairman Peter
Smith of Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp. with president and CEO Karen Kinsley.

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             672 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright 2017 LexisNexis, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.,
                              All Rights Reserved
                     LexisNexis® Corporate Affiliations[TM]

                                 March 27, 2017

                         Fairfield Property Management

                                606 Commerce St
                             Shreveport,  LA 71101

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (318) 227-8693
FAX: (318) 424-6547
URL: www.fairfieldmanagement.com

LINKEDIN: www.linkedin.com/company/fairfield-property-management

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
DCA NUMBER: 1701468

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: PRIVATE
EMPLOYEES:
NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES:  12

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

OFFICER             TITLE TYPE          ROLE(S)             EMAIL/SOCIAL MEDIA
Jacqueline Autrey,  Executive           Administration/Oper LINKEDIN:
Dir-Ops                                 ations              www.linkedin.com/pu
                                        Director            b/jacqueline-s-autr
                                                            ey-cpm-caps-cam-tcs
                                                            /31/24/821
Rebecca             Executive           Administration/Oper LINKEDIN:
Lubiejewski,                            ations              www.linkedin.com/pu
Mgr-Ops &                               Manager             b/rebecca-lubiejews
Compliance                              Compliance          ki-arm/77/731/943
Annie Johnson,      Executive           Owner
Owner

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Fairfield Property Management was founded in 1976, and is headquartered in
Shreveport, LA. The company specializes in the provision of housing in luxury
multi-family properties. It offers student housing, asset evaluation, and
affordable housing management services. The company operates across Louisiana,
Florida, and Wyoming.

INDUSTRY TYPE: Lessors of Residential Buildings & Dwellings

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
531110 - Lessors of Residential Buildings and Dwellings
PRIMARY SIC:
6514 - Operators of Dwellings other than Apartment Buildings
SECONDARY SIC:
6513 - Operators of Apartment Buildings

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

SALES:  USD 2,376,000
REVENUE TYPE:  Revenue

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2017


                             673 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            April 19, 2008 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

City explores innovative ways to boost affordable housing

BYLINE: Gordon Kent, The Edmonton Journal

SECTION: CITYPLUS; Pg. B16

LENGTH: 372  words

DATELINE: EDMONTON


EDMONTON - The city should allow higher density in new developments, zoning
changes and subsidies for rental projects to help create badly needed affordable
housing, a report recommends.

Edmonton wants to see an additional 3,878 units of affordable housing built over
five years, using $170 million in provincial, federal and municipal funding, as
well as other inducements.

A report going to the city's executive committee Thursday looked at incentives
and other ways to ensure at least five per cent of the units are affordable in
suburban or large-scale infill developments, which would create a mix of housing
types in each neighbourhood.

A report from the inclusionary affordable housing committee proposed such
strategies as increased density and narrower roads so the cost of development is
lower, and efficient design of schools and park sites that could free up land
for cheaper multi-family housing.

The group of city and industry officials also suggested construction subsidies
of $25,000 to $35,000 a unit would bring new apartment rents down to the target
range of $625 to $700 a month, although more research is required.

This approach can be improved through partnerships between developers and
non-profit organizations such as Habitat for Humanity, the report says.

Coun. Karen Leibovici, a committee member, says the proposals are an innovative
way to tackle the issue of affordable housing.

"The inclusionary policy could never fill all of the requirements. It's one
piece," she said Friday.

"It puts us ahead of most municipalities in this country ... Some other cities,
like Vancouver, have been doing this for a while. Generally, people talk about
it but they haven't been able to implement it."

Some companies have voluntarily made five per cent of the units affordable in
their housing projects.

However, several city reports indicate firms working on plans for suburban
subdivisions near Edmonton's northern, southern and western boundaries don't
want to commit themselves until council approves an inclusionary affordable
housing policy.

This would give developers assurance that all proposals will be handled in the
same way and let everyone know the policy's implications, the reports say.

gkent@thejournal.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Journal Stock; Coun. Karen Leibovici ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             674 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          November 11, 1998, Wednesday

MIDDLE-INCOME COMPLEX READY

BYLINE: By PAUL H.B. SHIN

SECTION: Suburban; Pg.  1

LENGTH: 452 words


With Park Slope's growing popularity as a place to live, housing has fast become
a coveted commodity priced out of reach for many moderate-income New Yorkers
especially anything with a view.

But a new eight-story building at the southern edge of Park Slope the first
multi-family apartment complex to be constructed in the neighborhood in a decade
is easing the housing crunch with style.

The 52-unit building at 287 Prospect Ave.  with panoramic, if distant, views of
the Manhattan skyline is the first Brooklyn project to be completed under the
city Housing Development Corp.'s new middle-income housing program.

To celebrate the milestone, city housing officials and local dignitaries greeted
new tenants with a ribbon-cutting ceremony Monday under cloudless skies
tailor-made to show off the building's impressive vistas.

Constructed on a site that was once home to an aging warehouse and litter-strewn
vacant lot, the $ 6.8 million building has one and two-bedroom rentals ranging
from 600 to 950 square feet. Average rents are $ 1,000 for one-bedroom units and
$ 1,270 for two-bedroom units.

"It's a beautiful area with a beautiful view," said Nancy Lauritano, 68, who
will soon move into an eighth-floor apartment facing Manhattan.

Lauritano, who was born in Fort Greene and has lived in Brooklyn all her life,
said the recent real estate boom had priced many apartments out of her budget.

Gail Holder, a 32-year-old lawyer from the United Kingdom who is studying for
the bar exam in New York, said she found out about the project through the
Internet. "I'm a Web surfer," said Holder, who had heard horror stories about
finding affordable housing in the city.

Project developers John Scarpinito and Albert Juliano have until now worked with
city housing agencies mainly to renovate existing buildings.

The middle-income housing program uses a mixture of rehabilitation and new
construction.

In September, the Housing Development Corp. began the overhaul of the
century-old St. Agnes Parochial School building at 421 Degraw St. in Carroll
Gardens. The Degraw St. renovation and the new building on Prospect Ave. are
among 13 projects that will create 951 units of housing in the next few years,
said Russell Harding, president of the Housing Development Corp. The housing is
for families earning $ 30,000 to $ 70,000 a year.

The Housing Development Corp. provides first and second mortgage loans at
favorable interest rates to spur the development of multi-unit projects.

"It's a real key component of the success of this program," said city Housing
Preservation and Development Commissioner Richard Roberts, who is also chairman
of the Housing Development Corp.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1998 Daily News, L.P.


                             675 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 4, 2008 Saturday

A community responds

BYLINE: Julie Buntjer, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1423 words


Oct. 4--WORTHINGTON -- When children and their parents were living in motel
rooms, people in the community stepped up to offer a hot meal. When parents
couldn't find a place to rent, agencies gave of their time to help in the
search. When the homeless had nowhere else to turn, a church opened its doors.

And when a community realizes there's a problem, they work together to find a
solution.

The homeless issue has not gone unnoticed by Worthington's city leaders or by
the community's largest employer, yet putting up bricks and mortar takes both
time and money.

Mayor Alan Oberloh said the city has talked with both private contractors and
individuals at the Southwest Minnesota Housing Partnership for "at least the
last four years" to get market-rate or subsidized housing projects started in
the community.

The need hasn't diminished.

After the Immigration and Customs Enforcement raid on JBS Swift & Co. in
Worthington in 2006, Oberloh said the employment base at Swift has shifted.

"A lot of transients have come to town, (and) there's been a shift from home
ownership to rental," he said. "The city is well aware of the issues, but the
thing that has been hard to swallow is how does the council and I sit down with
entities and tell (the taxpayers) they need to subsidize the properties $200,000
or more to help pay for someone else's home?"

Building housing projects isn't the only solution, Oberloh said.

"We would like to see a better job of educating people on what part of their
income should be used on housing. If we can encourage home ownership ... I think
the community is better off as a whole," he added.

As for needs of transitional housing, or even a homeless shelter in Worthington,
Oberloh mentioned the former Home of Hope that served transient populations in
the past. The philosophy behind Home of Hope was that once transients got on
their feet and established, they would return to give something back for future
tenants. Oberloh said that never happened, and it put the home in "dire
straits."

What about a homeless shelter?

"I think Worthington might be a little small for something like that," said
Oberloh. "Not to say there aren't people sleeping in a car or motel."

If a homeless shelter would be pursued, Oberloh said he doesn't view it as
solely the city's responsibility.

"The city is interested in doing more and more ... collaborating with other
agencies," he added.

Addressing housing

The city has already been collaborating with JBS Swift and continues to work
with funding sources such as the Minnesota Department of Employment and Economic
Development, said Brad Chapulis, the city's manager of planning and economic
development.

DEED recently awarded the city a small cities grant to help finance remodels of
existing owner-occupied and rental properties in the Cherry Point Park and East
Side Addition. The grants are for people with low to moderate income.

Approximately $600,000 became available through the program in August, but the
demand far exceeds the grant monies available, said Chapulis.

"What we're trying to do there, hopefully at the halfway point of the grant
program, is that we can illustrate the amount of demand back to DEED and seek
more funds," he added.

Another grant the city received, this one through Minnesota Housing Finance
Agency (MHFA), will be used to rehab homes in need of repair and offer them to
first-time home buyers with low to moderate income.

In addition to rehabbing existing homes, plans continue to develop for new
construction. With a 43-unit expansion at The Meadows of Worthington and another
senior housing complex planned by the city, the hope is that more single-family
homes will be available to rent or to purchase.

"There are projects that are definitely on the drawing board and other projects
that we are continuing to explore," said Chapulis.

Jenny Andersen-Martinez, human resources director at JBS Swift & Co., said the
local processing facility is awaiting word on possible tax credits to construct
a 24-unit, low- to moderate-income housing project in collaboration with the
city. If the MHFA grants the credits (Andersen-Martinez said they hope to hear
from the agency within the next month), construction would begin in spring 2009.

In addition to those plans, JBS Swift is also discussing two other projects,
including both modular homes and multi-family unit projects. All three projects
combined would create between 68 and 92 new units in the community and cost
millions and millions of dollars.

"One of the big challenges is knowing exactly what the need is," said
Andersen-Martinez. "We've got overcrowding ... we've got people living in other
communities. We don't know how many actually want units, (but) we'll put a big
dent in the problem with those three projects."

Even with new construction, Andersen-Martinez said more work needs to be done --
including educating people on the benefits of home ownership and working with
many of Swift's refugee workers, who lack the credit history required to make a
major purchase, such as a home.

"Seventy percent of our new employees are refugees -- most of them are happy to
just have a roof over their head and not be oppressed and persecuted," she said.
"They just don't have enough credit to qualify (for a loan)."

Two community liaisons employed by Swift are working with the Ethiopian and
Burmese refugees to educate them about housing, building credit and financial
planning, Andersen-Martinez said.

Banding together

Representatives from local and regional agencies that deal with housing and
human services have gathered in the community once a month for nearly a year to
share knowledge about their role in serving people in need and to brainstorm
solutions for homelessness and housing in Worthington. Their next meeting will
be 11:30 a.m. Oct. 29 in the Atrium's meeting room. The meeting is open to the
public, and all suggestions are welcome.

At the same time, work is moving forward to establish Love, INC (In the Name of
Christ), which would serve as an entry point for the homeless and those in need
of assistance in the community.

"There is no one entry point -- that's the problem," said Sharon Johnson,
coordinator of the Nobles County Integration Collaborative.

Right now, people are directed from one agency to another and sometimes back to
where they started. Love, INC could alleviate some of those issues.

"We're all trying to be helpful, but it's not an efficient system. It gets to be
very complicated and very discouraging," Johnson said.

Love, INC is not a new concept. In fact, several members of the Worthington
Ministerial Association recently visited a Love, INC program in Sheldon, Iowa,
which was formed about five years ago.

The Rev. Jim Krapf of Westminster Presbyterian Church was a part of the group
that observed the program in action.

"It is a way to integrate a community's caring through its churches and social
agencies," Krapf said. "Their mission statement has the word to transform --
they're working at how to empower people to become more self-sufficient (rather
than) simply an entitlement that keeps people dependent."

"One of the things that I like about Love, INC is that it enables the individual
local churches to mobilize their congregation in a way that is a good fit for
their different talents and skills," added Johnson.

As the city, agencies and organizations do their part to alleviate the strain of
homelessness, community residents can also make an impact. Just ask Norma Von
Holtum.

Von Holtum and several other women from St. Mary's Catholic Church were called
upon one summer night in August to prepare a meal for about 20 people who had
taken up temporary residence at a local motel. They made hot dishes, gathered
fruits and vegetables, bread, milk and juice and delivered it to Catholic
Charities to be served to those in need, many of whom were children.

"It took me by surprise that there were homeless people (here)," Von Holtum
said. "I was kind of aghast. I was sure I could find enough women to prepare a
meal."

In all, about 10 women helped that night, and other church groups and volunteers
made meals other nights as needed.

To see more of The Daily Globe, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dglobe.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081004-QG-A-community-responds-1004

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QG


                                 Copyright 2008


                             676 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                              May 1, 2007 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Say yes to secondary suites

BYLINE: Times Colonist

SECTION: COMMENT; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 342  words


The benefits of encouraging secondary suites in existing homes in Victoria or
any other municipality far outweigh the drawbacks.

The concerns are understandable. Neighbours fear parking problems, increased
traffic and the risk that existing homes will be knocked down and replaced with
homes that don't fit the neighbourhood. Tenants are sometimes seen as less
desirable neighbours.

Experience, including a Victoria test, has shown that most of the problems don't
arise. There has been no flood of suites; parking has not been an issue.

And some risks, like the fear that allowing suites would encourage redevelopment
that conflicts with a neighbourhood's character, are easily managed. Victoria is
considering a regulation that would bar suites for the first several years after
a home is built.

The benefits are significant. The lack of affordable housing is a serious
problem. Secondary suites in homes offer relatively affordable accommodation.

At the same time, the rent from tenants can help people continue to own their
homes or qualify for a mortgage.

Allowing secondary suites also acknowledges reality. No new apartment buildings
have been built in Victoria since 1981. One consequence has been an increase in
the number of illegal, but tolerated, suites.

It is fairer and more effective to bring in regulations that recognize the place
of rental accommodation within existing homes.

People need somewhere to live. We can either increase density in existing
neighbourhoods or accept sprawl.

And density can be increased by replacing houses with multi-family units or
encouraging secondary suites that provide more accommodation within existing
neighbourhoods. That approach would mean few demands for new infrastructure,
greater use of public transit, more choice and affordability in housing,
increased property rights for owners and less major disruption to
neighbourhoods.

It's taken Victoria three years to decide to recognize the usefulness of
secondary suites. We hope the city goes ahead with the proposed changes and Oak
Bay and Saanich soon follow.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2007 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                             677 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         The Sun, Lowell, Massachusetts

                           February 14, 2006, Tuesday

Billerica wrestles with rapid housing growth

BYLINE: By Matt Murphy

LENGTH: 770 words



BILLERICA, Mass. -- The signs of growth are noticeable from North Billerica to
Pinehurst with five major housing developments under construction and six more
set to begin.

At Barrett Farms on Boston Road in North Billerica, progress is being made daily
on the 132-unit townhouse development.

A few miles away at the Route 3 interchange on Concord Road, construction crews
are busy with the Villas at Old Concord, a two-phase project that will add 324
rental condos to the Billerica market.

In the past five years, Billerica has approved 17 multi-family housing
developments creating 1,050 new homes in town. Nine of those projects have been
filed under the state's affordable-housing law -- Chapter 40B -- allowing
developers to circumvent local zoning laws by setting aside 25 percent of the
units for affordable housing.

But even with this flurry of construction, town officials are still under the
gun to create more affordable housing to meet the state's goal of 10 percent in
each community.

In the past five years, Billerica has built or approved 592 affordable-housing
units and more are in the pipeline.

Projects like the Villas at Old Concord, Barrett Farms and Princeton Properties
have helped propel the town from 3.2 percent affordable housing to 6.7 percent
during the past two years.

These three projects alone will create 480 rental units that all count under
state law toward the town's affordable-housing stock.

Bradford Glen, a 164-unit development on Andover Road, is under appeal but would
generate another 16 affordable units. The Zoning Board of Appeals is also
considering a proposal for 44 units on Oak Street that would create 11
affordable homes.

Local officials, however, are wondering how much more construction the town can
handle before it starts to take its toll on infrastructure, schools and the
environment.

"We can't take 2,000 more houses. It's insane. It's going to put the town out of
business if we don't stop approving these developments. It's impossible to catch
up and still have a viable town," said Billerica state Rep. William Greene, a
staunch opponent of Chapter 40B.

And Greene is not alone. About 50 new bills to amend Chapter 40B or scrap the
law altogether have flooded Beacon Hill as communities across the state struggle
to meet their 10 percent quota.

Greene filed two of those proposals, but is doubtful either of them will be
discussed by the state House of Representatives.

"It's very discouraging that nothing gets done. It's really a shame. But we're
going to keep fighting because you only have to win once," Greene said.

To take back some measure of control, Billerica officials worked with the
Northern Middlesex Council of Governments last year to draft an affordable-
housing productivity plan. That plan was certified by the state Department of
Housing and Urban Development through April 2007.

With a certified plan, the town can use its discretion when considering projects
submitted under Chapter 40B to control growth. But after it expires, the town
will have to create 98 units of affordable housing annually to maintain its
certification.

Even with the plan, officials are concerned they do not have enough time to
absorb the full impact of the rapid development during the past five years.

Selectmen Chairman Michael Rosa has written two letters with no success to DHCD
asking that the town be granted an additional 36-month certification.

The town has built enough units to warrant the extension, but DHCD regulations
prohibit granting more than a 24-month certification.

"It's unbelievable. The town of Billerica has done everything by the book and
all we are asking for is that the state give us time to absorb this growth in
the community," Rosa said. "How do you deal with an agency that doesn't want to
acknowledge what a community has done." State Sen. Robert Havern, who represents
Billerica, is trying to set up a meeting with the governor's office to discuss
the situation.

In the meantime, Rosa is sharpening his pencil to continue writing letters.

"We're dealing with it the best way we can," Rosa said. "I'm not going to let
them ignore the time we are owed because of regulations. And if we have to
challenge them, we will."


-----

To see more of The Sun, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.lowellsun.com. Copyright (c) 2006, The Sun, Lowell, Mass.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: LZ-HOUSING-GROWTH-20060214

JOURNAL-CODE: LZ

               Copyright 2006 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                 Copyright 2006 The Sun, Lowell, Massachusetts


                             678 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            November 8, 2015 Sunday

OPINION: Economist says rent control is a 'terrible idea'

BYLINE: Paul Gullixson, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 982 words


Nov. 08--Santa Rosa's rental market has gone haywire. There's no question about
it. But is this community ready for rent control? Moreover, does it need it, or
does it just cause more problems?

Even as a slim majority on the Santa Rosa City Council appears ready to adopt
some kind of rent stabilization measure, the community remains divided. This was
evident during two recent community gatherings, each with some 400 people in
attendance.

One was the annual economic outlook breakfast on Oct. 30 at the Hyatt Vineyard
Creek Hotel in Santa Rosa featuring economist Chris Thornberg. After giving a
particularly rosy economic forecast for the region, Thornberg was asked about
rent control.

"We actually did a little study on this," said Thornberg, founding partner of
Los Angeles- based Beacon Economics. "We asked the question, 'does rent control
help low-income families?' And the answer is unequivocally no."

It was not surprising that the comment drew applause from the crowd of mostly
business people gathered for the county Economic Development Board event.

Part of the problem of rent control is that, under state law, the city can only
place rent limits on multi-family units built prior to 1995. According to city
officials, this means a rent control ordinance would only cover about 20
percent, or 13,386, of Santa Rosa's housing units.

Having such lopsided regulations has an impact, particularly on middle-income
wage earners, Thornberg said.

"When you have rent control in the older stock, what you end up doing is keeping
middle- income families, who should be moving up to the newer (housing units),
you keep them in the older stuff," he said. "And that reduces the supply of
potential housing for low-income families."

In fact, those individuals get pushed out of the middle of the market place, he
said.

"So, yeah, if you are kind of an aging hippie, it's great to have rent control
because you get a nice subsidized apartment," he said. "But for that truly
low-income family with a couple of kids, they don't up to have the opportunity
to have a house at all. So it's a terrible idea."

This stood in sharp contrast to the messages at a similar-sized gathering that
occurred just five days earlier at the Glaser Center. The political rally was
organized, in part, to draw support for local measures, including rent control,
to help residents being priced out of the market.

"Families are facing crises," said Omar Medina, president of the North Bay
Organizing Project, which hosted the event. "Rents are out of control."

As Staff Writer Angela Hart reported, some of those at the rally even re-enacted
a recent Santa Rosa City Council vote to spend $75,000 to study three possible
options. One involved a rent stabilization ordinance. A second concerned
adopting just-cause eviction rules, while the third involves creating a
mediation process to resolve tenant-landlord disputes over rent increases.

Given the dramatic changes that have been occurring in the local rental market
-- with rents having climbed roughly 30 percent in the past three years -- it's
clear the City Council is prepared to do something. But, as Thornberg observed,
there are good reasons for why only 12 cities in the state have enacted rent
control for housing other than mobile home parks. Thornberg went on to discuss
another hot issue in the local political front -- raising the minimum wage.

Locally, the county Board of Supervisors has been considering adoption of a
living wage ordinance and came close in August to creating a $15 minimum wage
for roughly 1,100 county contractors and nonprofit employees. But the proposal
was pulled at the last minute after mounting pressure from labor groups and
living-wage advocates that the ordinance didn't go far enough.

Advocates are now pushing for a $15 minimum wage for about 5,500
county-affiliated workers, including in-home caregivers as well as nonprofit
employees and for-profit contractors.

But Thornberg is clearly not a fan of such artificial means for raising wages.
If government wants to help low-income families, he said it should resort to
programs such as the earned income tax credit and free or subsidized child care,
which have a proven track record for success.

"But here's the problem with those, they cost money," he said. A revenue source
needs to be found either by raising taxes or cutting back on spending somewhere.

"A minimum wage (increase) is a lazy way of doing it because the tax is built
in," he said. "That makes you pay for it, Mr. Business, so I don't have to."

But here again, pressure is mounting on the Board of Supervisors to do
something, particularly at a time of pesky wage stagnation. (See "Where have our
pay raises gone" on the front of today's Forum section.)

Meanwhile, the number of people in Sonoma County living in poverty continues to
grow even as the recession fades.

Staff Writer Martin Espinoza offered this jarring fact in a story last month
that didn't get enough attention.

In 2007, there were 2,503 local families enrolled in California's food stamps
program known as CalFresh. Last year, there were still 12,418 local families
participating in the program. That means nearly 10,000 more families are on food
stamps now than before the recession started. What recovery?

Meanwhile, Census Bureau figures show that the number of county residents living
in poverty increased 23 percent between 2007 and 2014. That means one in nine
people in Sonoma County lives at or below the federal poverty level. For a
family of four, that means they get by on less than $24,000 a year.

OK, maybe rent control and minimum wage increases aren't the answer. But whether
you're a property owner or an aging hippie, the question still needs to be
asked: What the hell is?

___ (c)2015 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151108-UR-OPINION-Economist-says-rent-control-is-a-terrible-idea-1108-20151108

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                       Copyright 2015 The Press Democrat


                             679 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                             March 6, 2014 Thursday

Commentary: Affordable housing needs public/private commitment

BYLINE: Daily Record Staff Editorial

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 516  words


The lack of affordable housing in Baltimore is, sadly, not a problem unique to
Maryland's largest city.

It's been well-documented how millions of Americans -- owners and renters alike
-- are hard-pressed to pay for shelter. In 2012, more than 22 percent of working
households in the United States spent more than half of their income on housing
costs, according to research by the Center for Housing Policy, which studies
national housing issues and policies. In Maryland, that figure was about 20
percent.

The issue has gained fresh resonance in Baltimore after disclosures this week
that Baltimore's housing authority plans to sell some 4,000 public housing units
to developers. The authority says the sale will reap millions that can be spent
on upgrading public housing stock; housing advocates express fears that the
needs of low-income tenants will take a back seat to developers' profits and the
supply of affordable units might actually decrease.

To be sure, the public housing news is only part of the affordable housing
picture. The overall problem is a complicated stew of workplace, employment,
housing and income trends. One of the few welcome byproducts of the recent
housing industry collapse has been that it has made housing more affordable in
some communities.

In Maryland, state and local officials, often working in tandem with federal
housing agencies, have launched a variety of assistance and tax credit programs
designed to aid renters and homebuyers. In Baltimore, Mayor Stephanie
Rawlings-Blake's administration promotes the Vacants to Value Homeownership
Program, the CDBG Homeownership Program and others as helping 572 families to
purchase their own homes.

These programs are vital, say many developers, who add that they need incentives
or loan assistance to build affordable housing units. "I think it is difficult
for builders who have not done an affordable housing deal to get into this
arena, given the number of financing resources they have to deal with and all of
the regulatory requirements we deal with," Ivy Dench-Carter, whose PennRose
Properties develops multi-family and mixed-use projects, told The Daily Record.

It is in the city's and state's interest to have a vigorous commitment to
expanding affordable housing units. The vitality of any community depends on
residents being able to afford a decent place to live, near jobs, transportation
and recreational facilities. The business community also has a stake in this,
too.

There may well be great value in Baltimore's housing authority selling units to
developers, who will receive tax credits for participating in the program. To
take advantage of the tax credits, developers will have to maintain the
properties for disadvantaged residents for at least 40 years. But we urge the
authority to proceed with caution in its new approach. Too much is at stake not
to carefully monitor the effects of the initiative before dismantling the
existing public housing program.

http://www.mddailyrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             680 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                           February 14, 2006 Tuesday

Billerica wrestles with housing boom

BYLINE: MATT MURPHY, Sun Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 716 words

DATELINE: BILLERICA


The signs of growth are noticeable from North Billerica to Pinehurst with five
major housing developments under construction and six more set to begin.

At Barrett Farms on Boston Road in North Billerica, progress is being made daily
on the 132-unit townhouse development.

A few miles away at the Route 3 interchange on Concord Road, construction crews
are busy with the Villas at Old Concord, a two-phase project that will add 324
rental condos to the Billerica market.

In the past five years, Billerica has approved 17 multi-family housing
developments creating 1,050 new homes in town. Nine of those projects have been
filed under the state's affordable-housing law -- Chapter 40B -- allowing
developers to circumvent local zoning laws by setting aside 25 percent of the
units for affordable housing.

But even with this flurry of construction, town officials are still under the
gun to create more affordable housing to meet the state's goal of 10 percent in
each community.

In the past five years, Billerica has built or approved 592 affordable-housing
units and more are in the pipeline.

Projects like the Villas at Old Concord, Barrett Farms and Princeton Properties
have helped propel the town from 3.2 percent affordable housing to 6.7 percent
during the past two years.

These three projects alone will create 480 rental units that all count under
state law toward the town's affordable-housing stock.

Bradford Glen, a 164-unit development on Andover Road, is under appeal but would
generate another 16 affordable units. The Zoning Board of Appeals is also
considering a proposal for 44 units on Oak Street that would create 11
affordable homes.

Local officials, however, are wondering how much more construction the town can
handle before it starts to take its toll on infrastructure, schools and the
environment.

"We can't take 2,000 more houses. It's insane. It's going to put the town out of
business if we don't stop approving these developments. It's impossible to catch
up and still have a viable town," said Billerica state Rep. William Greene, a
staunch opponent of Chapter 40B.

And Greene is not alone. About 50 new bills to amend Chapter 40B or scrap the
law altogether have flooded Beacon Hill as communities across the state struggle
to meet their 10 percent quota.

Greene filed two of those proposals, but is doubtful either of them will be
discussed by the state House of Representatives.

"It's very discouraging that nothing gets done. It's really a shame. But we're
going to keep fighting because you only have to win once," Greene said.

To take back some measure of control, Billerica officials worked with the
Northern Middlesex Council of Governments last year to draft an affordable-
housing productivity plan. That plan was certified by the state Department of
Housing and Urban Development through April 2007.

With a certified plan, the town can use its discretion when considering projects
submitted under Chapter 40B to control growth. But after it expires, the town
will have to create 98 units of affordable housing annually to maintain its
certification.

Even with the plan, officials are concerned they do not have enough time to
absorb the full impact of the rapid development during the past five years.

Selectmen Chairman Michael Rosa has written two letters with no success to DHCD
asking that the town be granted an additional 36-month certification.

The town has built enough units to warrant the extension, but DHCD regulations
prohibit granting more than a 24-month certification.

"It's unbelievable. The town of Billerica has done everything by the book and
all we are asking for is that the state give us time to absorb this growth in
the community," Rosa said. "How do you deal with an agency that doesn't want to
acknowledge what a community has done."

State Sen. Robert Havern, who represents Billerica, is trying to set up a
meeting with the governor's office to discuss the situation.

In the meantime, Rosa is sharpening his pencil to continue writing letters.

"We're dealing with it the best way we can," Rosa said. "I'm not going to let
them ignore the time we are owed because of regulations. And if we have to
challenge them, we will."

Matt Murphy's e-mail address is mmurphy@lowellsun.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                             681 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                     July 25, 1992, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

Housing project seeks offshore investors

BYLINE: MARTY HOPE

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E10

LENGTH: 317 words


A Calgary land development company is going offshore to find investors for a
proposed $ 35-million multi-family housing project that could break ground early
next year.

Apex Land Corp. will be in charge of the project, which has taken advantage of
the federal government's Business Immigration Program to find foreign investors
to back construction of 500 townhouse or three-storey walkup rental units - 300
in Calgary and 200 in Edmonton.

"Our proposal is to use city-owned land on eight sites in six communities in
Calgary, but just which sites will be used hasn't been finalized. There will be
fewer sites selected in Edmonton," said Apex chief executive officer Frank Boyd.

A minimum of 20 per cent of the units will provide "rent-assisted" housing for
families on limited incomes or persons with disabilities, he added.

In addition to the significant social benefits of the project, Alberta Career
Development and Employment Minister Norm Weiss said it will have a "substantial
economic impact on the province because it will provide an estimated 250
person-years of work.

"Quality housing for low-income families is a boon for both cities. This is a
tremendous use of immigrant investment funds, and the benefits will be
long-lasting," he added.

Weiss said the real estate opportunity stemmed from negotiations with the
federal government under the immigrant investor category of the immigration
program.

Boyd called the proposal "extremely exciting" and a "tremendous challenge" for
his one-year-old company.

"By using smaller sites, there is flexibility in building some projects with 100
per cent social housing and others with considerably less. The smallest project
is likely to contain only 12 units," he said.

Plans for the proposal are still in the preliminary stages but Boyd said the
company will be appearing before both city councils in a few weeks.



LOAD-DATE: July 26, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1992 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             682 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          September 18, 1982 Saturday

INTERNATIONAL REPORT   Rate of new housing starts drops 16.2% in U.S.

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 111 words


New housing starts in the United States in August fell 16.2 per cent from
 the previous month and ran at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of
 1,002,000 units, the Commerce Department says.

The August rate, compared with a revised annual rate of 1,195,000 units
 in July, was 5.9 per cent above the rate of 946,000 units in August, 1981.

In the latest month, single-family units declined 2.4 per cent to an
 adjusted annual rate of 610,000 units from 625,000 in July. Multi-family
 units fell 31.2 per cent last month to an adjusted annual rate of 392,000
 units from 570,000 in July. The July figures reflected a big jump in
 construction of government-subsidized apartments.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1982 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             683 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                           August 13, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Unsafe housing tip line on way

BYLINE: Gwendolyn Richards, Calgary Herald

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 454  words


On the heels of a fatal fire at a rooming house last month, city officials are
moving ahead with an anonymous tip line to report unsafe living conditions in
Calgary rooming houses or other rental properties.

Members of the Safe Housing Inspection Program -- a team made up of officials
from the Calgary Health Region, police, fire department and the city bylaw
department -- already inspect properties but are dependent on people making
complaints.

Trying to navigate through the city's 311 system, combined with the necessity of
leaving a name, may have restricted the number of calls tenants were making
about problems with their homes, said fire public information officer Jeff
Budai.

In addition, because the calls were initially handled by the city's general
inspections team instead of the safe housing program, it could take some time
before it became clear it should be safe housing officials handling the
inspection.

"This will reduce the delay," said Budai.

The issue of inspections has come sharply into focus following the deaths of two
men during a fire at a northwest rooming house on July 31. The home had only one
smoke detector, windows had been nailed shut and there was no working fire
extinguisher.

"With these two fatalities, we want to make sure we're addressing these safety
issues," Budai said. "We don't want this to happen again."

Rooming houses in the city tend to fly under the radar as there is no way to
track them. Officials also can't do inspections unless solicited.

"Unless we know about them, we can't help out," Budai said. "This will give us a
tool to be invited."

The line will work through the city's 311 system, but, using keywords such as
"rooming house," the calls will be directed straight to the safe housing program
instead of to general inspections staff.

"We want to make it as convenient as possible for people to express their
concerns," Budai said.

The program is still complaint-driven, but making it easier for tenants to
report problems is expected to increase the number of calls.

Tenants can now phone in complaints without fear of repercussion from their
landlords or building managers, Budai said.

The hope is that with more inspections, safety for those living in these rooming
houses or multi-family dwellings will improve.

But the goal is not simply to shut these places down, Budai said.

Property owners and building management companies will be notified about what is
missing or what fire, building or public safety codes are being violated.
They'll then be given time to rectify the problems.

"It's not about displacing occupants, it's about making housing safe," Budai
said.

The new reporting line is expected to be in place by the end of the week.

grichards@theherald.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2008 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             684 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Telegraph (Australia)

                             October 7, 2012 Sunday
                               1 - State Edition

City's crowded houses

BYLINE: LISA CORNISH, JACKIE SINNERTON

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 461  words


STRUGGLING Sydney families are cramming into shared homes as the cost of living
spirals out of control.

The number of Australian households shared by three or more families has
increased from 29,649 to 48,507 -- a rise of 64 per cent -- in the past five
years, according to the Australian Bureau of Statistics.

The boom has outstripped the number of new houses and total population growth,
both of which rose only 8.3 per cent.

While households with three or more families currently only make up a fraction
of Australian family households, at 0.3 per cent, it is a trend experts believe
will grow as rent and utility bills continue to rise.

Australians for Affordable Housing, a coalition of national housing, welfare and
community sector organisations working to highlight the problem of housing
affordability in Australia, is concerned.

``Housing is a basic need, but rent levels in our cities mean that low income
households will have trouble finding a place they can afford,'' campaign manager
Sarah Toohey said.

``Recent research by Anglicare found very few rentals in any capital city were
affordable to people on pensions and benefits, but in Sydney and Melbourne
families on the minimum wage would struggle to find an affordable rental.

``We hear of families with young children moving back in with their parents, or
staying temporarily with other family members, sleeping on the floor, because
they can't find an affordable place to rent.''

Auburn holds the title of Australia's most crowded suburb, with 340 households
containing three or more families. It has a high number of Gen Ys starting their
families in the homes of their parents and a large migrant community.

It is a similar scenario throughout the city's west.

While social analyst Mark McCrindle acknowledges the importance of family in the
migrant community, with 30 per cent entering Australia under a family visa, he
sees the financial pressure on the younger generation as a larger factor in the
trend.

``Gen Y are starting their families in debt. They have HECs and credit card
debts and costs their parents didn't have, such as broadband.''

And with elderly parents moving in with children rather than to retirement
villages, nursing homes or smaller properties, the Baby Boomers in the middle
are becoming the ``Sandwich Generation''.

``They are paying more for groceries, water and electricity and are missing the
opportunity to downsize as they face the burden or responsibility.''

Toohey is concerned families are forced into cramped and overcrowded conditions
``because they simply can't afford an alternative''.

SUBURBS WITH MULTI-FAMILY HOUSES

>Auburn >340

>Cabramatta >267

>Blacktown >253

>Canley Heights> 221

>Bankstown >191

>Prestons >181

>Quakers Hill >172

>Merrylands >167

>Hurstville >161

>Fairfield >155

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STE


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             685 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             August 12, 2007 Sunday

Is your landlord retaliating against you?

BYLINE: By Annette West For the Sun-News

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 611 words


Q: What can I do if I receive an eviction notice for late payment of rent after
I wrote a letter to codes enforcement complaining about the weeds creeping
through my front door threshold that my landlord refuses to remove?

A: First we will assume that the lease states the landlord is responsible for
yard maintenance. If you, as the tenant, are responsible for taking care of the
yard, then your letter was not justified. If the landlord is to pull all the
weeds, though, then the landlord may be evicting you unlawfully, depending on
when you sent your letter. According to the New Mexico Uniform Owner Resident
Relations Act (also called the NM Landlord-Tenant Act):

"If within the past three months a tenant has complained to a government agency
responsible for enforcing housing standards; organized or joined a tenants'
organization; made a fair housing complaint; prevailed in a lawsuit relating to
the tenancy; testified on behalf of another tenant; or lawfully abated rent, the
landlord may not retaliate by raising the rent, decreasing services or
threatening to evict the tenant."

Also, note that the law prohibits certain landlord's remedies. The landlord may
not lock a tenant out or remove his or her property without a court order, nor
may the landlord shut off the tenant's utilities to enforce compliance with the
rental agreement.

Q: What can I do if a tenant claims they still are living in the unit, but have
not paid the rent, I have not seen the tenant for days, and when I look through
the window, it appears that the unit has been trashed?

A: First, be sure the unit is "abandoned" as defined by section 47-8-3:


     ·    The tenant is delinquent in the rent



     ·    The tenant has not occupied the unit for seven days or one full rental

          period, whichever is less.



     ·    The tenant has not formally given the landlord notice of termination
          of the rental agreement.


Second, follow the rules for abandonment:


     ·    Store all personal property of the tenant for 30 days



     ·    Serve the tenant written notice that you intend to dispose of the
          property after 30 days and provide a phone number and address where
          the tenant can contact you to retrieve the property prior to the
          disposition date.



     ·    Give the tenant reasonable access and adequate opportunities to
          retrieve the property



     ·    Personally deliver this notice or send it first class mail, postage
          prepaid, to the resident's last known address



     ·    If returned as undeliverable, then send the notice to one other
          address such as an emergency contact or employer



     ·    If, after 30 days the tenant does not claim the property, then you may
          dispose of it.


Please note that I am not an attorney, and that the basis for my conclusions is
Chapter 47, Article 8 Owner-Resident Relations of the New Mexico Territorial
Law, also known as the "Uniform Owner-Resident Relations Act". The Act refers to
residents and owners; I will use the terminology tenants and landlords. Please
note that the rules for mobile home parks are different and not discussed here.

Also please note that this information applies to New Mexico and more
specifically to Doña Ana County. If you are seeking advice for a friend renting
in Virginia, as a recent caller requested, then you need to contact legal
professional in Virginia. Each state has its own set of rules, although all
states must comply with Federal Fair Housing Laws.

This information is general, and is no substitute for legal advice.

Tenants and landlords should always keep careful records. Always have a written
lease agreement. Verbal agreements are asking for trouble.

Annette West, CCIM, MBA, CPA, is a Las Cruces Realtor® specializing in
multi-family real estate and can be reached at AWest@NMApartment.com or at
644-1634.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2007 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             686 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                              April 7, 2006 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Housing crunch choking the city: Dramatic action needed to address squeeze in
supply

BYLINE: Calgary Herald

SECTION: THE EDITORIAL PAGE; Pg. A28

LENGTH: 687  words


Calgary's economic boom is creating a housing crisis. If left unchecked, it will
curb our prosperity and lead to the creation of an underclass of citizens: the
working poor.

Single family house prices set a record in March, averaging $363,370, up 31 per
cent from a year earlier.

It's madness. Something has to be done now to ease the shortage of affordable
housing so that the city can continue to grow and flourish at a healthy pace.

Newcomers are arriving in droves -- by about five times the national average in
2005, according to Statistics Canada.

They're coming for the opportunities afforded by a strong economy.

The last thing they want is to find themselves homeless.

But homeless they will be if housing prices continue to skyrocket. The problem
here is a shortage of supply.

Calgary's housing market is often compared to Vancouver and Toronto. But, unlike
Vancouver, there is no ocean or mountains standing geographically in the way of
development.

Nor do we have anywhere near the population -- almost four million -- of the
greater Toronto area.

The city must continue to pursue more land through annexation from its
neighbouring municipal districts.

Yet, negotiations with the MD of Rocky View, which borders the city on the
north, east and west sides, have run into frustrating glitches.

The most contentious is Calgary's proposed doubling of annexed land to 150
square kilometres, up from 88 square kilometres requested in 2002.

The MD has rejected the city's request.

While the two administrations sort it out, Calgary can use the land it does have
more efficiently by encouraging the construction of multi-family dwellings in
the inner city.

It can do so by easing the approval process and speeding up the issuing of
permits.

A number of projects are in various stages of planning, all of which would add
higher density to the core.

There's a strong market for condos and apartments, representing a significant
change in attitude from the days when families wanted detached homes and
backyards.

The redevelopment of inner city neighbourhoods such as East Village should be a
priority. The project -- plagued by delays and bogged down in process -- has
received approval for its first phase.

The entire project calls for three 20- to 28-storey towers along 4th Avenue, a
10-storey tower along 3rd Street and six townhouse units across from the Harry
Hays building along Macleod Trail.

These units will ease the crunch significantly.

The city can also increase rental space by allowing basement suites, many of
which are operating illegally outside of Alberta building and fire codes.
Changing the land-use bylaw to allow for suites in basements, above garages or
in coach houses has multiple benefits. Seniors on fixed incomes get to stay in
their homes by renting out their basements. Low-income workers have more housing
alternatives.

Finally, the city must provide incentives for developers to build more rental
units.

The rental stock is dwindling, with landowners all over the city evicting
tenants so they can turn their apartments into more lucrative condos, says Ward
7 Ald. Druh Farrell.

"It's horrible," says Farrell, who is also the chair of the Standing Policy
Committee on Land Use Planning and Transportation.

She points to Vancouver's long-standing practice of "density bonusing" as a
solution. It allows developers more density than is officially sanctioned, in
exchange for a benefit to the community, such as providing certain numbers of
rental units.

Calgary's rents haven't caught up to their more expensive counterparts in
Vancouver and Toronto.

It's perplexing, given that it had a rental vacancy rate of just 1.6 per cent in
2005, one of the lowest in the country.

As of October 2005, a two-bedroom apartment in Calgary went for $808 per month,
up just $2 year over year, and compared with $1,052 for a similar apartment in
Toronto, and $1,004 in Vancouver.

It's a matter of time before those rents catch up, creating an automatic
incentive for developers.

Until then, the city should do all it can to increase its housing supply.
Otherwise, workers won't bother with Calgary.

Unless we build it, they won't come.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Statistics; Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2006 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             687 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Knoxville Journal-Express (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 5, 2013 Thursday

Council approves housing resolution

BYLINE: Steve Woodhouse, Knoxville Journal-Express, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 747 words


Dec. 05--A resolution was passed by the Knoxville City Council Monday night to
express interest in an agreement with a developer for Section 42 Housing.

This was the next step in the application process for the Section 42 Housing tax
credit. The tax credit is similar to a lottery system, in which 30-40 proposals
are received each year and approximately 13 are selected by the Iowa Finance
Authority to receive the credit.

According to the resolution, JNB Villas at Fox Pointe, LP, intends to build a
50-unit multi-family housing complex for tenants who qualify for the housing.
Stewart said the proposal is not the usual low-income housing project, rather it
is aimed at families who may be starting out and cannot yet afford a home.
People making a good wage could still qualify to live in the homes, but they
could also be turned down for making too much money.

The project is focused on southwest Knoxville. The City expresses its intent to,
if the project progresses, form an urban renewal area to make the project
eligible for tax-increment financing. Financial assistance the City pledges to
provide will total up to $625,000, or the present value of 6 percent of the
present day value of the project cost.

City Manager Harold Stewart told the council that the resolution was a
Memorandum of Understanding, a "temporary placeholder" for a potential, more
in-depth agreement to be passed if the project is successful in obtaining the
tax credit.

Other council notes:

--Approved financial reports for the Low Rent Housing Agency, Friends of the
Library and Knoxville Senior Center.

--Following public hearings, in which no comments were made, the council
approved two requests to rezone parcels of land. The council met again Wednesday
to approve the second and waive the third readings in these requests, as they
could not complete the rezoning because the second and third readings were not
mentioned on the posted agenda.

--Approved the purchase of a Raypak Digital ASME Commercial Pool Heater from
Aqua Pool Store in the amount of $1,549. Plumb-Tech will install the heater for
the Recreation Center's indoor pool.

--Approved the purchase of a new pump for the Water Reclamation Facility
(wastewater treatment plant) from Zimmer and Fancescon, Inc., in the amount of
$12,089. The decision was made to purchase a new pump as the old one, which was
27 years old, was malfunctioning. Staff looked into the cost to repair the pump
and the estimate was $8,150.

--The council held a closed session to discuss litigation. Councilor April
Verwers said no action was taken following the closed session. A second closed
session was held for Stewart's performance review. Verwers and Councilor Tim
Pitt report that, while there is always room for improvement, the council is
pleased with the work Stewart has been doing.

"Personally, I feel Harold is doing a very good job as City Manager," Pitt
replied in an email. "He does a good job of communicating and implementing
Council direction, and he has been a big part of the City of Knoxville being on
better financial footing than it has been in several years. We have accomplished
some very big priorities over the last year and Harold has played a vital role
in accomplishing those projects."

Any raises, including one for the City Manager, will be discussed in the
upcoming budget process.

--In his report, Stewart said that as of Monday night, the streetscape crew was
almost done with the sidewalk on the business side of Second Street. Contractors
were expected to begin paving bases for light poles and the bump out portion of
the streetscape will be gravel through the winter.

Because the concrete for the sidewalks is being poured after August, it will
require extra time to cure.

Therefore, property owners along the block cannot use ice melt or other
substances on it.

For this reason, the City will clear snow and ice from the new sidewalk this
winter. Others downtown will have to do their own.

Stewart will also meet with Sen. Amy Sinclair on Dec. 9 to show off some of
Knoxville's successes with tax-increment financing.

Sinclair met with the Mayor's Youth Council Tuesday morning, and the youth
council will meet with Rep. Dave Loebsack on Dec. 9.

--The next regular council meeting will be Monday, Dec. 16, at 6:15 p.m., in the
council chambers at City Hall.

___ (c)2013 The Knoxville Journal-Express (Knoxville, Iowa) Visit The Knoxville
Journal-Express (Knoxville, Iowa) at www.journalexpress.net Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131205-JW-Council-approves-housing-resolution-1205-20131205

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JW


                    Copyright 2013 Knoxville Journal-Express


                             688 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                            January 20, 2012 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Developer thinks small; Company seeks to build compact rental suites at Pandora
site

BYLINE: Andrew A. Duffy, Times Colonist

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 781  words


The company planning to reinvent the 101 year-old Victoria Plaza Hotel is also
considering a plan that could re-imagine rental accommodation in Victoria.

GMC Projects (Griffiths, Milne and Clough) is conceiving a project that could
turn what is now a two-storey building on Pandora Avenue - currently home to the
International College of Traditional Chinese Medicine - into compact rental
suites designed with affordability in mind.

"The idea behind it is to try and provide affordable accommodation within
downtown and urban cores, not just in Victoria," said GMC president Jordan
Milne, whose company has been working with Vancouver architect Michael Katz and
Victoria architect Eric Barker to create a 35-to 40-unit building that screams
small and efficient.

And when they say small, they mean very small: 240 square feet in a studio
suite. Rent would be about $599 a month.

"We have been working with Mike and Eric to provide smaller, more efficient,
well-designed rental units - the reason being we want to bring the rental rate
down and to do that we have to maximize on design and efficiencies," said Milne.

It will be based on Katz's L41 - a play on all for one - modular home design,
which he created with partner, Janet Corne, an artist and designer. Milne said
the idea of L41 is there's "everything you need and nothing you don't."

It is a sub-compact home designed to be affordable in cities where home
ownership is difficult and rental rates are high.

A Vancouver Sun writer who spent a night in a L41 studio prototype last fall
described it as a tiny, modern cube dressed in white, stainless steel, glass and
charcoal grey.

According to Katz's website (www.l41home.com), the units, which can stand alone
or be stacked for multi-family developments, start at $92,000 for a
250-square-foot studio. Buyers can also pay $108,000 for a 350-square-foot
one-bedroom, $123,000 for a 450-square-foot two-bedroom and $150,000 for a
650-square-foot three-bedroom unit.

The numbers for the Pandora Avenue project will be different.

"At this point, we are planning on this being rental accommodation, though that
could change," Milne said.

He said GMC has been discussing the project with governments to determine if
there may be some assistance given the focus on affordability.

"There is obviously a demand within the city of Victoria," Milne said.

Though it's very early in the process, Milne said the expectation is most of the
existing building at 769 Pandora would be removed and replaced with a four-or
five-storey wood-framed structure with a mix of studio, one-and two-bedroom
suites. The building is currently zoned for a variety of uses, said Andrea
Hudson, senior planner of urban design for the City of Victoria.

"It's zoned CA4, which is the central area commercial office district," she
said.

That allows for residential use as long as it is restricted to the second floor
and higher and there is commercial use at grade.

The site can be 43 metres in height, which could mean a 12-to 14-storey
residential development. The site is in a designated development permit area,
which requires city council approval for exterior design, finishes and
landscaping.

Because it is in the downtown, there is no minimum size required for the units.

Outside the downtown, the city requires units to be at least 355 square feet,
which was one of a number of sticking points city council had with another
developer who was considering converting a hotel into affordable housing.

Developer Mike Kelly wanted to renovate a Traveller's Inn at 3025 Douglas St.
into affordable housing units but the project was deemed unacceptable by city
council.

Kelly planned to invest about $1.5 million for renovations to the 50-unit motel
and turn it into 45 self-contained units that would range from 226 square feet
to 387 square feet.

Last fall, Victoria Mayor Dean Fortin said the proposal fell short in a number
of areas, including size of the units.

At this point, the city has not seen a development application from GMC for the
769 Pandora site.

The company hopes to submit a development permit application in the next three
or four months, with a view to some action on the site before the end of this
year.

"We have been looking for a site in Victoria to do this," said Milne, noting the
concept was at one point considered for some part of the Plaza Hotel renovation.

There are currently no concrete plans for the hotel site on Government Street.

"We're quite excited about this," Milne said. "We believe strongly in the rental
market in Victoria.

"We believe there is a need for more rental housing and rental housing that is
designed efficiently and provided at a more affordable price point."

aduffy@timescolonist.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lyle Stafford, Times Colonist; GMC Projects wants to build residential
units as small as 240 square feet, replacing a building at 769 Pandora St.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2012 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                             689 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Daily Item (Sunbury, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 18, 2010 Thursday

SU step closer to buying complex

BYLINE: Tricia Pursell, The Daily Item, Sunbury, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 661 words


Nov. 18--SELINSGROVE -- Susquehanna University is one step closer to purchasing
a 100-unit low-income housing complex adjacent to its campus.

The Selinsgrove Planning Commission voted unanimously on Wednesday to recommend
that the Borough Council change the zoning of Pine Meadows, which would allow
the university to use the apartments as student dormitories.

The property is in a zone that supports multi-family dwellings, but would have
to be changed to a semi-public residential zone in order to be used for student
housing.

Selinsgrove solicitor Bob Cravitz said the process of changing zoning takes
about 90 days and includes a number of advertisements and public hearings.

The planning commission's recommendations to the council also included requiring
the university to construct an eight-foot fence, aesthetic and made of
maintenance-free materials, between Pine Meadows and neighboring properties.

Chris Reiland, a resident on the northern side of Pine Meadows, attended the
commission meeting, wanting to know if the complex will be patrolled and who
would accept the responsibility of keeping residents in order.

"I like the way it is," Reiland admitted, saying that in the 20 years he has
owned property next to the complex, he has never had a problem with residents
there.

Student lifestyles may be different, he said, with more noise and the potential
for weekend parties.

However, Reiland said he will not complain and speak out against the university
if it makes the purchase, and only requested the barrier be constructed for the
purpose of privacy and keeping noise and debris from his property.

Mike Coyne, chief financial officer for Susquehanna University, assured him the
university would take responsibility and that the complex would be patrolled on
a regular basis. In addition, the school would hire a full-time student life
employee to live in the complex. There would be 10 resident assistants and
additional campus security.

Coyne said the 272 to 300 upperclassmen living in the complex would be that many
less renting properties downtown. There are 467 students living off campus.

Dottie Anderson, planning commission member and chairwoman of the Borough
Council's budget committee, said the board should be concerned, as well, about
other issues facing the borough if the university purchases the property.

"I believe we, as a planning commission, should be concerned about the
relocation of these families," she said, speaking of the 300 residents living at
Pine Meadows through a Section 8 housing program.

Conversations with a number of landlords in the borough have revealed an
unwillingness to accept low-income residents in their rental properties, she
said.

Planning commission Vice Chairman Ed Auman, however, said he sees the situation
as more of a business transaction by Susquehanna University, and believed there
should be some sort of recommendation to the Borough Council to hold a forum to
address issues concerning the relocation of residents if that becomes necessary.

Anderson said she also is concerned about real estate taxes that may be lost
with the purchase of the property by the tax-exempt private university.

Although Coyne said the university is planning to pay those taxes, regardless of
its exemption status, Anderson said if there are administration changes in the
future, there is no guarantee that the payments would continue.

Currently, 50 percent of the borough is tax-exempt.

"That's quite frightening for a landlocked borough," Anderson said.

Coyne declined to speak publicly about Susquehanna's talks concerning when it
may purchase the property because negotiations are ongoing.

To see more of The Daily Item or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dailyitem.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Daily Item, Sunbury, Pa.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101118-DN-SU-step-closer-to-buying-complex-1118-20101118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DN


                         Copyright 2010 The Daily Item


                             690 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                             June 27, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

City asks for help with affordable housing funding: Politicians break ground on
two projects

BYLINE: Kim Guttormson, Calgary Herald

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 304  words


The city broke ground Monday on one of two affordable housing complexes starting
construction this year, and officials used the opportunity to make a plea for
more funding from the other levels of government.

Mayor Dave Bronconnier said two of the city's key challenges today are
attracting the skilled labour needed to keep the economy humming and creating
affordable housing.

The shortages are linked, he said. "I very strongly advocate on behalf of the
city to ensure the Government of Alberta recognizes the challenges cannot be
borne by city taxpayers alone."

MP Art Hanger and MLA Wayne Cao, whose governments gave $2.7 million each to the
60-unit Crestwood project, were both on the podium. The city contributed $5
million, plus the land, while the Calgary Real Estate Board's charitable
foundation gave $1.5 million.

The city's housing crunch is well documented, with prices soaring, rental
vacancy rates alarmingly low and some people choosing to camp out rather than
try the market.

Crestwood, expected to be ready by the summer of 2007, will accommodate 60
families, including 10 people who require wheelchair access, and the city
expects to begin work on the 41-unit Vista Heights complex this fall. However,
the mayor said Monday there are now 2,300 people on the waiting list for
affordable housing.

Ald. Joe Ceci, whose ward will be home to both affordable housing projects, said
every Calgarian should be able to afford to live in the city.

"We know with the appreciating real estate market, we're seeing it get out of
many families' reach," said the former social worker. Ceci added the city is
looking at selling off some of its single-family houses and using the proceeds
to invest in multi-family projects.

As well, he thinks the city needs to look at apartment-style buildings.

kguttormson @theherald.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Lorraine Hjalte, Calgary Herald; Ald. Joe Ceci is one of the
official groundbreakers for the Crestwood affordable housing development
(pictured in background). The project, to be finished in summer 2007, will
accommodate 60 families.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2006 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             691 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                              May 12, 2008 Monday

Temporary injunction request denied in stormwater fee lawsuit

BYLINE: Times staff report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 290 words


Officials representing the El Paso Apartment Association (EPAA) and numerous
apartment complexes in El Paso County asked a federal judge to grant a temporary
injunction today against the PSB and the City of El Paso until the lawsuit could
be brought to trial. The injunction was denied after Public Service Board and
city representatives agreed that fees will be refundable if EPAA prevails in the
suit and that water will not be turned off on any property that is appealing the
fee, according to a news release from the EPAA.

The EPAA filed a lawsuit against the CEO of the Public Service Board (PSB) and
the City of El Paso in the United States District Court on April 29. A trial
date has not been set.

The lawsuit alleges violations of the Fair Housing Act of 1968, a fee prohibited
by the Texas Constitution because it is really a "tax," and denial of equal
protection.

The lawsuit explains that bills with fees three to four times that of single
family detached homes have been received by apartment owners.

According to the news release, "the City's attempt to fix the stormwater fee
schedule has thus far failed and has not solved the complaints that the EPAA has
filed. For example, single-family detached homes are not charged for streets,
driveways, sidewalks, walkways, porches, patios, rock walls, and garages;
apartment dwellers are because PSB is classifying apartments as
"non-residential." EPAA has asked apartment owners and managers to mark "under
protest" on their checks when paying their stormwater fees."The EPAA is a
nonprofit Texas Corporation and trade industry group, representing owners and
managers of 34,000 multi-family housing rental units in El Paso County. EPAA is
an affiliate of the Texas Apartment Association.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             692 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                            November 23, 2012 Friday

Boulder gives out more than $160,000 in SmartRegs rebates

BYLINE: Mitchell Byars, Camera Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 276 words


Boulder officials announced Friday that there are no more SmartRegs rebates
available for 2012 after giving out $160,420 in upgrade assistance this year.

The rebates -- designed to help defray the cost of complying with the city's new
SmartRegs energy-efficiency standards for rental property owners -- will be
available again in 2013, but the amount and structure of the rebates have not
been announced.



 Boulder is on track to reach its 2012 benchmarks for the rental housing
ordinance, with 5,000 rental units getting an initial inspection and 2,500 of
those expected to meet the energy-efficiency requirements by the end of the
year.



 SmartRegs will require all of the city's estimated 19,000 rental properties to
meet a points-based rating system for energy efficiency by 2019.



 Rental property owners are still eligible for a $30 discount off the $120 cost
of home energy assessments through Boulder County's EnergySmart program for
single-family and multi-family properties until the end of the year.



 "Now is a perfect time for property owners to plan ahead and get their initial
home energy assessment through EnergySmart," said Megan Cuzzolino, Boulder's
residential sustainability specialist, in a statement. "The assessment is the
first step in the process; once 2013 rebates funds are secured, these property
owners will be a step ahead in the process."



 Residents and property owners who enroll in the program are paired with an
energy adviser to help them find rebates and financing opportunities and connect
with qualified contractors.



 For more information, visit EnergySmartYES.com; or call 303-544-1000 for homes
or 303-411-1300 for businesses.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                             693 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          Copyright 2017 W/D Partners
                                   Worldscope

                                 March 26, 2017

                       ECHELON INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION

                                   Suite 200
                              450 Carillon Parkway
                           St. Petersburg,  FL 33716
                                 UNITED STATES

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: +1 727 803-8200
URL: http://www.echelonintl.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
CUSIP: 278747100
SEDOL: 2316288
ISIN: US2787471000
DISCLO NUMBER: E179977925
WORLDSCOPE NUMBER: 278747100

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
OPERATING STATUS: INACTIVE - 03/09/2000
EMPLOYEES: 138

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
OFFICERS:

     ·    D.A. LECLAIR, Chairman, President & Chief Executive
     ·    L.J. NEWSOME, Senior Vice President & Chief Fin'l


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Echelon International Corporation is a real estate and financial services
company. The company operates in two major segments real estate and lending and
leasing services. The significant portion of real estate holdings of the company
is represented by several large parcels of undeveloped land in St. Petersburg
area. The main strategy of the company is to construct apartments and to provide
affordable housing. The other main business of the company is lending and
leasing business. A portfolio of commercial real estate loans secured is
manitained by the company. The company also operates on collateralized financing
and leasing of aircraft and other equipment. The company has incurred $.3
million related to year 2000 expense. Rental and other operations revenue
accounted for 57% of 1998 revenues; investment income, 27% and finance and
operating leases, 16%.
INDUSTRY TYPE: OTHER FINANCIAL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC CODES:
6159 - Misc. business credit institutions
6512 - Nonresidential building operators
WORLDSCOPE INDUSTRY GROUP:
4380 - LAND AND REAL ESTATE
PRODUCTS:
FINANCIAL SERVICES

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: 12/1998




                              KEY FINANCIALS (USD)

                                  12/31/98          12/31/97          12/31/96
MARKET CAP                     149,179,809       149,172,379       105,681,328
COMMON EQTY                    215,800,000       209,100,000       201,400,000
COMMON EQTY - CURR             221,100,000                 -                 -
TOTAL ASSETS                   494,200,000       460,500,000       531,000,000
SALES                           40,300,000        41,900,000        63,200,000
NET INCOME                       9,500,000         7,600,000      (27,500,000)

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *



                               ASSETS (000's USD)

                                      12/31/98        12/31/97        12/31/96
CASH & SHORT TERM INVESTMENTS           21,600          49,800          63,300
CASH[B]                                      -           7,800               -
SHORT TERM INVESTMENTS                       -          42,000               -
RECEIVABLES(NET)                         1,400           1,200           1,100
TOTAL INVESTMENTS                      243,000         236,100         266,500
LOANS - NET                            240,700         236,100         266,500
LOANS - TOTAL                          240,700         236,100         266,500
OTHER INVESTMENTS                        2,300               0               0
INVESTMNT IN ASSOCIATED COS             21,800          47,200          32,500
PROPERTY, PLANT & EQUIP - NET          201,800         119,200         130,100
PROPERTY, PLANT & EQUIP-GROSS          232,700         144,100         166,700
LAND                                         -          15,200          15,200
BUILDINGS[A]                                 -          78,000         107,900
MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT[D]                     -           2,900           1,600
RENTAL/LEASED PROPERTY                       -          12,500          12,500
OTHER PROPERTY, PLANT & EQUIPM               -          35,500          29,500
ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION                30,900          24,900          36,600
OTHER ASSETS - TOTAL                     4,600           7,000          37,500
TOTAL ASSETS                           494,200         460,500         531,000

   [A]: INCLUDES IMPROVEMENTS

   [B]: INCLUDES CASH EQUIVALENTS

   [D]: INCLUDES OTHER





                            LIABILITIES (000's USD)

                                      12/31/98        12/31/97        12/31/96
TOTAL DEBT                             121,700          77,100         149,400
SHORT TERM DEBT & CURRENT PORT          15,700          12,200          75,600
LONG TERM DEBT                         106,000          64,900          73,800
LONG-TERM DEBT EXCL CAP LEASES         106,000          64,900          73,800
CAPITALIZED LEASE OBLIGATIONS                0               0               0
DEFERRED TAXES                         131,400         145,800         163,300
DEFERRED TAXES - CREDIT                      -               -         135,000
DEFERRED TAXES - DEBIT                       -               -        (28,300)
OTHER LIABILITIES                       25,300          28,500          16,900
TOTAL LIABILITIES                      278,400         251,400         329,600




                               EQUITY (000's USD)

                                      12/31/98        12/31/97        12/31/96
NON-EQUITY RESERVES                          0               0               0
MINORITY INTEREST                            0               0               0
PREFERRED STOCK                              0               0               0
COMMON SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY            215,800         209,100         201,400
COMMON STOCK                               100             100             100
CAPITAL SURPLUS                        282,200         279,500         279,400
REVALUATION RESERVES                         0               0               0
OTHER APPROPRIATED RESERVES            (1,000)               -               -
RETAINED EARNINGS                     (61,000)        (70,500)        (78,100)
ESOP GUARANTEES                              0               0               0
UNREALIZED FOREIGN EXC GAN/LOS               0               0               0
UNREALZD GAIN/LOSS ON MKTB SEC               0           1,500               0
TREASURY STOCK                           4,500           1,500               0
TOTAL LIABILITIES & SHAREHOLDE         494,200         460,500         531,000

* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
(000's USD)                           12/31/98        12/31/97        12/31/96
NET SALES OR REVENUES                   40,300          41,900          63,200
INTEREST INCOME - TOTAL                  4,200           6,600          17,100
OTHER OPERATING INCOME                  36,100          35,300          46,100
COST OF GOODS SOLD (EXCL DEP)           15,300          13,300          32,300
INTEREST EXPENSE - TOTAL                 5,500           9,000          18,700
SELLING, GENERAL & ADMINISTRAT           8,400           9,100          11,900
DEPRECIATION/DEPLETION/AMORT             6,000           5,700           6,100
DEPRECIATION                             6,000           4,700           5,600
AMORTIZATION OF INTANGIBLES                  -           1,000             500
OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES                     0               0          39,000
OPERATING EXPENSES - TOTAL              35,200          37,100         108,000
OPERATING INCOME                         5,100           4,800        (44,800)
NON-OPERATING INTEREST INCOME                -               0               0
EXTRAORDINARY CREDIT -                       -               0               0
PRETAX[C]
EXTRAORDINARY CHARGE - PRETAX                0               0               0
OTHER INCOME/EXPENSE - NET               1,800           4,500               0
RESERVES - INCREASE/DECREASE                 0               0               0
PRETAX INCOME                            6,900           9,300        (44,800)
INCOME TAXES                           (1,500)           2,100        (15,500)
CURRENT DOMESTIC INCOME TAX             11,400               -               -
CURRENT FOREIGN INCOME TAX                   0               -               -
DEFERRED DOMESTIC INC TAX             (12,700)               -               -
DEFERRED FOREIGN INC TAX                     0               -               -
INCOME TAX CREDITS                         200               -               -
MINORITY INTEREST                            0               0               0
EQUITY IN EARNINGS                         300           2,300               0
AFTER TAX OTHER INCOME/EXPENSE               0               0               0
DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS                      0               0               0
NET INC BEFORE EXTRA/PFD DIVS            8,700           9,500        (29,300)
EXTRA ITEMS & GAIN/LOSS SALE O             800         (1,900)           1,800
NET INCOME BEFORE PREFERRED DI           9,500           7,600        (27,500)
PREFERRED DIVIDEND REQUIREMENT               0               0               0
NET INCOME - BASIC                       8,700           9,500        (29,300)
NET INCOME AVAILABLE TO COMMON           8,700           9,500        (29,300)

   [C]: EXTRAORDINARY ITEM EXIST, BUT CANNOT BE BROKEN OUT


* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
(000's USD)                           12/31/98        12/31/97        12/31/96
NET INCOME/STARTING LINE                 8,700           9,500        (29,300)
DEPRECIATION, DEPLETION & AMOR           6,000           5,700           6,100
DEPRECIATION AND DEPLETION               6,000           4,700           5,600
AMORTIZATION-INTANGIBLE ASSETS               -           1,000             500
DEFERRED INCOME TAXES & INVEST        (12,700)         (9,100)        (19,000)
DEFERRED INCOME TAXES                 (12,700)         (9,100)        (19,000)
TOTAL OTHER CASH FLOW                  (8,500)         (9,300)          32,700
FUNDS FROM OPERATIONS                  (6,500)         (3,200)         (9,500)
TOTAL SOURCES                          118,800         209,200          34,200
TOTAL USES                             118,800         209,200          34,200
FUNDS-OTHER OPER ACTIVITIES              6,900         (7,900)         (8,500)
INCREASE/DECREASE ACCT PAYABLE        6,100[A]         (9,200)           2,400
INCREASE/DECREASE INC TAX                    -               -        (10,800)
PAYA[A]
DECREASE/INCR OTH ASTS/LIABILT             800           1,300           (100)
NET CASH FLOW-OPERATING ACTIVS             400        (11,100)        (18,000)
CAPITAL EXPENDITURES                    90,400          13,100           9,100
ADDITIONS TO OTHER ASSETS                    0               0               0
NET ASSETS FROM ACQUISITIONS                 0               0               0
INCREASE IN INVESTMENTS                 20,400          77,100               0
DECREASE IN INVESTMENTS                 52,300          90,500               0
DISPOSAL OF FIXED ASSETS                 3,200          29,200          21,100
OTHER USE/(SOURCE) - INVESTING        (28,100)               0        (49,500)
OTHER USES - INVESTING                       0               0               0
OTHER SOURCES - INVESTING               28,100               0          49,500
NET CASH FLOW - INVESTING               27,200        (29,500)        (61,500)
NET PROCEEDS FROM SALE/ISSUE C             200             100               0
PROCEEDS FROM STOCK OPTIONS                  0               0               0
OTHER PROCEEDS FROM SALE/ISSUA             200             100               0
COM/PFD PURCHASED, RETIRED, CO           3,000           1,500               0
LONG TERM BORROWINGS                    48,400          45,000         136,200
REDUCTION IN LONG TERM DEBT              4,700         117,300          25,000
CASH DIVIDENDS PAID - TOTAL                  0               0               0
COMMON DIVIDENDS (CASH)                      0               0               0
PREFERRED DIVIDENDS (CASH)                   0               0               0
INCREASE/DECREASE IN SHORT TER               0               0       (115,400)
OTHER SOURCE (USE) - FINANCING           (300)           (200)          23,600
OTHER SOURCES - FINANCING                    0               0          23,700
OTHER USES - FINANCING                     300             200             100
NET CASH FLOW - FINANCING               40,600        (73,900)          19,400
INCREASE/DECREASE IN CASH/SHOR          13,800        (55,500)          62,900

   [A]: INCLUDES CHANGES IN INCOME TAX RECEIVABLE

   [A]: INCLUDES OTHER LIABILITIES


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
(000's USD)                           12/31/98        12/31/97        12/31/96
RENTAL INCOME                           23,100          22,200          11,900
INTEREST EXPENSE ON DEBT                 7,300           9,000          18,700
INTEREST CAPITALIZED                     1,800               0               0
NET INCOME - DILUTED                     8,700           9,500               -
OPTG PROVISIONS                              -               -          31,400
DIVIDEND INCOME - NON-OPTG                   -               0               0
DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS-PRETAX               0               0               0
GAINS/LOSS ON DISPOSAL OF ASTS               -               0               0
FOREIGN EXCHANGE TRANSACTIONS                -               -               0
FOREIGN CURR TRANS GAIN/LOSS                 -               -               0
TOTAL CAPITAL                          321,800         274,000         275,200
EXPORTS                                      0               0               0
EARNINGS BEF INTEREST & TAXES           12,400          18,300        (26,100)

(000's USD)                           12/31/98        12/31/97        12/31/96
TOTAL INVENTORIES                        1,000           1,100           3,100
FINANCE RECEIVABLES                    240,700         236,100         266,500
INVST-SALES-DIRECT-FING-LEASES               -               0               0

(000's USD)                           12/31/98        12/31/97        12/31/96
NON-CONVERTIBLE DEBT                   106,000          64,900          73,800
CONVERTIBLE DEBT                             0               0               0
EXTERNAL FINANCING                      40,900        (73,700)         (4,200)

(000's USD)                           12/31/98        12/31/97        12/31/96
INTEREST PAID (CASH FLOW)                5,200           8,500          23,900
TAXATION (CASH FLOW)                    11,800           9,400          14,200

(000's USD)                           12/31/98        12/31/97        12/31/96
INTERNATIONAL ASSETS                         0               0               0
INTERNATIONAL SALES                          0               0               0
INTERNATIONAL OPERATING INCOME               0               0               0

                                      12/31/98        12/31/97        12/31/96
FOREIGN ASSETS GROWTH                     0.00            0.00               -
FOREIGN SALES GROWTH                      0.00            0.00               -
FOREIGN INCOME GROWTH                     0.00            0.00               -
FOREIGN ASSETS % TOTAL ASSETS             0.00            0.00            0.00
FOREIGN SALES % TOTAL SALES               0.00            0.00            0.00
FOREIGN INCOME % TOTAL INCOME             0.00            0.00            0.00

                                      12/31/98        12/31/97        12/31/96
NET SALES/REVENUES -1YR ANN GR          (3.82)         (33.70)               -
OPERATING INCOME - 1 YR ANNUAL            6.25               -               -
NET INCOME - 1 YR ANNUAL GROWT           25.00               -               -
TOTAL ASSETS - 1 YR ANNUAL GRO            7.32         (13.28)               -
EQUITY - 1 YR                             3.20            3.82               -
EMPLOYEES - 1 YR ANNUAL GROWTH           50.00           26.03               -
EARNINGS PER SHARE - 1 YR               (8.57)               -               -
DIVIDENDS PER SHARE - 1 YR                0.00            0.00               -
BOOK VALUE PER SHARE - 1 YR               1.96            5.32               -
LOANS - 1 YR GROWTH RATE                  1.95         (11.41)               -
NET MARGIN - 1 YR GROWTH RATE            29.96               -               -

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
                                      12/31/98        12/31/97        12/31/96
TOTAL DEBT % COMMON EQUITY               56.39           36.87           74.18
TOTAL ASSETS/COMMON EQUITY                2.29            2.20            2.64
LONG TERM DEBT % COMMON EQUITY           49.12           31.04           36.64
TOTAL DEBT % TOTAL CAPITAL/STD           36.06           26.94           42.59
LONG TERM DEBT % TOTAL CAPITAL           32.94           23.69           26.82
MINORITY INTEREST % TOTAL CAPI            0.00            0.00            0.00
EQUITY % TOTAL CAPITAL                   67.06           76.31           73.18
PREFERRED STOCK % TOTAL CAPITA            0.00            0.00            0.00
TOTAL DEBT % TOTAL ASSETS                24.63           16.74           28.14
COMMON EQTY % TOTAL ASSETS               43.67           45.41           37.93
TOTAL CAPITAL % ASSETS                   65.12           59.50           51.83
TOTAL LOANS % TOTAL ASSETS               48.70           51.27           50.19
INVESTED ASSETS % ASSETS                 49.17           51.27           50.19
INVESTED ASSETS % LIABILITIES            87.28           93.91           80.86
DIVIDEND PAYOUT (% EARNINGS)              0.00            0.00            0.00
FIXED CHARGE COVERAGE RATIO               1.70            2.03          (1.40)
OPERATING CASH/FIXED CHARGES            (0.89)          (0.36)          (0.51)
FIXED ASSETS % COMMON EQUITY             93.51           57.01           64.60
EBIT/INTEREST EXPENSE                     1.70            2.03          (1.40)

                                      12/31/98        12/31/97        12/31/96
RETURN ON EQUITY - TOTAL (%)              4.47            3.70               -
RETURN ON EQUITY - PER SHARE              4.04            4.58               -
REINVESTMENT RATE (EEG)/SHR 1Y            4.04            4.58               -
REINVESTMENT RATE (EEG)/TOT 1Y            4.47            3.70               -
RETURN ON ASSETS                          2.74            2.71               -
RETURN ON INVESTED CAPITAL                4.19            4.22               -
CASH EARNS RETURN ON EQUITY             (3.06)          (1.56)               -
CASH FLOW/SALES                        (16.13)          (7.64)         (15.03)
COST OF GOODS SOLD/SALES                 37.97           31.74           51.11
SELLING, GENERAL & ADM / SALES           20.84           21.72           18.83
OPERATING PROFIT MARGIN                  12.66           11.46         (70.89)
OPERATING INCOME/TOTAL CAPITAL            1.71            1.75               -
PRETAX MARGIN                            17.12           22.20         (70.89)
TAX RATE                                     -           22.58               -
INTEREST RATE                             6.00           11.67           12.52
NET MARGIN                               23.57           18.14         (43.51)
EARN ASSETS % ASSETS                     49.17           51.27           50.19
SALES PER EMPLOYEE                  292,028.99      455,434.78      865,753.42

                                      12/31/98        12/31/97        12/31/96
ASSETS PER EMPLOYEE               3,581,159.42    5,005,434.78    7,273,972.60
TOTAL ASSET TURNOVER                      0.08            0.09            0.12
TOTAL LOANS % TOTAL ASSETS               48.70           51.27           50.19
INVESTED ASSETS % ASSETS                 49.17           51.27           50.19
CAPITAL EXPENDT % TOTAL ASSETS           19.63            2.47               -
CAPITAL EXPENDT % TOTAL SALES           224.32           31.26           14.40

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
SECURITY TYPE: Common
NUMBER OF SHAREHOLDERS: 27,517
SHAREHOLDERS:

     ·    Jeffrey S. Halis, 10.2%; Franklin Advisory Services, Inc., 7.5%; Fire
          Tree, Inc., 7.0%; Ingalls & Synder LLC, 6.9%; Kestrel Investment Mgmt
          Corp, 5.6%; Tweedy, Browne Company LLC, 5.2%


* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Klynveld Peat Marwick Goerdeler
Klynveld Peat Marwick Goerdeler
Unqualified





                              1998 (Thousands USD)

                      SALES  OPTG INCOME       ASSETS      CAP EXP       DEPREC
UNITED STATES        40,300       10,600      494,200       90,400        6,000





                              1998 (Thousands USD)

                      SALES  OPTG INCOME       ASSETS      CAP EXP       DEPREC
COMMERCIAL           25,300            -      143,700       36,800        4,100
REAL ESTATE
MULTI-FAMILY            900            -       61,900       52,400          300
RESIDENTIAL
REAL ESTATE
INVESTMENTS IN       10,700            -      266,400       89,200        1,100
FINANCIAL
ASSETS
NON-SEGMENT           3,700            -       22,200        1,200          500

ACCOUNTING PRACTICES FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDING 05/11/99
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOLLOWED: US standards (GAAP)
ACCOUNTING PRACTICES FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDING 05/11/98
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOLLOWED: US standards (GAAP)
ACCOUNTING METHOD FOR LONG TERM INVESTMENT >50%: All subsidiaries are
consolidated
ACCOUNTING PRACTICES FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDING 05/11/97
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOLLOWED: US standards (GAAP)
ACCOUNTING METHOD FOR LONG TERM INVESTMENT >50%: All subsidiaries are
consolidated

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2017


                             694 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             May 10, 2014 Saturday

IHS-SA

LENGTH: 517  words


Project number : 31851
Region : Sub-Saharan Africa
Company name : IHS
Country  : South Africa
Sector : P-BC - Private Equity/Venture Cap Fund - Sector
Department : Reg Manufact, Agri & Services, CAF/CLA
Environmental category : FI2
Status : Pending Disbursement
Date SPI disclosed : May 8, 2014
Projected board date : June 9, 2014
Last Updated Date : October 18, 2012
Previous Events Signed: December 19, 2012
Approved: December 28, 2012
Project Description :


The Project consists of investing in  IHS Fund II , a ZAR2.4 billion (~US$300
million equivalent) affordable housing fund (the  Fund ) that will provide
equity for the development of affordable housing projects primarily in South
Africa and selectively in Sub-Saharan African countries (the  Project  ). The
Fund will be managed by International Housing Solutions (IHS), through its main
investment management team based in South Africa, International Housing
Solutions South Africa ( IHS-SA ). This will be the second IHS fund to focus on
affordable housing in South Africa, after the  South Africa Workforce Housing
Fund I , a R1.9 billion (~US$240 million) 10-year fund that was closed in 2008.
IHS is one of the most important equity investors in the South African housing
space. The target market will be lower-and-middle income houses priced between
ZAR250,000 and ZAR800,000 (i.e. approx US$30,000 to US$100,000).The fund will
focus on the following types of projects    (i) New Builds    Develop new
single-family and multifamily housing, as well as related commercial real estate
(ii) Conversions    Rehabilitation of existing real estate to multifamily
housing (iii) Acquisition, Rental, and Sale    Transactions in single family and
multifamily housing.
The IFC participation in this Fund will be an investment of up to US$25 million,
but not to exceed 20% of total fund size. . In addition, an up to US$10 million
concessional investment from the Global Environment Facility, through the IFC
Earth Fund Platform, would support the Fund making investments in green housing
projects in South Africa. The Fund will seek to deliver equity type returns with
a target IRR of 20%+, net of fund cost, fees and carry. By the time the Fund
matures, it is expected that safe and affordable housing would have been
provided to over 20,000 families.
Project Sponsor and Major Shareholders of Project Company :
International Housing Solutions limited is a company owned by the following: MMA
Financial International, LLC (MMA Int?), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of
Municipal Mortgage & Equity, LLC called  MuniMae  (a U.S. real estate finance
company) (82.2%); Cathal Conaty, its founder and Managing Partner (13.2%); and
two other investors, Ronan King and Frank Gormley (4.6%). MuniMae, the largest
shareholder, is a diverse real estate financial company specializing in
tax-exempt bonds issued by state and local government authorities in the United
States and secured by affordably multi-family housing Project completion date :
2015-05-31 12:00:00  Major organization : INTERNATIONAL HOUSING SOLUTIONS (PTY)
LTD

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             695 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Laurinburg Exchange, North Carolina

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 16, 2011 Saturday

City to consider housing complex

BYLINE: Scott Witten, The Laurinburg Exchange, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 464 words


April 16--There will be a public hearing Tuesday on a request to develop a
56-unit multi-family housing complex near the Scotland Crossing Shopping Center
.

The Laurinburg City Council is expected to consider whether to grant a
conditional use permit to Greeway Residential Development of Rock Hill, S.C. The
developers want to locate the subsidized apartments on 9.7 acres off U.S. 74.

The project is expected to cost $6 million and could be completed in a year,
according to the developers. The proposed complex will include two- and
three-bedroom apartments.

The Laurinburg Planning Board gave a its blessing to the project in a 5 to 2
vote. Some Planning Board member Charles Parker said he had received several
calls from residents that the project would be problematic.

According to Parker, there were concerns that the project would cause traffic
congestion in the area and pose safety problems for children in the proposed
development.

City Planner Brandi Deese said the city has also expressed some concerns to the
state Department of Transportation regarding sigh hindrance for left turns off
Scotland Crossing Drive onto West Boulevard and the speed limit along West
Boulevard. Deese said the DOT had no interest in resolving the city's concerns.

Board Chairman Hal Jernigan said he would like to see a traffic study done
before the city proceeds with the project. Jernigan also expressed concerns
about school buses utilizing Scotland Crossing Drive.

Parker also argued that the property should be used for commercial not
residential purposes. He added that tax credits developments attract people from
surrounding counties.

Parker and Ken Jackson voted against recommending that the city grant the permit
request. Chairman Jernigan had abstained from voting until the traffic study
could be completed, but he was told that by statue he could not abstain from
voting unless he had a financial interest in the matter. Because he was
ineligible to abstain, Jernigan's vote was counted as an affirmative vote.

No one spoke in opposition to the request at the Planning Board meeting.

The hearing begins at 7 p.m. at the upstairs council room of the Laurinburg
Municipal Building at 303 West Church Street.

There will also be a public hearing Tuesday on a request for conditional use
permit for the operation of sports bar-private club at 228 North Main Street.

The Planning Board also recommended that the city approve the request. Henry
Llyod is would operate the club.

To see more of The Laurinburg Exchange, go to
http://www.laurinburgexchange.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Laurinburg Exchange,
N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110416-1LX-City-to-consider-housing-complex-0416-20110416

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LX


                                 Copyright 2011


                             696 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                              July 25, 2011 Monday

Rolling Rock Apartments nearly completed

BYLINE: Becky Orr

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Main; Pg. A06

LENGTH: 566 words


The 60 units for low-income residents should be ready soon.

By Becky Orr

borr@wyomingnews.com

CHEYENNE - When the new Rolling Rock Apartments open next month, Cheyenne will
have more choices in affordable housing.

The multifamily complex at 302 Montalto Drive has 60 units of two- and
three-bedroom apartments.

The complex for low-income residents has two 30-unit buildings, plus a community
house.

The facility in south Cheyenne is located east of South Greeley Highway between
East Jefferson Avenue and East Fox Farm Road.

Construction is continuing. One 30-unit building should be ready to open by Aug.
15 and the second one by Sept. 15, said Nancy Kimbrough, property manager for
Highland Property Management.

Highland Property Management manages affordable housing in Wyoming and Montana.
It provides tax credit housing and market rate communities for families and
seniors.

"It provides nice housing - luxury apartments - that are affordable for the
lower income," she said of the complex.

Each apartment in the multifamily complex has two bathrooms and individual
patios or balconies. Every apartment has a washer and dryer, all kitchen
appliances, including a built-in microwave, garbage disposal, dishwasher,
self-cleaning oven and central air-conditioning.

Every apartment will have individual carport parking as well. People cannot
smoke in the apartments, but they can smoke on their patio or balcony.

People can select from one of three floor plans. The two-bedroom units have
1,000 square feet, and three-bedroom apartments have 1,100 square feet.

The complex will have a playground, basketball court and 24-hour on-call staff.
Kimbrough will live on site and manage the apartments.

Residents can schedule family get-togethers at the community house, which
features kitchen facilities.

There are handicapped accessible apartments, and all lower-level apartments can
be adapted.

People must meet income qualifications. Rent will be based on 50 percent of the
average income in Cheyenne.

Those who meet requirements will pay $590 a month rent for the two-bedroom units
and $680 a month for the three-bedroom units.

A few two-bedroom apartments will rent for $555, and a few three-bedroom units
will rent for $643, she said.

Income for a one-person household cannot exceed $23,600, for example. A
six-person household cannot make more than $39,100.

The management company recommends that people earn 2.5 times the amount of rent
unless they have rental assistance. That way, they are more likely to afford the
rent and meet other costs, according to Kimbrough.

Rolling Rock Apartments is a Section 42 low-income house tax-credit property
built by Summit Housing Group Inc., which is based in Missoula, Mont., according
to information from Highland Property.

If a person rents the apartment at one rate for a year, they can remain there if
they earn more in subsequent years. Some low-income housing requires people to
move if they earn more.

She said the facility is perfect for income levels on Social Security and
disability. Rent rates fall perfectly within Section 8 guidelines, she added,
noting that she recently started processing applications.

This is Highland's first property in Cheyenne, but it wants to open another one
in the future.

The company has three separate complexes in Gillette, four in Casper and four in
Montana.

It will open two properties in Sheridan and is in the process of adding more.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The new Rolling Rock Apartments are located in south Cheyenne east of
South Greeley Highway between East Jefferson Avenue and East Fox Farm Road. The
multi-family complex has 60 units of two- and three-bedroom apartments, and the
complex for low-income residents has two 30-unit buildings, plus a community
house. Michael Smith/staff

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             697 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Waikato Times (Hamilton, New Zealand)

                             July 20, 2013 Saturday

Fletcher Building eyes affordable housing, apartment market

BYLINE: Marta Steeman

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 270 words


New Zealand's biggest building company Fletcher Building is drawing up a new
strategy that could see it build thousands of homes a year.

Christchurch may be its first target market because of the availability of land
and the need for new homes after the earthquakes.

It is also investigating whether it could factory-produce the parts.

Its staple has been expensive "bespoke" homes in the Auckland market but it is
now eyeing low-rise apartments, social and affordable housing and multi-family
dwellings.

The move is driven by new chief executive Mark Adamson.

"I come to run New Zealand's biggest construction company home builder and
discover we make 300 houses [a year]. My first question is why aren't we making
more? And we're a New Zealand company, why aren't we building more throughout
the country and not just Auckland," Adamson said.

He had asked the team to have a clear direction by Christmas.

"I think there is a market for multi- family dwellings, low-rise apartments. I
think there is some social housing angle that we have been talking to Housing
New Zealand about, I think there is an affordable homes angle."

The Auckland market was more of a challenge because of the lack of large parcels
of land close to the centre of the city. Christchurch had the money and the need
and the land.

New construction techniques for affordable housing were used around the world.
The floor plans of each were the same and the house parts were built in
factories but clever architects could "dress up the exterior" to be different.

Adamson said Fletcher was "looking at whether we can factory-produce but that's
a way off."

Fairfax NZ

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Fairfax New Zealand Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             698 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 14, 2005 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Report Urges Affordable Housing in Charles

BYLINE: Joshua Partlow, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B04

LENGTH: 720 words


On one side of a debate about the future of Charles County stood Waldorf
resident Robert Daniels.

"I'm not looking to be crowded in and have neighbors every 10 feet," Daniels,
66, told a packed auditorium in La Plata last week during a public forum about a
zoning change that could clear  the way for 400  apartments on a former Southern
Maryland turf farm. "We don't need to pack people in."

Two speakers later, John Warren, pastor of Calvary Gospel Church, who lives in
the same burgeoning section of Southern Maryland, took the podium.

"I've got kids that can't find a place to live in Charles County because they
can't afford a $400,000 house," he said. "We've got to put people somewhere."

With skyrocketing home prices, the demand for affordable housing has grown
across the Washington area. At the same time, residents in Charles, a
fast-changing outer-rim suburban county, are complaining about clogged roads,
schools and neighborhoods. The issue has surged to the forefront in the county
as a new housing report calls for more building, particularly of apartments,
while some neighborhoods are battling to keep growth at bay.

The Community Development Housing Plan, intended to guide policy for up to a
decade, was adopted this week by the Charles County Commissioners. It identified
"almost no for-sale housing available" in lower price ranges, nearly 100 percent
rental occupancy and a population projected to increase by 52 percent, the
fastest of any county in Maryland, over the next 15 years. A severe example of
the housing shortage in Charles came to light in November, when a 33-year-old
woman was arrested for locking her two daughters in a commercial storage shed
where they were living.

The plan recommends increasing the building rate for rental units -- adding
about 7,400  by 2020 -- as well as allowing taller buildings in some areas, and
zoning more land for multi-family dwellings. The report, prepared over two years
by county housing officials and consultants, noted that the number of people in
Charles below the poverty level grew by 30 percent from  1990 to  2000. It also
reported that the fair market rent for a one-bedroom apartment in Charles, $984
a month in 2003, was not affordable for those receiving the average salary of
$32,000 a year.

"We know we have a lack of housing for our professional people, such as
teachers, policemen, as well as the poor," said County Commissioners President
Wayne Cooper (D). "We don't have enough apartments. We need more."

But when it comes to building more apartments, many residents, fed up with the
congested roads and schools, have been adamantly opposed.

In one community, St. Charles, neighbors have gone door to door on a petition
campaign to block the construction of 404 apartments on St. Patrick's Drive.

Another contentious project would bring 400 garden-style apartments to a planned
business park on 92 acres, known as the Greensward property, along Route 228 in
Waldorf.

The construction requires a change to a "mixed-use" zone. But because  county
rules  allow these zones only in properties larger than 150 acres, the developer
first requested that these rules be changed to accommodate smaller tracts.  The
county planning commission recommended denying that change, and hundreds of
residents have turned out at  meetings in opposition.

"We already have a horrendous amount of traffic here," said Daniels, a retiree
who lives in a five-bedroom brick house across from the Greensward property. He
said his 20-year-old daughter was killed on Route 228 in a traffic accident in
1982. "When you're talking 400 apartments, this is a massive number of people,
and we don't have the infrastructure to support it," he said.

The housing report also said Charles will need to build 1,414 homes a  year to
keep up with the projected influx of residents over the next 15 years. Last
year, the county approved 807 building permits for single-family homes.

Charles County's population grew by 19 percent in the 1990s, up to 120,500 by
2000, census figures show. An additional 63,000 people are projected by 2020,
the report said. The average home in the county sold for $283,900 last October,
a jump of 38 percent over the same period in 2003, according to the latest
statistics available from the Southern Maryland Association of Realtors.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                             699 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                   Umpqua CDC

                               605 SE Kane Street
                              Roseburg,  OR 97470
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (541) 673-4909
URL: www.umpquacdc.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Umpqua CDC was established in 1991 to develop affordable housing for
low-moderate income residents and to promote economic development in Douglas
County, OR. We began operations by developing affordable multi-family rental
housing complexes. In 1999 we expanded to serve Coos and Curry Counties through
housing and economic development activities. Over our 15 years of operations, we
have met the housing and economic goals by creating five major business lines
with interrlations between each of them:   Affordable Housing Development
Education, Training, and Homeowner Assistance Economic Development Community
Development Asset and Property Mangement   Each of these business lines has
sub-categories, such as the micro-business development program and our own
non-profit based business, Heartwood ReSources, which both fall under Economic
Development. We expect further expansion within some of these categories, with
emphasis shifting as local needs change.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             700 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                             August 12, 2011 Friday

Readers' Forum for Aug. 12

BYLINE: From Marin Independent Journal readers

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 557 words


Novato has done its share

This is in response to the July 24 editorial, "Housing list an important step
for Novato" and its comment that if the state doesn't require cities to plan for
affordable housing, it won't get built.

Perhaps that is true with other Marin towns and cities, such as Ross and
Belvedere, but it is an inaccurate statement about Novato.

The truth is, according to the Association of Bay Area Governments, Novato has
20 percent of Marin's population, yet it shoulders 33 percent of Marin's
affordable housing.

In addition, Novato has three Habitat for Humanity homes, a seven-unit Gilead
House, numerous group homes for the disabled, all of which are successful
low-density affordable housing models.

Unfortunately they all don't count toward our housing element.

In addition, Novato built out Hamilton's Bay Vista at 100 percent affordable
housing, more than the state-required 20 percent. That shows Novato does plan
and implement affordable housing.

The additional units at Bay Vista did not count toward Novato's state affordable
housing mandates. In addition, Novato has approximately 600 units of Section 8
housing that does not count toward Novato's affordable housing mandates either.

Again, the editorial statement that affordable housing won't get done if the
state doesn't mandate it is untrue in Novato.

Novato can be proud of being the leaders in affordable housing; however it
cannot sustain itself by taking the lion share of the social burdens of this
county.

Perhaps the rest of Marin can help us with all of the crime and gang activity in
two of our multi-family, low-income rental projects in Novato before we take on
any more.

Brigham Thompson, Novato

Housing and SMART trains

Valerie Taylor, in her Aug. 10 letter, asserts that those of us who are
criticizing the Sonoma-Marin Area Rail Transit plan are a small and vocal group.

Vocal yes but small, no.

Ms. Taylor asks if we would prefer state-mandated affordable housing units to be
clustered around SMART train stations or spread into the hillsides.

How about none of the above?

That is because there is a third option that ABAG refuses to acknowledge which
is including existing vacant housing units into the calculation.

ABAG is hell-bent on forcing the construction of high-density housing units
around transit. Tell me how sustainable it is to build lots of high-density
housing units that will consume more energy, water and other valuable resources,
things we all are told we must conserve.

If our county and city officials really cared about the environment, instead of
spending hours banning things like plastic bags, they should take on the real
elephant in the room and force ABAG to include existing vacant units in the
housing calculation.

I have suggested in the past that the Marin Community Foundation partner with
homeowners who have vacant housing units and set up a subsidy program for
affordable housing candidates. It would seem like a better way for people (our
teachers, firefighters and police who the housing advocates say need affordable
housing) to live in existing neighborhoods rather than being stuffed into
high-density units near noisy train stations.

As for SMART, it is time to develop some workable and realistic transit
solutions instead of a train that is obviously fallen off the tracks before it
has even started.

Carol Brandt, San Rafael

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2011 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                             701 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                      July 22, 2000 Saturday FINAL EDITION

FORUM WRITERS DIFFER ON THE VALUE OF EAST BAY RENT CONTROL

SECTION: OPINION; The Saturday Forum; Pg. A24

LENGTH: 1349 words


Rent control needed

Yes.

East Bay governments should not only consider rent control, because:

*Rents are about as high in the East Bay as they are any place in the Bay Area.

*Affordable housing is scarce.

*A stock of affordable housing is a must to attract the workforce technically
equipped to meet millennium needs.

Much more low-cost, subsidized housing is desperately needed for the many poor
among us.

Dan Fredenthal

El Cerrito

Too late

Is not considering rent controls at this point a bit of locking the barn door
after the horse is long gone?

Microsoft gets clobbered because its hot item commands multibucks in surplus
even though the help can afford the hottest thing on wheels and an astronomical
debt on a house, which even they will not, probably, be able to pay off in a
hundred years. And Clinton plays Monopoly using Lincoln's bedroom as a hotel on
the boardwalk. The game is "won" when everyone else is eliminated and the
"winner" suffocates in his money pile.

Get real.

Bob Raymond

Vallejo

Not the answer

Rent control is not the answer to the problem of high rents. The basic cause of
increasing rents is a lack of available rental housing. Rent control discourages
investment in the development of new rental units. City and county governments
need to find ways to encourage more rental housing and now is the time to do it,
while interest rates are low. The more units available, the more competition
there is, and the rents will stay low.

Greatly increasing rents tells us that we're not meeting the housing needs of
our community. Not everyone wants or needs a big house. Some communities have
pet-friendly, senior-friendly, kid-friendly, commuter-friendly etc., apartments
that cater to specific needs.

Incentives may be needed to get landlords to voluntarily control the size and
frequency of increases. Tenants should be informed, when they first begin their
tenancy as to the policy and history of the landlord regarding rent increases.
Likewise, tenants should reasonably be able to expect some improvements if
increases exceed the cost of living rate.

Lois Kessler

(Livermore renter)

Livermore

Subsidizing choices

Why should landlords (rent control) or taxpayers (Section 8 welfare) subsidize
lifestyle choices?

Your front-page article described single seniors in two-bedroom apartments
getting increases.

I was shocked by the rents in San Francisco in 1974, so I moved into a studio.
When I bought a co-op, I always had roommates.

I still do (husband and two kids). Now 25 percent of the population lives alone.
If they would double up demand would be lessened and rents would go down.

Vivian Nelson

Orinda

Works in New York

We come from New York City where apartments were subject to rent control. These
controls preserved affordable housing for many people who would otherwise have
been driven from their homes by exorbitant rent increases.

The recent news of staggering rent hikes at the Hawthorne Apartments in Walnut
Creek has convinced us that the city of Walnut Creek and other East Bay
governments must impose stringent rent control measures without delay. We don't
need any more homeless people.

Mark and Ellen Rinker

Walnut Creek

Doesn't work

"Rent control" has never been credited with building one new apartment community
or single-family home. The more appropriate question to ask today is, "Should
East Bay governments consider instituting policies to expedite the construction
of new residential homes, especially multi-family units, for those people who
work in this region?" The entire Bay Area is blessed with a vibrant economy.
Explosive job growth has created a strong demand for housing. The current
housing situation is caused by a supply and demand imbalance the only real
solution is to provide more housing to meet this demand.

Unfortunately, local governments throughout the East Bay have favored commercial
developments because of the increased tax revenues generated from these
projects. Though I do not fault our local government decision-makers for this
line of thinking, they must view housing production, particularly higher-density
development, as a critical component of the equation to sustain our region's
economic prosperity.

Rent control will not house our citizens, and to date, it has not contributed to
the construction of one new home. Consequently, East Bay governments should
quickly institute policies to expedite the construction of new residential homes
and apartment communities for those who work in this region.

F. Van Moller

Rutherford

Moller is president of the Rental Housing Association, Contra Costa, Napa and
Solano counties.

Only freezes rents

If rent control is tried, it would take three to six months to enact and at
best, will only freeze rents.

The result will be that investors will be scared off building apartments.
Apartment owners will probably support promoting such controls to keep the
competition out and rents high.

If the "powers that be" were really interested in more "affordable" apartments,
we would have zoning laws that require their construction near shopping and
transportation centers.

While waiting for your train, look at the housing around BART stations and you
may wonder why is it that 50 or so people are entitled to easy access to the
station, paid for by all taxpayers; zoning laws could have required high-rise
apartment availability, the best form of rent control.

If they do not change zoning laws, but approve rent controls, we may wonder if
November's campaign contributions, from the expected sources, arrived in time.

Michael F. Sarabia

Bay Point

Doesn't solve problem

Rent control never solved any problems with rental housing availability. Quite
to the contrary, it usually makes it worse.

Anytime you invoke a fictitious means for establishing market prices for
anything, you are asking for trouble.

Let the fair market value of rentals be the guide, not some group of so-called
experts.

What your question poses is do we need another layer of bureaucratic control
with which to deal.

Our lives are far too full today with "regulations." Perhaps what we need is
more housing, not more control of the housing we have.

Governments spend half their time encouraging business to move into their areas
and if successful, they create a larger housing demand. This creates the
shortage.

Why not encourage more housing as well and not try to make it almost impossible
to build. We need more housing, not rent control.

I say no to rent control.

Buck Weaver

San Ramon

They can help

Yes, local government officials (county and city) must consider rent control.

It will take almost the wisdom of a Solomon and the ethics of a Gandhi to work
out a way to resist the greed that is driving run-away rental (and real estate)
prices in Contra Costa, but some creative way to do this must be found unless
the area becomes unlivable for any but the most economically fortunate.

Admittedly, our officials will face a hue and cry from all directions from "less
traffic at all costs" to "it's my property; I have a right to do anything I
want" sloganeers.

But real choices must be made. Are local "infills" to continue to be filled with
$800,000 to $1 million obscenities when the need is for more lower-cost,
multi-family units? Are officials to cower because of the well-known claim:
"Rent control will inhibit the building of new low-cost housing?"

As if out-of-control rents are encouraging anything but the most expensive
units.

I don't know the answer to the overall situation, but I do know that rent
controls, or the threat of same, will help until some more creative thinking and
action can transpire.

Dorothy W. Vance

Walnut Creek

Discourages ownership

Rent control is not a good thing. It does not serve the best interests of
communities and also discourages ownership of properties.

As it is, we are experiencing lack of inventory for rentals. Having rent control
will further diminish that inventory.

Nancy McGregor

Alamo

Hertiage Real Estate

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             702 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                      July 22, 2000 Saturday FINAL EDITION

FORUM WRITERS DIFFER ON THE VALUE OF EAST BAY RENT CONTROL

SECTION: OPINION; The Saturday Forum; Pg. A24

LENGTH: 1349 words


Rent control needed

Yes.

East Bay governments should not only consider rent control, because:

*Rents are about as high in the East Bay as they are any place in the Bay Area.

*Affordable housing is scarce.

*A stock of affordable housing is a must to attract the workforce technically
equipped to meet millennium needs.

Much more low-cost, subsidized housing is desperately needed for the many poor
among us.

Dan Fredenthal

El Cerrito

Too late

Is not considering rent controls at this point a bit of locking the barn door
after the horse is long gone?

Microsoft gets clobbered because its hot item commands multibucks in surplus
even though the help can afford the hottest thing on wheels and an astronomical
debt on a house, which even they will not, probably, be able to pay off in a
hundred years. And Clinton plays Monopoly using Lincoln's bedroom as a hotel on
the boardwalk. The game is "won" when everyone else is eliminated and the
"winner" suffocates in his money pile.

Get real.

Bob Raymond

Vallejo

Not the answer

Rent control is not the answer to the problem of high rents. The basic cause of
increasing rents is a lack of available rental housing. Rent control discourages
investment in the development of new rental units. City and county governments
need to find ways to encourage more rental housing and now is the time to do it,
while interest rates are low. The more units available, the more competition
there is, and the rents will stay low.

Greatly increasing rents tells us that we're not meeting the housing needs of
our community. Not everyone wants or needs a big house. Some communities have
pet-friendly, senior-friendly, kid-friendly, commuter-friendly etc., apartments
that cater to specific needs.

Incentives may be needed to get landlords to voluntarily control the size and
frequency of increases. Tenants should be informed, when they first begin their
tenancy as to the policy and history of the landlord regarding rent increases.
Likewise, tenants should reasonably be able to expect some improvements if
increases exceed the cost of living rate.

Lois Kessler

(Livermore renter)

Livermore

Subsidizing choices

Why should landlords (rent control) or taxpayers (Section 8 welfare) subsidize
lifestyle choices?

Your front-page article described single seniors in two-bedroom apartments
getting increases.

I was shocked by the rents in San Francisco in 1974, so I moved into a studio.
When I bought a co-op, I always had roommates.

I still do (husband and two kids). Now 25 percent of the population lives alone.
If they would double up demand would be lessened and rents would go down.

Vivian Nelson

Orinda

Works in New York

We come from New York City where apartments were subject to rent control. These
controls preserved affordable housing for many people who would otherwise have
been driven from their homes by exorbitant rent increases.

The recent news of staggering rent hikes at the Hawthorne Apartments in Walnut
Creek has convinced us that the city of Walnut Creek and other East Bay
governments must impose stringent rent control measures without delay. We don't
need any more homeless people.

Mark and Ellen Rinker

Walnut Creek

Doesn't work

"Rent control" has never been credited with building one new apartment community
or single-family home. The more appropriate question to ask today is, "Should
East Bay governments consider instituting policies to expedite the construction
of new residential homes, especially multi-family units, for those people who
work in this region?" The entire Bay Area is blessed with a vibrant economy.
Explosive job growth has created a strong demand for housing. The current
housing situation is caused by a supply and demand imbalance the only real
solution is to provide more housing to meet this demand.

Unfortunately, local governments throughout the East Bay have favored commercial
developments because of the increased tax revenues generated from these
projects. Though I do not fault our local government decision-makers for this
line of thinking, they must view housing production, particularly higher-density
development, as a critical component of the equation to sustain our region's
economic prosperity.

Rent control will not house our citizens, and to date, it has not contributed to
the construction of one new home. Consequently, East Bay governments should
quickly institute policies to expedite the construction of new residential homes
and apartment communities for those who work in this region.

F. Van Moller

Rutherford

Moller is president of the Rental Housing Association, Contra Costa, Napa and
Solano counties.

Only freezes rents

If rent control is tried, it would take three to six months to enact and at
best, will only freeze rents.

The result will be that investors will be scared off building apartments.
Apartment owners will probably support promoting such controls to keep the
competition out and rents high.

If the "powers that be" were really interested in more "affordable" apartments,
we would have zoning laws that require their construction near shopping and
transportation centers.

While waiting for your train, look at the housing around BART stations and you
may wonder why is it that 50 or so people are entitled to easy access to the
station, paid for by all taxpayers; zoning laws could have required high-rise
apartment availability, the best form of rent control.

If they do not change zoning laws, but approve rent controls, we may wonder if
November's campaign contributions, from the expected sources, arrived in time.

Michael F. Sarabia

Bay Point

Doesn't solve problem

Rent control never solved any problems with rental housing availability. Quite
to the contrary, it usually makes it worse.

Anytime you invoke a fictitious means for establishing market prices for
anything, you are asking for trouble.

Let the fair market value of rentals be the guide, not some group of so-called
experts.

What your question poses is do we need another layer of bureaucratic control
with which to deal.

Our lives are far too full today with "regulations." Perhaps what we need is
more housing, not more control of the housing we have.

Governments spend half their time encouraging business to move into their areas
and if successful, they create a larger housing demand. This creates the
shortage.

Why not encourage more housing as well and not try to make it almost impossible
to build. We need more housing, not rent control.

I say no to rent control.

Buck Weaver

San Ramon

They can help

Yes, local government officials (county and city) must consider rent control.

It will take almost the wisdom of a Solomon and the ethics of a Gandhi to work
out a way to resist the greed that is driving run-away rental (and real estate)
prices in Contra Costa, but some creative way to do this must be found unless
the area becomes unlivable for any but the most economically fortunate.

Admittedly, our officials will face a hue and cry from all directions from "less
traffic at all costs" to "it's my property; I have a right to do anything I
want" sloganeers.

But real choices must be made. Are local "infills" to continue to be filled with
$800,000 to $1 million obscenities when the need is for more lower-cost,
multi-family units? Are officials to cower because of the well-known claim:
"Rent control will inhibit the building of new low-cost housing?"

As if out-of-control rents are encouraging anything but the most expensive
units.

I don't know the answer to the overall situation, but I do know that rent
controls, or the threat of same, will help until some more creative thinking and
action can transpire.

Dorothy W. Vance

Walnut Creek

Discourages ownership

Rent control is not a good thing. It does not serve the best interests of
communities and also discourages ownership of properties.

As it is, we are experiencing lack of inventory for rentals. Having rent control
will further diminish that inventory.

Nancy McGregor

Alamo

Hertiage Real Estate

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             703 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 March 31, 1996, Sunday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 1297 words


Housing Problems, Education Problems

Regarding the March 22 editorial, "Downside Of Cutting Housing Subsidies For
Decades," our federal, state and local governments have been supporting
low-income housing. As stated, 400,000 new households were added nationwide in
just two years.

At an extreme cost, we have learned that large, concentrated multi-family
complexes in St. Louis do not work. The alternative for these people has been
Section 8, and now a new voucher system to move outward to the suburbs and
smaller apartment complexes.

According to the St. Louis County Housing Authority, presently more than 11,000
families are on a waiting list that has ceased to accumulate additional
recipients. At present, Fannie Mae with the city has created House St. Louis,
which is a $ 275 million, five-year plan for mortgage options to homebuyers in
the low, moderate and middle income.

For such a wealthy country, we sure are dumb. Our housing problems need to be
viewed as education problems. We need to spend $ 275 million on our low- and
moderate-income families to fill vacant school desks, so they may learn about
parenting, social skills, economics, academics and trade. I may choose to feed a
family for a day or teach a family to feed itself forever. What is your choice?

Mark J. Behlmann Director - Florissant Valley Chamber of Commerce Florissant

Death And Smoking

Dr. Bradley Schlaggar's March 24 Commentary article, "Death And Joe Camel," is
disingenuous. Consider, statistically:

80 percent of lung cancer patients are heavy smokers, but 90 percent of all
heavy smokers do not develop lung cancer.

20 percent of lung cancer patients do not smoke and have not smoked.

The incidence of lung cancer among Japanese men is increasing despite a
reduction in the number of smoking Japanese males.

Schlaggar makes the fundamental mistake of confusing correlation with cause.
Darrel Hoff in his book "How To Lie With Statistics" explains "a correlation
given without measure of reliability . . . is not to be taken seriously."

There is simply no evidence to establish any cause for the so-called
tobacco-related diseases, much less for the litany of diseases from
cardiovascular diseases, such as strokes and heart attacks to eight types of
cancer to Sudden Infant Death Syndrome, much less for tobacco as a cause.

Schlaggar's prescription to prevent these diseases borders on totalitarianism.
History is filled with paradoxical effects of prohibition resulting in increased
demand.

The answer, of course, is education beginning primarily in the family to prevent
smoking from becoming habitual, and treatment, however ineffective, to help
those who are truly addicted.

Correlations, while useful, can never be confused with causation if we are to
avoid waste of time, money and human resources, not to mention loss of
confidence in the medical profession.

Kevin W. Toal Richmond Heights

International Court

The two March 20 letters about the tragic situation in the former Yugoslavia
were very thought provoking. Mirko Popovich pointed out a number of
international understandings that should have been invoked to prevent bloodshed
as Yugoslavia disintegrated. Robert McFarland addressed the problem of
prosecuting war criminals while the negotiations for a settlement are under way.

We need to establish a permanent tribunal to be in place to discourage savagery
during future conflicts. It is important for people to know ahead of time what
activities will not be tolerated and that violators will be punished.

The United Nations is holding a preparatory committee meeting to prepare a draft
treaty for an International Criminal Court. We should support the United Nations
as it perfects this concept and encourage our senators to vote for it.

James E. Elliott Florissant

Distracted Driver

Count me as another who is glad to see statistics being compiled on traffic
accidents when a mobile phone is in use.

Some months ago I was a passenger in the front seat of an ambulance transporting
a heart patient to a hospital. As we approached a busy four-way intersection,
the ambulance, with siren blaring and emergency lights flashing, began
cautiously snaking its way through the intersection.

Three cars back, a pickup truck, annoyed and unaware, swerved out and sped
toward the intersection. The embarrassed driver, with cellular phone still held
to his ear, brought his vehicle to a screeching halt less than a foot from the
side of the ambulance.

We proceeded to the hospital, leaving the phone-happy, embarrassed driver
crossways in the intersection. Sadly, the ambulance driver said it happens every
day.

Joan Leistler Columbia, Ill.

Suicide Bombings

Edmund Hanauer's March 26 Commentary article, "Israel Violates Palestinians'
Human Rights," has disgraced the memory of the American and Israeli victims of
recent Hamas atrocities by essentially justifying Palestinian terrorism against
innocent civilians.

In Hanauer's distorted world view, Hamas suicide bombers are the victims; they
are driven to desperate measures by Israeli intransigence in the peace process.
If only Israel would accede to Hanauer's demands for the Palestinians, suicide
attacks would cease.

In the real world, Hamas suicide bombers and their leaders, who promise them
paradise for their service to Allah, are motivated by virulent anti-Semitism, a
desire to replace Israel with an Islamic state and an utter disregard for the
sanctity of human life.

Hamas' hatred of Jews and Judaism is rooted in the writings of Sayyid Qutb - the
Muslim brotherhood's leading theologian, who composed his anti-Jewish tracts
years before Israel gained control of the West Bank and Gaza.

According to Hamas' ideological principles, Islamic precepts forbid a Jewish
state in the area known as Palestine, Jews have no legitimate connection to the
land of Israel and Yasser Arafat is a traitor to the Islamic Palestinian cause.

Despair, economic or political, real or perceived, is no justification for
cutting down innocent men, women and children.

Stephanie Seleman Regional Director - Anti-Defamation League Creve Coeur

Cap Damage Awards

Despite the statistic cited in the March 25 editorial, ridiculously high
punitive damage awards are becoming very common. Many companies are forced to
settle meritless suits because of the possibility that a jury may be swayed by
emotion and deep pockets into awarding punitive damages on top of compensatory
damages.

This affects small business as well as big business. Ultimately, since business
employs workers and passes costs on to consumers, the costs of these ridiculous
awards are borne by workers in the form of lower wages and by consumers in the
form of higher costs for products. The Common Sense Product Liability Act is one
piece of legislation that is both pro-worker and pro-consumer.

The injured plaintiff is compensated for injuries through compensatory damages.
Therefore, even assuming a case could be made for punitive damages, there is
absolutely no reason the lawyers and the already compensated party should walk
away with a windfall.

The purpose of punitive damages has always been to punish especially egregious
behavior and to compensate society at large for this conduct. If the behavior of
the company was so egregious that a jury could find a total disregard for users
of a product, then this type of behavior should be punished through the criminal
court system.

In this era of partisan politics, this is one of the few pieces of legislation
that is supported by members of both parties. Hopefully, the president will not
be swayed by his biggest contributors, the trial l awyers, and will support this
badly needed piece of legislation.

Jim Tiburzi Glendale

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: LETTERS

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             704 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            August 24, 2013 Saturday

San Carlos Transit Village developer asks city to waive low-cost housing rules

BYLINE: By Bonnie Eslinger Daily News Staff Writer

SECTION: BREAKING; Communities; Peninsula; News; Local

LENGTH: 474 words


The developer of the controversial San Carlos Transit Village has asked the city
to drop or reduce affordable housing requirements for the project.

But staff on Monday will recommend that the city council reject Legacy Partners'
request, according to a memo from City Attorney Gregory Rubens.

The current proposal for the mixed-used development includes 280-upscale
apartments, along with office and retail buildings. If approved without changes,
the development would provide San Carlos with about $7.9 million in impact fees
based on square footage to be spent on affordable housing needs, according to
Rubens' memo.

To avoid paying those fees, the developer could offer 15 percent of the
apartments -- 42 in all -- for lower rents targeted to low-income households.

A July 9 letter to the city on behalf of Legacy from the law firm of Rutan and
Tucker, LLP asks the city to waive the affordable housing requirements
altogether. If the city won't do that, the letter proposes to provide 10 percent
of the units at lower rents for moderate-income households.

In the letter, Rutan & Tucker attorney David Lanferman argues that the city's
affordable housing requirement is unconstitutional. Increasing the number of
homes in an area improves housing affordability, he states.

"Developers of multi-family rental housing ... therefore should be encouraged
rather than unduly burdened by counter-productive exactions of new housing or
'fees in-lieu' and conditions of development proposal," Lanferman wrote.

In a subsequent letter, dated July 31, Lanferman told city officials that
without the waiver or "substantial adjustment" to the affordable housing
requirements, the development would not be financially feasible.

In his memo to the city council, Rubens said San Carlos' affordable housing
requirements would hold up to legal scrutiny, and a city-sponsored study of the
Transit Village shows it would reap a profit for the developer even with some
below-market rate units.

"We think our ordinance is supportable and reasonable and addresses the impacts
of this project," Rubens said in an interview Friday. "There's a great need for
that type of (below-market-rate) housing."

Lanferman and Legacy Partners did not respond to requests for comment on Friday.

The Transit Village is proposed for a 10.5-acre strip along El Camino Real from
Arroyo Avenue to Northwood Drive. It would include eight buildings, half of them
four stories tall. The development would be constructed on land leased from
Caltrain and would flank the city's historic train depot.

For years, the city's eastside residents have protested the development, which
they say would be too tall and dense and would worsen traffic, create parking
problems and block their view of the western hills.

Email Bonnie Eslinger atbeslinger@dailynewsgroup.com ; follow her
attwitter.com/bonnieeslinger .

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             705 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Mountaineer (Waynesville, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           August 31, 2016 Wednesday

County's housing task force gets to work

BYLINE: Vicki Hyatt, The Mountaineer, Waynesville, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1939 words


Aug. 31--A study pulling together key data about income, housing and
demographics in Haywood County indicates that solving the affordable housing
crisis will take a multi-faceted approach.

Take this scenario. The median wage for renters in Haywood is $9.83 an hour,
slightly more than $20,000 a year. Using the rule of thumb that housing should
cost no more than 30 percent of a family's gross income to be considered
affordable, that means the maximum rent should be about $500 a month. The median
rent in Haywood, however, is $726 a month.

That leaves more than 50 percent of the renters in Haywood "housing cost
burdened," said Dona Stewart, Haywood's county administrator/program evaluator.

The housing affordability challenge drifts into the homeowner category, as well,
while 35 percent of those who own homes are considered housing cost burdened.

Stewart presented the findings of a months-long housing study to key partners
Monday -- something all considered to be the first step in grappling with the
problem.

The housing problem is a complex one, Stewart explained, because it not only
involves a shortage of rental units, but substandard living units, a rising
homeless population and wages that aren't high enough to pay the average costs.

The situation prompted Waynesville Mayor Gavin Brown to question whether the
overriding problem was housing or something broader.

"Is the economic component of this something we should address as opposed to
housing?" said Brown, who serves on the county's economic development effort.
"If we had a better economy, would people be able to afford better housing?"

That question became part of a nearly two-hour conversation as those in the
trenches dealing with the problem discussed the issue. From the need for
emergency and transitional housing, to the short supply of units to situations
where occupied dwellings simply aren't safe, the challenge ahead grew more
clear.

Those present at the meeting included local government leaders, nonprofit
organizations and business/economic leaders who understand that a lack of
housing can stifle future growth.

Here is a sample of situations are being encountered on a daily basis.

Mountain Projects

Patsy Davis, the executive director of Mountain Projects Inc., has been
spearheading an effort to address affordable housing issues for years. Her
agency administers a number of rental assistance and housing programs, and she
daily sees the problems that plague the impoverished.

Davis lobbied the Haywood County Commissioners to look at a more coordinated way
to address the issue.

"I felt like there were a lot of great little efforts," she said."We've had
people on our steps at 5 p.m. Friday with no place to go. I felt it was time to
rally the community. I've seen one example after another where community
problems are solved by community solutions."

Mountain Projects bridges some of the gaps with its rental assistance vouchers
that pay of portion of rental costs for those who qualify. To use the voucher, a
renter has to find a place that passes inspection, Davis said, and even those
who have vouchers are having trouble finding a place to rent. The federal
program has allotted 684 vouchers in Haywood County, a number that hadn't
changed in decades.

The program waiting list was 600 when it was closed in April, and not much
progress is being made in whittling the list down. The agency still receives
about two calls a day from people who simply can't find a place they can afford
to rent.

Mountain Projects also has a self-help building program where qualifying
homeowners can earn their way into a home by helping build it. The program is
funded through the U.S. Rural Development agency.

Mountain Projects also has built apartment complexes in Canton and Clyde that
were approved for tax credits. A similar program has been considered to convert
the former Haywood County Hospital/social services building into senior and
low-income apartments, but the county received word last week the application
wasn't funded.

Haywood Habitat for Humanity

Jamye Sheppard, executive director of Haywood Habitat for Humanity, said she is
seeing more and more young professionals who can't afford housing.

"They're earning between $13 and $15 an hour, but can't afford a place to live,"
she said. "The application pool on my desk mimics the demographics you say are
growing -- senior citizens and millennials. There's nobody in between."

The North Carolina Affordable Housing Coalition concluded that 20 percent of the
state's population live in substandard housing. The Habitat program buys land
and helps qualifying clients build a home through an extensive volunteer
network. The current project in Waynesville, Walton Woods, is a community of
eight homes being built on 1.5 acres of donated land.

While the program can buy land on which to build homes, donated property allows
the organization to simply build more homes. As homeowners make payments on
their homes, ones that average about $550, the funds are plowed back into the
program to help future homeowners. Currently, Haywood Habitat has funds to build
up to three homes a year.

As part of the effort to select families to receive a Habitat home, board
members visit their current homes. Joy Garland, Clyde's town administrator, is
on the selection committee and spoke of what she saw.

"The electrical outlets that didn't work, there were holes in walls, the heat
doesn't work. It is pitiful what these folks are living in," she said.

Sheppard said there are often children in the home, but you can't report the
living conditions to the social services department because they would take the
children away, she said.

"They're paying $700 a month, and they can afford to live until winter when they
can't afford the heat," she said. "All of us working in it see this, it is
really horrible. It's great we are able to help some families, but like every
organization, we're limited by land and money."

Community Kitchen

Kim Czaja, executive director of The Community Kitchen, spoke of situations she
sees on the eastern end of the county.

In addition to serving evening meals for all who are hungry, the organization
gives out food boxes twice a month. The number of boxes jumps from 80 or so in
the fall to 130 in the dead of winter.

"The minute winter hits, there is more demand," she said. "We're seeing so many
new faces."

There's a family who regularly eats evening meals at the Canton facility.

"The family is staying at a campground with two children, 10 and 13," she said.
"They got a voucher through rapid rehousing for $800 and have been looking for
weeks. The one call we got was from a landlord that would take the voucher but
wanted $3,600 to move in."

One of the churches in Canton that helps fill up backpacks up with food for
children to take home over the weekend was even considering opening a portion of
the church for a homeless shelter. Because of liability issues, however, a plan
was hatched to raise money for motel rooms to help families get off the street
for a night here and there.

Czaja said she sees a lot of generational poverty in the community -- people who
grew up on the system and have no idea there is a different way of life. That
issue is driving the expansion into a new building where classes will be offered
to provide options for those ready to make the change.

"The folks who come to me to eat can't drive to Clyde or Waynesville to get
training," she said. "We'll be starting with the basics like 'please and thank
you' and to not interrupt conversations.There's just that lack, and I don't know
how fixable that is."

She asked others at the meeting what was available to help out homeless families
with children.

Haywood Pathways Center

Jeremy Parton, executive director of the Haywood Pathways Center, said the
organization assists about 10 families a month through motel stays and continues
to manage the cases just as they do the clients staying at the homeless shelter.

The Pathways Center accepts both men and women without homes, but doesn't have a
place for families just yet.

Parton stressed the need for transitional housing -- a place where those who
have got their life together after working through the Pathways center programs.

"They're working entry-level jobs and that's 32 hours a week," he said, but in
light of the scarcity of rental units and the markets, that's not enough to pay
for housing plus other living costs.

Paul Butler, who heads the Pathways center's housing committee, said the
organization ventured into the affordable housing issue, but will perhaps need
to refocus on homelessness, which is the center's mission.

"We're looking at the truly homeless, including 300-plus kids," he said.

Other efforts

One group at the meeting is exploring senior housing units similar to the
Laurels of Junaluska, but said the plans are not ready to be made public.

Businessman Jim Blyth has been working with several groups on the affordable
housing issue. As both a builder and realtor, he has been able to help make
valuable connections to get good deals on manufactured housing.

Richard Bates who has developed an affordable housing community with 75 lots,
all equipped with water and sewer service, in the Jonathan Creek community, said
he has an "opportunity problem."

"I have developed lots, land, and am building houses," he said. "The problem is
having people infrastructure."

Canton Town Manager Seth Hendler-Voss said affordable housing is a win/win for
Canton.

Maggie Valley Town Manager Nathan Clark tossed out the idea of the county using
property purchased for a park years ago for affordable housing, instead. Maggie
Valley paid for a portion of the $1 million tract.

"The park seems to struggle to get going, so I was wondering if there was any
interest in using that as part of a large multi-family development," he said.
"There's sewer and water available, and its close to an elementary school and a
transportation corridor."

Haywood County Manager Ira Dove said he wasn't in a position to respond as that
is the first time the idea came up.

"We have a downtown that needs people," he said.

Dove said everyone at the meeting were committed in different ways to tackling
the problem. He said anyone interested can sign up to participate in the task
force or be notified of the meetings.

Waynesville's developmental services director, Elizabeth Teague, suggested the
possibility to investigate foreclosed properties and said there is potential for
infill if the property gets into the hands of nonprofit developers.

"There's great opportunity in a group like this to meet together, share
information and to coordinate on grant applications," she said.

"We will make uses of your time meaningful as you develop a plan to solve the
issue," Dove said. "My sense is that future solutions will not be simple. It
will take a multitude of strategies to get a grip on this."

Virgil Daughtery, who is working on the senior housing project, said there are
other opportunities available through tax credit groups.

"We could focus on getting people here to talk to us who have the money," he
said. "There are new markets, tax credit groups, with other sources of income
who would love to talk to us about what they do."

The next step will be to look at hiring a consultant who can take the data
that's been assembled into a form where the group can consider strategies.

"Everybody in this room wants to see real level solutions," Dove said. "That's
an end goal. There definitely needs to be target focus."

___ (c)2016 The Mountaineer (Waynesville, N.C.) Visit The Mountaineer
(Waynesville, N.C.) at themountaineer.villagesoup.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160831-NC-County-s-housing-task-force-gets-to-work-0831-20160831

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NC


                         Copyright 2016 The Mountaineer


                             706 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                              May 11, 2004 Tuesday

Opinion - In Our View: Hearing Tonight;
Affordable housing proposal for Prune Hill deserves Camas' blessing

BYLINE: Columbian editorial writers

SECTION: CLARK COUNTY/REGION; Pg. c6

LENGTH: 574 words


Affordable homes should be mixed into communities throughout cities and
counties. And the lower-income complex proposed for a commercial site on Prune
Hill is a good place for such housing.

Despite some neighbors' concerns to the contrary, building a multi-family
housing complex at Northwest 28th Avenue and Logan Street in Camas would not be
incompatible with its immediate surroundings. While multi-use housing is a far
cry from many of the higher-end, single-family homes on the hill, the site
suggested for Heron Ridge, a new 51-unit affordable housing apartment complex,
is across from an animal hospital and a gas station/convenience store. Nearby is
a row of duplexes and condominiums.

Were the Heron Ridge complex to be planted between twosingle-family houses,
surrounded by single-family homes on Prune Hill, we'd be against the idea:
Retaining property values is another community goal that cannot be ignored.

A 6:30 p.m. hearing on the matter tonight in Camas High School's theater would
benefit greatly if every person with an opinion on the proposal was familiar
with two things: the multi-use nature of the immediate area surrounding the
proposed Heron Ridge and the quality of work by Affordable Community
Environments, the nonprofit organization hoping to build the complex. The agency
has a good reputation in Vancouver. Using Portland architectural firm
Carlton-Hart, it built Cascadia Village Apartments at 9600 N.E. 73rd St. and
Covington Commons, 9703 N.E. Covington Road. A Northwest, craftsman-style
building similar to Cascadia Village has been touted for the Prune Hill site.

Renters at Heron Ridge would pay from $345 to $985 per month. To live in the
nonprofit-assisted complex, a family of four must make less $39,500. A single
person's income could be no higher than $27,600. A lot of working people fit
into those salary ranges.

Even with Affordable Community Environment's record and the multi-use site
proposed, there is opposition. One concern from nearby property owners is that
the three-acre site is currently zoned commercial and could become home to a
full-service grocery store. But the land has been zoned as commercial since
1983, Marty Snell, Camas city planner, told us. If market conditions demanded a
grocery store, we should have seen one there by now. As it is, a full-service
grocer is just a five minute drive from the site.

Others are rightly concerned a rental complex could affect property values of
homeowners nearby. We don't believe that this multi-family housing unit which
planning commissioners must ensure is heavy on landscape and keeps parking areas
hidden from most views could be any more detrimental than a grocery store or
other commercial development. Further, traffic concerns are fewer with the
housing units than would be with a grocery store.

Finally, Affordable Community Environments, with its public-private partnerships
and financing details, has a huge interest in keeping the property well
maintained. The city of Camas' neighborhood preservation ordinance will also
help ensure an attractive site years after construction is complete.

Camas should accept this housing proposal and its resulting property tax
payments to the city. The complex can help young professionals and people in
single-income families who grow up in the area to stay in the area. And it will
help the city achieve countywide Growth Management Act goals of having density
spread throughout the region.

yy

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The Columbian Publishing Co.


                             707 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Finance & Commerce (Minneapolis, MN)

                            November 24, 2006 Friday

Housing slowdown hurts some in the Twin Cities, which helps others

BYLINE: Mark Anderson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 962  words


This won't surprise many: It was the swoon in the new housing market that forced
developer Schafer Richardson to recalibrate its plans for a major Eagan
redevelopment and possibly lose its rights to lead the project. All over the
Twin Cities developers are cutting back on residential plans, or cutting them
out entirely, because of the well-documented housing slowdown. But, experts say,
often when one residential project loses out, another nearby project or two will
benefit from additional buyers-especially if the area wasn't overbuilt in the
first place. In the Eagan example, the city council chose Minneapolis-based
Schafer Richardson 11 months ago to design a new urban village that would become
a "gateway" to Eagan at the junction of Highway 77 and Highway 13 on the city's
northwest edge.

The developer's plans called for a critical mass of new homes and commercial
activity in the district, creating 140,000 square feet of new retail and office,
mid-rise buildings, a transit center serving the proposed Highway 77 busway and
more than 900 units of mostly for-sale housing. But over the course of the last
year, according to market data that echoes what everyone knows, the local
for-sale residential market went into a tailspin. And that turned the project's
pro forma on its ear. "We asked Maxfield Research to look again at the housing
market here," examining availability and sales in comparable sites in that part
of the metro, said Schafer Richardson project manager David Frank. "They came
back and told us that it would take an absurdly long time" - 15 years or more -
to sell the project's housing. Maxfield predicted that only 1 or 2 housing units
could be absorbed each month in the early stages of the development, much slower
than the city anticipated or the developer could afford. So, like other
developers have, Schafer Richardson went back to the drawing board to search for
alternatives, aiming to avoid the for-sale housing glut by replacing market-rate
condos with senior housing and rental units, or by adding larger commercial and
office components. But each of those potential solutions created its own
problems. A larger rental component meant the project failed to generate the tax
increment financing proceeds the development required, while an expanded
commercial development produced too much traffic for the site. Finally,
principal Brad Schafer wrote the Eagan City Council, asking for more public
assistance to fill the $2 million budget gap that he said was created by the
housing losses. The Eagan council will consider that request in December. The
problem that Maxfield identified was based on very local analysis, but it's the
same in most Twin Cities residential markets today, said Mary Bujold, principal
at Maxfield. "We have an oversupply in the region. There's been a lot of
development in the total Twin Cities markets, and it's simply been faster than
our growth," she said. That regional surplus affects sales in all markets, but
its impact grows even stronger when cities like Eagan outline large residential
projects while other nearby mega-developments, such as, in this case,
Burnsville's Heart of the City redevelopment, are already battling with heavy
existing home sales. The region's busiest market - downtown Minneapolis - is
also showing the effects of that regional and local glut. Brighton Development's
decision to withdraw its 44-unit 201 Park condo proposal is the most recent
example among a handful of slowed, revised or postponed downtown residential
plans. Residential projects will continue to fall off the radar, but that will
enable many other projects that are underway or in the pipeline to meet their
sales goals, said Tom Melchior, a manager and multi-family housing analyst at
accounting firm Larson Allen in Minneapolis. "Those would-be 201 Park buyers
will now go to other Mill District projects," improving prospects for Sherman
Associates' Zenith project, Shamrock's Bridgewater and numerous other projects
available in that busy district. "Given the big supply, the market will stay
slow there, but there definitely is still demand," Melchior said of downtown's
residential market. Another submarket that has kept a resilient sales pace is
Uptown in Minneapolis, and its current strength is due largely to its late entry
into the condo rush, Melchior said. The difficulty in assembling land there kept
the neighborhood out of the early new condo rush. Land deals finally started
coming together in the last three years, and Uptown development picked up
quickly, matched by strong sales. Melchior said a slowdown seems to be showing
up only now. But Uptown and some other traditionally popular markets such as
Plymouth, Maple Grove and Chanhassen will continue to generate good demand,
Bujold said. "They're hot markets, they're resilient, but it is a question of
supply and demand. If there's overbuilding, there's a limit to the demand. "
Submarkets with little land available are the places where supply, demand and
pricing have stayed in the best balance, she added. One more factor that has
helped buyer demand keep pace with housing development in some areas is the
presence of good mass transit. Home buyers are increasingly seeking out
neighborhoods that are served by new, attractive transit options, such as the
Hiawatha LRT corridor and parts of the NorthStar Commuter Rail Line. "The
presence of transit won't make or break a submarket, but transit is clearly
becoming an important component that buyers are considering," Melchior said. But
time and jobs are the best remedies for this round of oversupply. "Just as long
as we keep getting good job growth [and] people moving in to the region, these
homes will be absorbed over the next few years," Bujold said. "We'll be OK. "

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             708 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 4, 1983, Tuesday, Final Edition

Hill Challenges HUD On Housing 'Surplus'

BYLINE: By Howard Kurtz, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A2

LENGTH: 584 words


When the Housing and Urban Development Department claimed recently that some
parts of the country have more subsidized housing than needed for the poor, a
disbelieving Rep. Barney Frank (D-Mass.) asked officials for proof.

HUD produced a list of 64 subsidized projects it considers "surplus" or
"underutilized." But Frank's staff has found that 43 of the 47 projects for
which figures were available reported no vacancies and, in many cases, waiting
lists of up to two years.

"HUD has found an innovative way to deal with the housing shortage, which is to
define it out of existence," said Frank, chairman of the House Government
Operations subcommittee on manpower and housing. "It's a triumph of ideology
over reality. When people have to distort reality to justify their policy,
that's a pretty good indication there's something wrong with the policy."

HUD officials said they will explain the problem at a subcommittee hearing
Wednesday, but they acknowledged the error yesterday.

"Almost all of those projects are off our list as surplus projects," said Stuart
Davis, an official in HUD's office of multi-family housing. "That list was put
together with a quick phone call to the area offices. We'll be presenting
Congressman Frank with a considerably shortened, 14-project list."

Davis said the local offices had cited some projects with temporary vacancies
and "didn't exactly interpret our phone call in the correct manner."

The dispute began last May, when Maurice L. Barksdale, deputy HUD assistant
secretary for multi-family housing, said at a hearing that the department had no
obligation to make sure that subsidized housing units remained available to the
poor when projects were foreclosed on, despite a 1981 law, written by Frank,
that directs HUD to consider such action.

When Barksdale explained that some projects may no longer be needed for
low-income housing, Frank demanded documentation.

Barksdale responded weeks later in a letter, saying HUD field offices had found
that "towns simply have too much subsidized housing for the population in
certain areas." While conceding that there was no surplus in many areas,
Barksdale said that others have "a potential overabundance," particularly 34
projects in Texas.

But Jack Harrington, executive director of the Dallas Housing Authority, said he
examined most of the 16 Dallas projects on HUD's list and found that "every one
of those things was totally occupied or had waiting lists. It didn't make sense.
Somebody had to goof somewhere. There's certainly no surplus of subsidized
housing here."

Harrington said that the city's waiting list for subsidized housing has more
than 2,000 names, and that the city is providing housing assistance to only half
the eligible families, or more than 10,000 people.

Frank's findings were similar for the other projects. More than 25 had waiting
lists ranging from two months to two years, while three had temporary vacancies
that were expected to be filled within a week.

Of the remaining four buildings, one project in Boston had vacancies because its
management has been evicting tenants for nonpayment of rent. A project in rural
Pennsylvania had some initial occupancy problems but is now more than 90 percent
occupied. Only a 118-unit building for the elderly in Waterbury, Conn., was said
to have 10 vacancies because of other elderly housing developments nearby.

There was one more error on the list involving the Leigh Ann project in Dallas.
HUD counted it twice.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Rep. Barney Frank . . . "defining shortage out of existence."

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                             709 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

Oregon: City Council Report

LENGTH: 453  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Salem: The City of Wilsonvill, Oregon has issued the following news release:



 Wilsonville City Council, the Council held a second reading and adopted a pair
of related ordinances for an annexation and a Zone Map amendment of a one-acre
parcel, located at 11700 SW Tooze Road. The Council actions rezoned the parcel
from Rural Residential Farm Forest 5 to Village (V) in order to allow a
residential use consistent with the adjacent parcels of land that already have
the Village zoning designation. As the last piece of land that completes the
master-planned Villebois neighborhood, the parcel is part of a larger
previously-approved 63-lot subdivision by applicant/homebuilder Polygon
Northwest known as Calais.


 The City Council held a public hearing and approved a resolution authorizing a
supplemental budget adjustment for Fiscal Year 2015-16, which moves expenditures
from one category to another within a specific fund and does not increase the
overall budget. The Council action provides the needed budget authority to
advance a number of capital projects and other expenses.
 During the Mayor's Business portion of the meeting the City Council approved
the appointment of Arthur Park to the Budget Committee to fill a vacancy of an
unexpired term ending December 31, 2017. Mayor Knapp indicated that Mr. Park has
an impressive educational background, 15 years of experience as a credit officer
and has lived in the Villebois neighborhood since 2010.
 Under the Consent Agenda, the City Council adopted five resolutions that renew
property-tax exemptions under state law totaling $48,300 for five, nonprofit
multifamily communities with 366 affordable rental-housing units serving
low-income and senior residents in Wilsonville. These five multi-family housing
properties offer low-income families, seniors and individuals below-market rents
that are subsidized annually by approximately $318,600 as a result of local,
state and federal affordable housing subsidies.
 Also on the Consent Agenda the City Council authorized the City Manager to sign
an inter-governmental agreement between the City and Metro for a $320,000 Metro
grant to fund the Wilsonville Town Center Master Plan Project.
 A proposed ordinance regarding amending the City Code related to franchise fees
charged for use of the public right-of-way was continued to the City Council
meeting on May 16.
 During the work session prior to the regular meeting the City Council heard
reports on the Bicycle Wayfinding System, and discussed potential future
improvements and signage along Parkway Avenue Drive south of Town Center Loop. .







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             710 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 29, 2016 Tuesday

Oregon: City Council Report

LENGTH: 453  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Salem: The City of Wilsonvill, Oregon has issued the following news release:



 Wilsonville City Council, the Council held a second reading and adopted a pair
of related ordinances for an annexation and a Zone Map amendment of a one-acre
parcel, located at 11700 SW Tooze Road. The Council actions rezoned the parcel
from Rural Residential Farm Forest 5 to Village (V) in order to allow a
residential use consistent with the adjacent parcels of land that already have
the Village zoning designation. As the last piece of land that completes the
master-planned Villebois neighborhood, the parcel is part of a larger
previously-approved 63-lot subdivision by applicant/homebuilder Polygon
Northwest known as Calais.


 The City Council held a public hearing and approved a resolution authorizing a
supplemental budget adjustment for Fiscal Year 2015-16, which moves expenditures
from one category to another within a specific fund and does not increase the
overall budget. The Council action provides the needed budget authority to
advance a number of capital projects and other expenses.
 During the Mayor's Business portion of the meeting the City Council approved
the appointment of Arthur Park to the Budget Committee to fill a vacancy of an
unexpired term ending December 31, 2017. Mayor Knapp indicated that Mr. Park has
an impressive educational background, 15 years of experience as a credit officer
and has lived in the Villebois neighborhood since 2010.
 Under the Consent Agenda, the City Council adopted five resolutions that renew
property-tax exemptions under state law totaling $48,300 for five, nonprofit
multifamily communities with 366 affordable rental-housing units serving
low-income and senior residents in Wilsonville. These five multi-family housing
properties offer low-income families, seniors and individuals below-market rents
that are subsidized annually by approximately $318,600 as a result of local,
state and federal affordable housing subsidies.
 Also on the Consent Agenda the City Council authorized the City Manager to sign
an inter-governmental agreement between the City and Metro for a $320,000 Metro
grant to fund the Wilsonville Town Center Master Plan Project.
 A proposed ordinance regarding amending the City Code related to franchise fees
charged for use of the public right-of-way was continued to the City Council
meeting on May 16.
 During the work session prior to the regular meeting the City Council heard
reports on the Bicycle Wayfinding System, and discussed potential future
improvements and signage along Parkway Avenue Drive south of Town Center Loop. .







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             711 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 28, 2016 Monday

Oregon: City Council Report

LENGTH: 453  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Salem: The City of Wilsonvill, Oregon has issued the following news release:



 Wilsonville City Council, the Council held a second reading and adopted a pair
of related ordinances for an annexation and a Zone Map amendment of a one-acre
parcel, located at 11700 SW Tooze Road. The Council actions rezoned the parcel
from Rural Residential Farm Forest 5 to Village (V) in order to allow a
residential use consistent with the adjacent parcels of land that already have
the Village zoning designation. As the last piece of land that completes the
master-planned Villebois neighborhood, the parcel is part of a larger
previously-approved 63-lot subdivision by applicant/homebuilder Polygon
Northwest known as Calais.


 The City Council held a public hearing and approved a resolution authorizing a
supplemental budget adjustment for Fiscal Year 2015-16, which moves expenditures
from one category to another within a specific fund and does not increase the
overall budget. The Council action provides the needed budget authority to
advance a number of capital projects and other expenses.
 During the Mayor's Business portion of the meeting the City Council approved
the appointment of Arthur Park to the Budget Committee to fill a vacancy of an
unexpired term ending December 31, 2017. Mayor Knapp indicated that Mr. Park has
an impressive educational background, 15 years of experience as a credit officer
and has lived in the Villebois neighborhood since 2010.
 Under the Consent Agenda, the City Council adopted five resolutions that renew
property-tax exemptions under state law totaling $48,300 for five, nonprofit
multifamily communities with 366 affordable rental-housing units serving
low-income and senior residents in Wilsonville. These five multi-family housing
properties offer low-income families, seniors and individuals below-market rents
that are subsidized annually by approximately $318,600 as a result of local,
state and federal affordable housing subsidies.
 Also on the Consent Agenda the City Council authorized the City Manager to sign
an inter-governmental agreement between the City and Metro for a $320,000 Metro
grant to fund the Wilsonville Town Center Master Plan Project.
 A proposed ordinance regarding amending the City Code related to franchise fees
charged for use of the public right-of-way was continued to the City Council
meeting on May 16.
 During the work session prior to the regular meeting the City Council heard
reports on the Bicycle Wayfinding System, and discussed potential future
improvements and signage along Parkway Avenue Drive south of Town Center Loop. .







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             712 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 26, 2016 Saturday

Oregon: City Council Report

LENGTH: 453  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Salem: The City of Wilsonvill, Oregon has issued the following news release:



 Wilsonville City Council, the Council held a second reading and adopted a pair
of related ordinances for an annexation and a Zone Map amendment of a one-acre
parcel, located at 11700 SW Tooze Road. The Council actions rezoned the parcel
from Rural Residential Farm Forest 5 to Village (V) in order to allow a
residential use consistent with the adjacent parcels of land that already have
the Village zoning designation. As the last piece of land that completes the
master-planned Villebois neighborhood, the parcel is part of a larger
previously-approved 63-lot subdivision by applicant/homebuilder Polygon
Northwest known as Calais.


 The City Council held a public hearing and approved a resolution authorizing a
supplemental budget adjustment for Fiscal Year 2015-16, which moves expenditures
from one category to another within a specific fund and does not increase the
overall budget. The Council action provides the needed budget authority to
advance a number of capital projects and other expenses.
 During the Mayor's Business portion of the meeting the City Council approved
the appointment of Arthur Park to the Budget Committee to fill a vacancy of an
unexpired term ending December 31, 2017. Mayor Knapp indicated that Mr. Park has
an impressive educational background, 15 years of experience as a credit officer
and has lived in the Villebois neighborhood since 2010.
 Under the Consent Agenda, the City Council adopted five resolutions that renew
property-tax exemptions under state law totaling $48,300 for five, nonprofit
multifamily communities with 366 affordable rental-housing units serving
low-income and senior residents in Wilsonville. These five multi-family housing
properties offer low-income families, seniors and individuals below-market rents
that are subsidized annually by approximately $318,600 as a result of local,
state and federal affordable housing subsidies.
 Also on the Consent Agenda the City Council authorized the City Manager to sign
an inter-governmental agreement between the City and Metro for a $320,000 Metro
grant to fund the Wilsonville Town Center Master Plan Project.
 A proposed ordinance regarding amending the City Code related to franchise fees
charged for use of the public right-of-way was continued to the City Council
meeting on May 16.
 During the work session prior to the regular meeting the City Council heard
reports on the Bicycle Wayfinding System, and discussed potential future
improvements and signage along Parkway Avenue Drive south of Town Center Loop. .







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             713 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                     January 9, 2013 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Springboard, MMI Close on Affordable Housing Property in Orlando

LENGTH: 394  words


New Delhi, Jan. 9 -- Springboard Nonprofit Consumer Credit Management Inc. and
Money Management International (MMI) closed escrow December 21, 2012 on a
240-unit multi-family affordable housing property in Orlando, Florida.



The $12.5 million acquisition of Seminole Ridge Apartments, which will assist an
estimated 850 Orlando residents annually, is the first step in a joint venture
by the nonprofit organizations to provide affordable housing options in areas of
high-need.

"We hope that in bringing our Social Conscious Management approach to Seminole
Ridge, we will not only help hundreds of residents improve their quality of
life, but will also set the foundation for the future of affordable housing in
the U.S.," said Todd Emerson , Springboard President and CEO.

Through a $25 million Affordable Housing Fund, Springboard and MMI are raising
funds to bring this affordable housing initiative to thousands of low- to
moderate-income individuals and families in states impacted most by the housing
crisis.

This affordable housing initiative is unique in that it combines financial
education and housing counseling with affordable rent rates. Residents will have
access to rental units at a rate of no more than 30 percent of the household's
income - which is significant considering 12 million Americans are currently
paying more than 50 percent of their gross income on rent, according to the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD).

In addition, through the Social Conscious Management approach, residents will be
given the opportunity to take part in special community events and activities
aimed at facilitating personal growth. Residents will also participate in
housing counseling sessions and financial education workshops designed to give
families and individuals the tools needed to successfully live within a fixed
budget - while also planning for the future.

"The time is right to provide a real, lasting solution for a population that's
been struggling for too long," said Ivan Hand , MMI President and CEO. "In
combining affordable housing with financial education and community engagement,
we will be arming families with invaluable resources they'll be able to use for
the rest of their lives."

For additional information, or to learn how to get involved in this community
investment opportunity, contact Melinda.Opperman@springboard.org

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             714 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 30, 2014 Saturday

Proposed changes could lead to more affordable housing

BYLINE: Michelle Merlin, The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 623 words


Aug. 30--SUTTONS BAY -- Brigette Bray rented a home in Lake Ann until May 1,
when her landlord boosted the monthly rent from $650 to $1,300 for the summer.

Now she's living in a travel trailer and looking for a new place to rent for the
coming winter months. But to her it seems that every time she applies for an
affordable home, hundreds of other people are applying there, too.

"I love it up here, my home is up here, but they make it impossible for locals
to stay," said Bray, who works in downtown Suttons Bay. "I could find something
in Acme or Grayling or Gaylord, but I work in the county and I want to stay in
the county.

"If you have good references and a good background, you should be able to find
something you can afford 12 months of the year."

Bray's experience is far from unique in Leelanau County, where affordable
housing is hard to find. In part, that's what prompted Suttons Bay Township
officials to consider zoning changes that could pave the way for more duplexes
and apartments in the township's agricultural district.

"Our population in our township is predominantly grayhairs and retirees. We need
to keep up the vitality of our community and our townships with what young
families and young people bring to the community," said township Planning
Commission Chairman Tom Nixon.

Leelanau County has the largest affordability gap in northwest Michigan, said
Sarah Lucas, a regional planning program manager for the Northwest Michigan
Council of Governments.

About half the homes in Leelanau County were valued at over $241,000 in 2010.
But about half of homeowners in the county can only afford something valued at
$155,000 or less, according to NWMCOG data.

There are about three times as many low- or moderate-income households in
Leelanau County as there are homes that are affordable to those households, and
three times as many low-income renters as there are affordable rentals.

Nathan Decker and his girlfriend Britany Abbey know first-hand that there's a
dearth of affordable housing. The couple tried to upgrade from a one-bedroom
apartment in Lake Leelanau they share with their two young children. After
looking for six to eight months, they didn't find anything better than what they
already had.

"As far as Leelanau County and the area, there aren't a lot of options," Decker
said. "We went to Cedar and Maple City to find something outside of Traverse
City, and it didn't happen."

Suttons Bay Township Planning Commission members discovered housing restrictions
in their agricultural district when they reviewed zoning rules, Nixon said.
Members of the township planning commission will discuss potential changes at
their meeting on Wednesday at 6:30 p.m.

The changes still have to go to a public hearing and gain approval from the
planning commission and township board.

Proposed changes would allow duplexes to be built on 2 acres instead of the
current 4-acre standard, with a maximum of one duplex per-acre. New rules also
would increase the number of duplexes allowed per-parcel, and allow multi-family
housing the agricultural district. Another change would allow higher-density
housing in the area around the village of Suttons Bay.

Officials acknowledge zoning rules can seem drab on the surface, but they play
an important role when it comes to housing.

"(Affordable housing) is a pretty complex problem, but zoning is a big piece of
it," Lucas said. "It affects where housing is built and how much is built. It
can affect the cost because when you have large minimum plot sizes you're paying
more for property so the total cost of the home goes up."

___ (c)2014 The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Mich.) Visit The Record-Eagle
(Traverse City, Mich.) at record-eagle.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140830-ZK-Proposed-changes-could-lead-to-more-affordable-housing
-20140830

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2014 The Record-Eagle


                             715 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 11, 1978, Saturday, Final Edition

Burke Centre Battles Subsidy Housing;
Subsidy Homes Upset Burke Centre

BYLINE: By Liza Bercovici, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B1

LENGTH: 732 words


When Maryanne Paszkiewicz and her husband bought their $90,000 range home in
Fairfax County's Burke Centre last year, she did not ask and no one volunteered
the fact that one day, soon the county would begin erecting subsidized housing
nearby.

But 13 weeks ago, bulldozers began breaking ground on the first 50 of an
eventual 208 units for low and moderate-income families that the county will
build on land conveyed to them by Burke Centre.

Burke Centre is a rapidly growing development of single and multi-family
dwellings just west of Springfield in southern Fairfax County.

The first 50 units were about half completed when the county disclosed that a
site in the same Oaks neighborhood of Burke, but tucked away near some railroad
tracks, was the planned location for the second set of 50 homes for low and
moderate-income families.

Residents of Burke's 150-unit Oaks neighborhood, one of five Burke
neighborhoods, simultaneously became aware that a third site - in ominous
proximity to the second site, in their view - was under consideration for the
balance of the subsidized homes.

"That is what people are so upset about," Paszkiewicz said the other day.
"People feel that 200 units taxes any neighborhood's ability to assimilate."

This week the Burke Partnership, developers of Burke Centre, disclosed that the
last site of subsidized homes would be situated farther away from the other two.
Maryanne Paszkiewicz says that news will make a difference to some residents who
have been organizing resistance, "but there may be others who aren't willing to
drop it."

"I don't think people who don't earn that much are any different," Pat Lukowsky,
another Oaks resident, said recently.  "It is just that I don't know that.  And
because I don't know that, I don't want them around me . . . I don't want to be
the first social experiment."

Such an attitude is especially worrying to the county, which has only 3,500
subisidized units available for low-and moderate-income renters but figures
there are about 27,000 families in Fairfax in need of some form of housing
assistance.

The issue of subsidized housing has been a recurring controversy in Fairfax.
After nine months of delay the County Board of Supervisors reluctantly approved
a development of 100 subsidized townhouses known as Rolling Road Estates in
Springfield in June - but only after the federal government had threatened to
cut off $3.8 million in grants if they failed to do so.  Then in September,
after listening to Reston community leaders criticize that town's subsidized
housing, the supervisors unanimously vetoed construction of an apartment complex
that would have brought 42 more subsidized apartments to an area of Reston where
there were already 490 subsidized units.

Developers of Burke, which will have 5,000 units by 1984, say it is far-Fetched
to compare Burke to Reston.

"Our units will be properly managed, the tenants will be screened and most will
be moderate-income.  There isn't going to be one iota of property damage.  We
are insisting that the (county) housing authority make these model units," John
T. Hazel, a local zoning attorney and one of Burke's three developers, said
recently.

The population of Cravenna Oaks, the first site under construction, will be
predominatly moderate income.  Under guidelines of the Department of Housing and
Urban Development, which will help pay the rent, that means families of four in
an income range of $11,250 to $18,000.

With the "vast majority" of Fairfax renters paying too large a percentage of
their income for housing - according to housing authority aide, Deirdre Coyne -
and with "several thousand persons" commuting into the county because they
cannot afford the county's high rents, getting subsidized rentals accepted at
Burke is seen as especially important.

"It is particularly important in these planned communities because you don't
have the problems of going into an [already] established neighborhood where you
have a vacant piece of land and they want it to remain that way," Coyne says.

But to some of the 90 residents of Burke's Oak neighborhood, who will meet again
Tuesday on the housing issue, they already are an established community, if only
of 3 year's standing.

"It's not us against low-income housing," Pat Lukowsky says.  "Its just that I
don't want them all over near [TEXT OMITTED FROM SOURCE]

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Maryanne Paszkiewicz stands before county - subsidized homes
going up near her $99,000 home in Suburban Burke Centre, By Ken Feil - The
Washington Post

                       Copyright 1978 The Washington Post


                             716 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                    January 16, 2001 Tuesday, NORTH EDITION

Area landlords shunning low-income tenants

BYLINE: George Barnes; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 406 words

DATELINE: GARDNER



- State Rep. Brian Knuuttila, D-Gardner, said the state's booming economy has
shrunk subsidized housing in the region as landlords find it easier and more
profitable to rent their apartments at market rate.

There just isn't the kind of housing there used to be,'' he said.

The realities and myths of low income housing will be the focus of a forum
tonight at 7 in Gardner City Hall auditorium.

The forum is being sponsored by Mr. Knuuttila, Mayor Daniel Kelley and the
city's Department of Community Development and Planning. It is a follow-up to a
December meeting held with landlords and representatives of human service
agencies to get a sense of the problem's scope.

The general public was invited to attend but not participate at the first forum.
The meeting tonight will be open to the public, and questions and comments are
encouraged.

LAST RESORT

Mr. Knuuttila said both his and Mayor Kelley's offices often receive calls from
people desperate to find housing. He said the people are often calling as a last
resort.

In the past it has been possible to help them, but now, he said, even agencies
set up to provide subsidized housing are having trouble finding apartments.

At the December forum, Mr. Knuuttila said Rural Housing Improvement of
Winchendon, which works with landlords and tenants to provide low income
housing, had 380 housing vouchers issued to people unable to find apartments.

In the past year, the Massachusetts economy has lured more and more people to
the state, Mr. Knuuttila said. Apartments set aside for low income housing have
been rented to these people as market rate apartments.

Gardner has several large complexes that provide low income housing, but Mr.
Knuuttila said there is still a lack of housing for several reasons.

For one thing, we've torn a lot of buildings down in recent years,'' he said.

The city and several nearby communities have sought and received state money for
demolition to improve blighted areas. The housing, often in small three- and
two-story apartment buildings, has not been replaced. There are no new
multi-family buildings under construction in the city.

Another problem, Mr. Knuuttila said, is that many landlords are unhappy with
requirements they must meet to be able to receive rent subsidies from the state
for taking in low income tenants. He said they deal with the problem by not
accepting the subsidies and charging higher rents.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2001 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                             717 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Broomfield Enterprise, Colo.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 1, 2014 Saturday

Broomfield sees rent go up, vacancy rates go down

BYLINE: Megan Quinn, Broomfield Enterprise, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 918 words


March 01--Broomfield and Boulder counties saw the largest rent increase in the
Denver-metro area last year, and local vacancy rates continued to decrease even
as new multi-family housing units are being built.

Rental rates in the Broomfield area went up by about $95 since last year,
according to a recent report by the Colorado Division of Housing and the
Apartment Association of Metro Denver. And while vacancy rates rose in most
other metro-area counties, the Broomfield/Boulder area saw vacancy rates fall
from 3.7 to 3.4 percent, the lowest in the metro area, according to the report.

Though the Broomfield-Boulder area saw the largest rent increases and lowest
vacancy rates, it is not the only area seeing rent increases. Denver County saw
the second-highest rent increase, which grew by 8.1 percent. The metro-Denver
area saw average rent go up by $63 in 2013 compared to the previous year, from
$978 to $1,041, according to the Division of Housing report.

Broomfield residents on average are paying about 8.6 percent more for rent this
year, going from an average of $1,103 to an average of $1,198, according to the
report.

High rents, low availability

"Broomfield is a desirable location, and people are moving to the area for
employment and all the rest," said Cheryl St. Clair, Broomfield Housing Program
manager.

Those circumstances could be putting the squeeze on some people looking to call
the city home, continuing a trend identified in a 2012 report. Affordable
housing is a challenge for many single parents and lower-income families,
according to Broomfield Community Foundation. The Foundation's 2012 Sweep
Report, a summary of Broomfield's demographics and services, identified the need
for more affordable housing as a priority.

Karen Smith, executive director of the Foundation, said many of the nonprofit
organizations the Foundation provides funding to are still seeing their clients
struggle to afford rents in Broomfield.

"I know that the problem still exists," she said.

The Foundation has formed a working group to explore ways to create more
affordable housing options in Broomfield, but right now those ideas are in the
brainstorming and research stages, she said.

St. Clair said there is no hard and fast rule for what can be considered
"affordable."One typical measurement of housing affordability is if housing
costs are less than 30 percent of a family's income, she said.

Using that formula, to be able to afford the average monthly rent of $1,198, an
individual or family would have to net nearly $3,600 a month. When taking income
taxes and other paycheck deductions into consideration, a person would need to
make roughly $50,000 per year to afford that rent.

New units on the way

The Division of Housing report shows that while rents are going up in every
metro-area county, so, too, are vacancies, because of new housing construction,
said Ryan McMaken, an economist with the division. The exception is Broomfield.

In the Denver-metro area as a whole, the apartment vacancy rate increased to 5.2
percent during the fourth quarter of 2013, the highest in two years, the report
stated.

While it's not clear why there are so few vacancies in Broomfield, St. Clair
said the September floods, which impacted neighboring communities, might have
contributed to a higher demand for apartments.

People also continue to move to Broomfield to take jobs in the area, she said.

The city will see as many as to 2,068 units, some of which are available now,
with more available in the next year, according to a list of new and proposed
construction projects provided by Broomfield staff.

The majority of new projects will be rental units, including condos, townhomes
and apartment buildings, said Dave Shinneman, Broomfield Community Development
director.

Three projects on Broomfield's list have been completed, including two Vantage
Point buildings in the Via Varra area and the Arista Place apartments near the
1stBank Center, which add 376 new rental units.

There are nine more projects under construction, including Harvest Station, a
group of 13 three-story apartment buildings off Wadsworth Boulevard, according
to the list.

An additional seven projects have either been approved or are under review,
which could add another 1,264 units if plans move forward.

And Broomfield could approve more projects over time, Shinneman said.

The most recently approved project is a group of 49 duplex buildings in North
Park in northern Broomfield. City Council approved the project at its Feb. 18
meeting.

Mark Williams, executive vice president of the Apartment Association of Metro
Denver, said new housing units are being approved and built throughout the metro
area.

"The industry still sees relevant pent up demand out there," he said in an
email.

Will inventory drop prices?

An increase in rental units from new construction could drive down rental costs
in older units in Broomfield, St. Clair said, but it's a wait-and-see game when
finding out how the market will actually shake out in the next year.

"Historically, we see older buildings reduce their rents (when new buildings are
built), but we haven't seen that yet," she said.

If that happens over time, "we could see a bigger range of rental choices and
affordability," she said.

Contact Enterprise Staff Writer Megan Quinn at 303-410-2649 or
quinnm@broomfieldenterprise.com

___ (c)2014 the Broomfield Enterprise (Broomfield, Colo.) Visit the Broomfield
Enterprise (Broomfield, Colo.) at www.broomfieldenterprise.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140301-1BE-Broomfield-sees-rent-go-up-vacancy-rates-go-down-0301-20140301

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BE


                      Copyright 2014 Broomfield Enterprise


                             718 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Regional Marketing Coordinator

LENGTH: 460  words

DATELINE: Arlington


National Defense Industrial Association has issued the following job release:


Job Summary

Company
    WinnResidential
Location
    Fresno, CA 93706
Industries
    Real Estate/[#x200b]Property Management
Job Type
    Full Time
    Employee
Years of Experience
    5+[#x200b] to 7 Years
Education Level
    Bachelor's Degree
Career Level
    Manager (Manager/[#x200b]Supervisor of Staff)

Regional Marketing Coordinator
About the Job

WinnResidential is currently seeking a Regional Marketing Coordinator to oversee
all marketing efforts in the California region with experience in the
Central/[#x200b]Bay area strongly preferred.[#x200b] The ideal candidate will
have a successful track record in marketing and lease up activity, strategic
thinking, team development, compliance and tax credit program understanding,
internet and social media advertising and solid communication skills.[#x200b]
In addition, the ideal candidate must have experience in leading and training a
successful team of sales/[#x200b] leasing professionals in Leasing Techniques,
Fair Housing and other industry "Best Practices".[#x200b]   Must have a  proven
track record of exceptional leadership, customer service, problem solving and
organizational skills.[#x200b]

Join one of the largest and fastest growing multi-family organizations in the
country!  WinnResidential owns and manages a diverse portfolio of properties
including  Class A luxury, senior housing, affordable and military
communities.[#x200b]  If you enjoy a fast paced, customer oriented environment
this is the career for you.[#x200b]  Founded in 1971, WinnCompanies is a
nationally recognized owner, developer and manager of real estate.[#x200b]  Our
company is over three thousand employees strong, with a presence in 23
states.[#x200b]  As a company we emphasize innovative thinking, value each
employee as an individual and offer the chance to share in our dedication to
quality and excellence.[#x200b]  WinnCompanies is an Equal Opportunity Employer
that values and encourages diversity within the workplace.[#x200b]  We are a
diverse organization with 47%[#x200b] of our workforce comprising of women or
minorities.[#x200b]  Here,  you'll a competitive salary and benefits package in
addition to strong career potential in a progressive and growing
company.[#x200b],  We offer Health, Dental, Life and Disability Insurance
benefits; in addition to a generous 401k plan that includes a 100%[#x200b]
vested employer match upon hire.[#x200b]

A minimum of 5 years property management experience and knowledge of property
management software systems required.[#x200b]  Exceptional computer knowledge a
must.[#x200b]    A  college degree or related coursework in business,
accounting, hospitality, or property management is preferred; high school degree
or equivalent required.[#x200b]

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             719 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Regional Marketing Coordinator

LENGTH: 463  words


Washington, D.C.: Biotechnology Industry Organization has issued the following
news release:


Job Summary

Company
    WinnResidential
Location
    Fresno, CA 93706
Industries
    Real Estate/[#x200b]Property Management
Job Type
    Full Time
    Employee
Years of Experience
    5+[#x200b] to 7 Years
Education Level
    Bachelor's Degree
Career Level
    Manager (Manager/[#x200b]Supervisor of Staff)

Regional Marketing Coordinator
About the Job

WinnResidential is currently seeking a Regional Marketing Coordinator to oversee
all marketing efforts in the California region with experience in the
Central/[#x200b]Bay area strongly preferred.[#x200b] The ideal candidate will
have a successful track record in marketing and lease up activity, strategic
thinking, team development, compliance and tax credit program understanding,
internet and social media advertising and solid communication skills.[#x200b]
In addition, the ideal candidate must have experience in leading and training a
successful team of sales/[#x200b] leasing professionals in Leasing Techniques,
Fair Housing and other industry "Best Practices".[#x200b]   Must have a  proven
track record of exceptional leadership, customer service, problem solving and
organizational skills.[#x200b]

Join one of the largest and fastest growing multi-family organizations in the
country!  WinnResidential owns and manages a diverse portfolio of properties
including  Class A luxury, senior housing, affordable and military
communities.[#x200b]  If you enjoy a fast paced, customer oriented environment
this is the career for you.[#x200b]  Founded in 1971, WinnCompanies is a
nationally recognized owner, developer and manager of real estate.[#x200b]  Our
company is over three thousand employees strong, with a presence in 23
states.[#x200b]  As a company we emphasize innovative thinking, value each
employee as an individual and offer the chance to share in our dedication to
quality and excellence.[#x200b]  WinnCompanies is an Equal Opportunity Employer
that values and encourages diversity within the workplace.[#x200b]  We are a
diverse organization with 47%[#x200b] of our workforce comprising of women or
minorities.[#x200b]  Here,  you'll a competitive salary and benefits package in
addition to strong career potential in a progressive and growing
company.[#x200b],  We offer Health, Dental, Life and Disability Insurance
benefits; in addition to a generous 401k plan that includes a 100%[#x200b]
vested employer match upon hire.[#x200b]

A minimum of 5 years property management experience and knowledge of property
management software systems required.[#x200b]  Exceptional computer knowledge a
must.[#x200b]    A  college degree or related coursework in business,
accounting, hospitality, or property management is preferred; high school degree
or equivalent required.[#x200b]

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             720 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 27, 2016 Monday

Wisconsin: Wisconsin Rapids Housing Study and Needs Assessment Findings

LENGTH: 614  words

DATELINE: New York



 Madison: City of Wisconsin Rapids, The state of Wisconsin has issued the
following news release:



 ation on Tuesday, June 21 at 5 p.m. A shortened version of the presentation
will also be provided to the City Common Council during its meeting at 6 p.m.



 The purpose of the Housing Study and Needs Assessment study was to evaluate how
effectively existing housing meets community needs; anticipate future housing
needs; and outline issues, opportunities and recommendations in the development
of affordable and comfortable housing options.

 These are among the major findings from the City of Wisconsin Rapids Housing
Study and Needs Assessment.

 Survey results indicate: Over 80% of respondents were homeowners with a third
of respondents stating their household consisted of 2 members. Nearly 30% of
their household members were under the age of 18.

 Nearly 64% of respondents stated that one or more members of their household
were employed full-time and over 24% of respondents indicated a gross annual
household income between $50,000 and $74,999 and over 19% of respondents
indicated a gross annual household income between $25,000 and $49,999. More than
42% of respondents indicated they spent more than 30% of household income on
rent and other housing-related expenses.

 Almost 88% of respondents indicated they lived in single-family homes. Rental
respondents reported the largest barriers to purchasing were the inability to
afford a down payment and existing outstanding debt.

 In addition the study determined, [#xfffd]&#130;[#xfffd] A need for increasing
or adapting existing single/two-family and multifamily housing units, both for
owners and renters, with a specific emphasis on providing housing options for
young families and empty-nesters. [#xfffd]&#130;[#xfffd] The need for more
quality and affordable housing options for both owners and renters.
[#xfffd]&#130;[#xfffd] The need for a proactive and collaborative approach to
property maintenance, compliance, and enforcement. [#xfffd]&#130;[#xfffd] The
need to establish formal neighborhoods to ensure municipal revitalization
efforts, while also establishing a "bottom-up grassroots" partner.
[#xfffd]&#130;[#xfffd] The need for a proactive approach to counter often
inaccurate perceptions and misrepresentations regarding affordable housing for
seniors and low income residents.

 The City of Wisconsin Rapids late last year contracted with Wisconsin-based
planning and community development consultant Vierbicher Associates to conduct
the study. Because Wisconsin Rapids is positioned among other communities with
similar population sizes, the study employs a comparative analysis of housing
supply and demand in Wisconsin Rapids, and in several surrounding communities.
This comparative analysis is integrated throughout this report, which considers,
among other data points, demographics, residency/vacancy trends, sales figures,
and single- and multi-family residence availability.

 Survey questions were generated in part from pre-survey interviews with a range
of stakeholders, including developers, financial institutions, real estate
brokerage firms, rental property owners and City staff.

 "The widespread response of citizens who live, work, and play in the City of
Wisconsin Rapids and surrounding communities was gratifying," said Wisconsin
Rapids Mayor Zach Vruwink. "We look forward to publicly sharing these results of
this study, which marks an important milestone in our goal of meeting immediate
and future housing needs."

 Complete results of the City of Wisconsin Rapids Housing Study and Needs
Assessment can be found on the City Website at wirapids.org.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             721 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2013 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                       GlobalData - Business Description

                                August 19, 2013

                                   MCAP Inc.

                            400-200 King Street West
                              Toronto,  ON M5H 3T4
                                     Canada

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW

   MCAP Inc. (MCAP) is an independent mortgage financing companies. The company
has over $35 billion in assets under administration. It classifies its business
into three categories, namely, residential mortgages, commercial mortgages and
construction loans. In the residential mortgage category, MCAP offers full range
of fixed rate, variable rate and revolving line of credit products catering to
the needs of home buyers, seasoned homeowners and for buyers in need of an
extended amortization. The company finances rental properties and secondary
homes and for up gradation work, renovation, installation through MCAP Home
Express. It provides financing for commercial and industrial properties having a
diversified capital base through its commercial mortgage category. MCAP offers
this service across Vancouver, Calgary, Edmonton, Winnipeg, Toronto, Montreal
and Quebec Cities in Canada. Further, the company also provides all types of
financing that include insuring apartment buildings, mezzanine financing,
underwriting, credit adjudication, deal analysis and portfolio management to its
investors. It is the originators and expert partner of CMHC mortgages with in
depth knowledge of CMHC's multi-family products for both new and existing
policies. MCAP's concentration is to provide long term financing on apartment
buildings, retirement home projects and affordable housing projects. The
company's conventional loan programs targets loans sizes from $2 million to $20
million on a fixed and a floating rates basis for terms of up to 10 years. Its
Construction loans category structures and funds mortgages for investment,
commercial and industrial properties across Canada. In last three years MCAP has
completed over $5 billion of construction commitments. The company also ventured
into providing loan warehousing facilities. It provides services within this
category to retail, senior's multi-unit residential facilities and condominium,
office, industrial and hotel sectors. MCAP also provides leasing options to
finance equipment catering to hospitality, transportation and office, industrial
and manufacturing industries. In the Broker services, the company provides
analysis of the current market scenario in which a broker is operative and
assists brokers in meeting their objectives. In the Health Care Services it
provides equipment acquisition financing, practice purchases, leasehold
improvement financing and construction or mortgage financing. MCAP through
servicing solutions administers the full life cycle of a lease from the credit
application stage through to asset management and disposal stage and also
provides customized solutions. The company operates through 9 offices across
Canada.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
History                                 Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2013


                             722 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 3, 2016 Monday

California: CITY OF HUNTINGTON BEACH NOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARING AND

LENGTH: 416  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: The District of California has issued the following Public Notice:



  CITY OF HUNTINGTON BEACH NOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARING AND 30-DAY REVIEW OF
PROPOSED AMENDMENT NO.

1 (SUBSTANTIAL) TO THE CITY'S 2016-2017 ANNUAL ACTION PLAN FOR THE CDBG AND HOME
PROGRAMS NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that on October 17, 2016, at 6:00 PM or as soon
thereafter as the matter may be heard, in the City Council Chambers of the
Huntington Beach City Hall, 2000 Main Street, Huntington Beach, California, the
City Council will hold a public hearing on the proposed Amendment No. 1 to the
2016-2017 Annual Action Plan for the CDBG and HOME programs to receive comment
on the proposed changes. The public comment period shall run from September 15
to October 17, 2016 pursuant to compliance with the City's Citizen Participation
Plan and with the Federal Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD)
submission requirements as outlined in Section 570.302 of the Code of Federal
Regulations. The proposed Amendment to the Annual Action Plan is as follows:
Reallocation of Acquisition/Rehabilitation/New Construction HOME funds to the
Orange County Community Housing Corporation in the amount of $781,220 for
acquisition of a four-unit multi-family complex located at 7792 Barton Drive,
which will house two (2) very-low and two (2) low income households.
Reallocation of Acquisition/Rehabilitation/New Construction HOME funds to Mercy
House for Tenant Based Rental Assistance Program in the amount of $194,564 to be
implemented 2016/17. PUBLIC COMMENTS Public comments may be made at the hearing
and in writing during the 30-day public comment period commencing September 15
to October 17, 2016. A copy of the Amended FY 2016/17 Annual Action Plan, which
includes a summary of the proposed changes, is available at the City of
Huntington Beach Office of Business Development, Fifth Floor, 2000 Main Street,
Huntington Beach, from 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM Monday through Friday, and on the
City's website:
http://www.huntingtonbeachca.gov/government/departments/ed/cdbg/. Written
comments can be addressed to: ACTION PLAN PROPOSED AMENDMENTS Attn: Denise
Bazant, Administrative Analyst Office of Business Development City of Huntington
Beach 2000 Main Street - Fifth Floor Huntington Beach, California 92648
PUBLICATION DATE: September 15, 2016 and September 29, 2016 The Huntington Beach
Wave 10197015



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             723 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 1, 2016 Saturday

California: CITY OF HUNTINGTON BEACH NOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARING AND

LENGTH: 417  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: The District of California has issued the following Public Notice:




   CITY OF HUNTINGTON BEACH NOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARING AND 30-DAY REVIEW OF
PROPOSED AMENDMENT NO.

1 (SUBSTANTIAL) TO THE CITY'S 2016-2017 ANNUAL ACTION PLAN FOR THE CDBG AND HOME
PROGRAMS NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that on October 17, 2016, at 6:00 PM or as soon
thereafter as the matter may be heard, in the City Council Chambers of the
Huntington Beach City Hall, 2000 Main Street, Huntington Beach, California, the
City Council will hold a public hearing on the proposed Amendment No. 1 to the
2016-2017 Annual Action Plan for the CDBG and HOME programs to receive comment
on the proposed changes. The public comment period shall run from September 15
to October 17, 2016 pursuant to compliance with the City's Citizen Participation
Plan and with the Federal Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD)
submission requirements as outlined in Section 570.302 of the Code of Federal
Regulations. The proposed Amendment to the Annual Action Plan is as follows:
Reallocation of Acquisition/Rehabilitation/New Construction HOME funds to the
Orange County Community Housing Corporation in the amount of $781,220 for
acquisition of a four-unit multi-family complex located at 7792 Barton Drive,
which will house two (2) very-low and two (2) low income households.
Reallocation of Acquisition/Rehabilitation/New Construction HOME funds to Mercy
House for Tenant Based Rental Assistance Program in the amount of $194,564 to be
implemented 2016/17. PUBLIC COMMENTS Public comments may be made at the hearing
and in writing during the 30-day public comment period commencing September 15
to October 17, 2016. A copy of the Amended FY 2016/17 Annual Action Plan, which
includes a summary of the proposed changes, is available at the City of
Huntington Beach Office of Business Development, Fifth Floor, 2000 Main Street,
Huntington Beach, from 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM Monday through Friday, and on the
City's website:
http://www.huntingtonbeachca.gov/government/departments/ed/cdbg/. Written
comments can be addressed to: ACTION PLAN PROPOSED AMENDMENTS Attn: Denise
Bazant, Administrative Analyst Office of Business Development City of Huntington
Beach 2000 Main Street - Fifth Floor Huntington Beach, California 92648
PUBLICATION DATE: September 15, 2016 and September 29, 2016 The Huntington Beach
Wave 10197015



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             724 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Caifornia: CITY OF HUNTINGTON BEACH NOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARING AND

LENGTH: 417  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: The District of California has issued the following Public Notice:



   CITY OF HUNTINGTON BEACH NOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARING AND 30-DAY REVIEW OF
PROPOSED AMENDMENT NO.

1 (SUBSTANTIAL) TO THE CITY'S 2016-2017 ANNUAL ACTION PLAN FOR THE CDBG AND HOME
PROGRAMS NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that on October 17, 2016, at 6:00 PM or as soon
thereafter as the matter may be heard, in the City Council Chambers of the
Huntington Beach City Hall, 2000 Main Street, Huntington Beach, California, the
City Council will hold a public hearing on the proposed Amendment No. 1 to the
2016-2017 Annual Action Plan for the CDBG and HOME programs to receive comment
on the proposed changes. The public comment period shall run from September 15
to October 17, 2016 pursuant to compliance with the City's Citizen Participation
Plan and with the Federal Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD)
submission requirements as outlined in Section 570.302 of the Code of Federal
Regulations. The proposed Amendment to the Annual Action Plan is as follows:
Reallocation of Acquisition/Rehabilitation/New Construction HOME funds to the
Orange County Community Housing Corporation in the amount of $781,220 for
acquisition of a four-unit multi-family complex located at 7792 Barton Drive,
which will house two (2) very-low and two (2) low income households.
Reallocation of Acquisition/Rehabilitation/New Construction HOME funds to Mercy
House for Tenant Based Rental Assistance Program in the amount of $194,564 to be
implemented 2016/17. PUBLIC COMMENTS Public comments may be made at the hearing
and in writing during the 30-day public comment period commencing September 15
to October 17, 2016. A copy of the Amended FY 2016/17 Annual Action Plan, which
includes a summary of the proposed changes, is available at the City of
Huntington Beach Office of Business Development, Fifth Floor, 2000 Main Street,
Huntington Beach, from 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM Monday through Friday, and on the
City's website:
http://www.huntingtonbeachca.gov/government/departments/ed/cdbg/. Written
comments can be addressed to: ACTION PLAN PROPOSED AMENDMENTS Attn: Denise
Bazant, Administrative Analyst Office of Business Development City of Huntington
Beach 2000 Main Street - Fifth Floor Huntington Beach, California 92648
PUBLICATION DATE: September 15, 2016 and September 29, 2016 The Huntington Beach
Wave 10197015





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             725 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Caifornia: CITY OF HUNTINGTON BEACH NOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARING AND

LENGTH: 417  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: The District of California has issued the following Public Notice:



   CITY OF HUNTINGTON BEACH NOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARING AND 30-DAY REVIEW OF
PROPOSED AMENDMENT NO.

1 (SUBSTANTIAL) TO THE CITY'S 2016-2017 ANNUAL ACTION PLAN FOR THE CDBG AND HOME
PROGRAMS NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that on October 17, 2016, at 6:00 PM or as soon
thereafter as the matter may be heard, in the City Council Chambers of the
Huntington Beach City Hall, 2000 Main Street, Huntington Beach, California, the
City Council will hold a public hearing on the proposed Amendment No. 1 to the
2016-2017 Annual Action Plan for the CDBG and HOME programs to receive comment
on the proposed changes. The public comment period shall run from September 15
to October 17, 2016 pursuant to compliance with the City's Citizen Participation
Plan and with the Federal Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD)
submission requirements as outlined in Section 570.302 of the Code of Federal
Regulations. The proposed Amendment to the Annual Action Plan is as follows:
Reallocation of Acquisition/Rehabilitation/New Construction HOME funds to the
Orange County Community Housing Corporation in the amount of $781,220 for
acquisition of a four-unit multi-family complex located at 7792 Barton Drive,
which will house two (2) very-low and two (2) low income households.
Reallocation of Acquisition/Rehabilitation/New Construction HOME funds to Mercy
House for Tenant Based Rental Assistance Program in the amount of $194,564 to be
implemented 2016/17. PUBLIC COMMENTS Public comments may be made at the hearing
and in writing during the 30-day public comment period commencing September 15
to October 17, 2016. A copy of the Amended FY 2016/17 Annual Action Plan, which
includes a summary of the proposed changes, is available at the City of
Huntington Beach Office of Business Development, Fifth Floor, 2000 Main Street,
Huntington Beach, from 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM Monday through Friday, and on the
City's website:
http://www.huntingtonbeachca.gov/government/departments/ed/cdbg/. Written
comments can be addressed to: ACTION PLAN PROPOSED AMENDMENTS Attn: Denise
Bazant, Administrative Analyst Office of Business Development City of Huntington
Beach 2000 Main Street - Fifth Floor Huntington Beach, California 92648
PUBLICATION DATE: September 15, 2016 and September 29, 2016 The Huntington Beach
Wave 10197015





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             726 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 17, 2016 Saturday

California: CITY OF HUNTINGTON BEACH NOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARING AND

LENGTH: 417  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: The District of California has issued the following Public Notice:



   CITY OF HUNTINGTON BEACH NOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARING AND 30-DAY REVIEW OF
PROPOSED AMENDMENT NO.

1 (SUBSTANTIAL) TO THE CITY'S 2016-2017 ANNUAL ACTION PLAN FOR THE CDBG AND HOME
PROGRAMS NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that on October 17, 2016, at 6:00 PM or as soon
thereafter as the matter may be heard, in the City Council Chambers of the
Huntington Beach City Hall, 2000 Main Street, Huntington Beach, California, the
City Council will hold a public hearing on the proposed Amendment No. 1 to the
2016-2017 Annual Action Plan for the CDBG and HOME programs to receive comment
on the proposed changes. The public comment period shall run from September 15
to October 17, 2016 pursuant to compliance with the City's Citizen Participation
Plan and with the Federal Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD)
submission requirements as outlined in Section 570.302 of the Code of Federal
Regulations. The proposed Amendment to the Annual Action Plan is as follows:
Reallocation of Acquisition/Rehabilitation/New Construction HOME funds to the
Orange County Community Housing Corporation in the amount of $781,220 for
acquisition of a four-unit multi-family complex located at 7792 Barton Drive,
which will house two (2) very-low and two (2) low income households.
Reallocation of Acquisition/Rehabilitation/New Construction HOME funds to Mercy
House for Tenant Based Rental Assistance Program in the amount of $194,564 to be
implemented 2016/17. PUBLIC COMMENTS Public comments may be made at the hearing
and in writing during the 30-day public comment period commencing September 15
to October 17, 2016. A copy of the Amended FY 2016/17 Annual Action Plan, which
includes a summary of the proposed changes, is available at the City of
Huntington Beach Office of Business Development, Fifth Floor, 2000 Main Street,
Huntington Beach, from 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM Monday through Friday, and on the
City's website:
http://www.huntingtonbeachca.gov/government/departments/ed/cdbg/. Written
comments can be addressed to: ACTION PLAN PROPOSED AMENDMENTS Attn: Denise
Bazant, Administrative Analyst Office of Business Development City of Huntington
Beach 2000 Main Street - Fifth Floor Huntington Beach, California 92648
PUBLICATION DATE: September 15, 2016 and September 29, 2016 The Huntington Beach
Wave 10197015



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             727 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

California: CITY OF HUNTINGTON BEACH NOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARING AND

LENGTH: 417  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: The District of California has issued the following Public Notice:



   CITY OF HUNTINGTON BEACH NOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARING AND 30-DAY REVIEW OF
PROPOSED AMENDMENT NO.

1 (SUBSTANTIAL) TO THE CITY'S 2016-2017 ANNUAL ACTION PLAN FOR THE CDBG AND HOME
PROGRAMS NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that on October 17, 2016, at 6:00 PM or as soon
thereafter as the matter may be heard, in the City Council Chambers of the
Huntington Beach City Hall, 2000 Main Street, Huntington Beach, California, the
City Council will hold a public hearing on the proposed Amendment No. 1 to the
2016-2017 Annual Action Plan for the CDBG and HOME programs to receive comment
on the proposed changes. The public comment period shall run from September 15
to October 17, 2016 pursuant to compliance with the City's Citizen Participation
Plan and with the Federal Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD)
submission requirements as outlined in Section 570.302 of the Code of Federal
Regulations. The proposed Amendment to the Annual Action Plan is as follows:
Reallocation of Acquisition/Rehabilitation/New Construction HOME funds to the
Orange County Community Housing Corporation in the amount of $781,220 for
acquisition of a four-unit multi-family complex located at 7792 Barton Drive,
which will house two (2) very-low and two (2) low income households.
Reallocation of Acquisition/Rehabilitation/New Construction HOME funds to Mercy
House for Tenant Based Rental Assistance Program in the amount of $194,564 to be
implemented 2016/17. PUBLIC COMMENTS Public comments may be made at the hearing
and in writing during the 30-day public comment period commencing September 15
to October 17, 2016. A copy of the Amended FY 2016/17 Annual Action Plan, which
includes a summary of the proposed changes, is available at the City of
Huntington Beach Office of Business Development, Fifth Floor, 2000 Main Street,
Huntington Beach, from 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM Monday through Friday, and on the
City's website:
http://www.huntingtonbeachca.gov/government/departments/ed/cdbg/. Written
comments can be addressed to: ACTION PLAN PROPOSED AMENDMENTS Attn: Denise
Bazant, Administrative Analyst Office of Business Development City of Huntington
Beach 2000 Main Street - Fifth Floor Huntington Beach, California 92648
PUBLICATION DATE: September 15, 2016 and September 29, 2016 The Huntington Beach
Wave 10197015



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             728 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

California: CITY OF HUNTINGTON BEACH NOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARING AND

LENGTH: 417  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: The District of California has issued the following Public Notice:







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com
 CITY OF HUNTINGTON BEACH NOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARING AND 30-DAY REVIEW OF PROPOSED
AMENDMENT NO.

1 (SUBSTANTIAL) TO THE CITY'S 2016-2017 ANNUAL ACTION PLAN FOR THE CDBG AND HOME
PROGRAMS NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that on October 17, 2016, at 6:00 PM or as soon
thereafter as the matter may be heard, in the City Council Chambers of the
Huntington Beach City Hall, 2000 Main Street, Huntington Beach, California, the
City Council will hold a public hearing on the proposed Amendment No. 1 to the
2016-2017 Annual Action Plan for the CDBG and HOME programs to receive comment
on the proposed changes. The public comment period shall run from September 15
to October 17, 2016 pursuant to compliance with the City's Citizen Participation
Plan and with the Federal Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD)
submission requirements as outlined in Section 570.302 of the Code of Federal
Regulations. The proposed Amendment to the Annual Action Plan is as follows:
Reallocation of Acquisition/Rehabilitation/New Construction HOME funds to the
Orange County Community Housing Corporation in the amount of $781,220 for
acquisition of a four-unit multi-family complex located at 7792 Barton Drive,
which will house two (2) very-low and two (2) low income households.
Reallocation of Acquisition/Rehabilitation/New Construction HOME funds to Mercy
House for Tenant Based Rental Assistance Program in the amount of $194,564 to be
implemented 2016/17. PUBLIC COMMENTS Public comments may be made at the hearing
and in writing during the 30-day public comment period commencing September 15
to October 17, 2016. A copy of the Amended FY 2016/17 Annual Action Plan, which
includes a summary of the proposed changes, is available at the City of
Huntington Beach Office of Business Development, Fifth Floor, 2000 Main Street,
Huntington Beach, from 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM Monday through Friday, and on the
City's website:
http://www.huntingtonbeachca.gov/government/departments/ed/cdbg/. Written
comments can be addressed to: ACTION PLAN PROPOSED AMENDMENTS Attn: Denise
Bazant, Administrative Analyst Office of Business Development City of Huntington
Beach 2000 Main Street - Fifth Floor Huntington Beach, California 92648
PUBLICATION DATE: September 15, 2016 and September 29, 2016 The Huntington Beach
Wave 10197015

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             729 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

California: CITY OF HUNTINGTON BEACH NOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARING AND

LENGTH: 417  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: The District of California has issued the following Public Notice:







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com
 CITY OF HUNTINGTON BEACH NOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARING AND 30-DAY REVIEW OF PROPOSED
AMENDMENT NO.

1 (SUBSTANTIAL) TO THE CITY'S 2016-2017 ANNUAL ACTION PLAN FOR THE CDBG AND HOME
PROGRAMS NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that on October 17, 2016, at 6:00 PM or as soon
thereafter as the matter may be heard, in the City Council Chambers of the
Huntington Beach City Hall, 2000 Main Street, Huntington Beach, California, the
City Council will hold a public hearing on the proposed Amendment No. 1 to the
2016-2017 Annual Action Plan for the CDBG and HOME programs to receive comment
on the proposed changes. The public comment period shall run from September 15
to October 17, 2016 pursuant to compliance with the City's Citizen Participation
Plan and with the Federal Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD)
submission requirements as outlined in Section 570.302 of the Code of Federal
Regulations. The proposed Amendment to the Annual Action Plan is as follows:
Reallocation of Acquisition/Rehabilitation/New Construction HOME funds to the
Orange County Community Housing Corporation in the amount of $781,220 for
acquisition of a four-unit multi-family complex located at 7792 Barton Drive,
which will house two (2) very-low and two (2) low income households.
Reallocation of Acquisition/Rehabilitation/New Construction HOME funds to Mercy
House for Tenant Based Rental Assistance Program in the amount of $194,564 to be
implemented 2016/17. PUBLIC COMMENTS Public comments may be made at the hearing
and in writing during the 30-day public comment period commencing September 15
to October 17, 2016. A copy of the Amended FY 2016/17 Annual Action Plan, which
includes a summary of the proposed changes, is available at the City of
Huntington Beach Office of Business Development, Fifth Floor, 2000 Main Street,
Huntington Beach, from 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM Monday through Friday, and on the
City's website:
http://www.huntingtonbeachca.gov/government/departments/ed/cdbg/. Written
comments can be addressed to: ACTION PLAN PROPOSED AMENDMENTS Attn: Denise
Bazant, Administrative Analyst Office of Business Development City of Huntington
Beach 2000 Main Street - Fifth Floor Huntington Beach, California 92648
PUBLICATION DATE: September 15, 2016 and September 29, 2016 The Huntington Beach
Wave 10197015

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             730 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Finance & Commerce (Minneapolis, MN)

                          September 23, 2004 Thursday

Another phase launched at Upper Landing project

BYLINE: Mark Anderson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 845 words


Construction started this week on the next-to-last phase of St. Paul's Upper
Landing redevelopment, a 21-acre housing, recreational and commercial
reclamation effort along the city's historic riverfront.

The new stage will contain the Upper Landing's only market-rate rental units, a
344-apartment Class A development on two parcels near the east end of the site.
Lead developer on the $54.7 million project is Dallas-based North America
Partners, a multi-family housing specialist making its entry in the Twin Cities
market.

NAP enlisted Minneapolis-based Ryan Cos. as a minority investor and contractor
for the project, while Prudential Real Estate Investors, one of the giant
insurer's asset management units, will provide a major part of the joint
venture's equity after construction is complete.

The project includes two buildings of upscale one- and two-bedroom apartments
priced from $980 to $2,700 a month.

John Hilz, one of NAP's three principals, said the developers took pains to add
site-specific amenities on the parcels, designing the buildings to provide river
views from most apartments, as well as including features such as fireplaces in
most apartments and large fitness facilities.

The first units should be ready for occupancy by October 2005, with the entire
project completed by the end of that year.

Hilz said his company is eager to gain a piece of the Twin Cities multi-family
market, adding the Upper Landing project gives an indication of the strategy it
will use.

"We're looking for quality projects in some of the area's best locations, and
what we'll try to do is fill in the niches that other developers aren't
providing," he said.

In this case, that means building upper-end rental units when most other current
local projects are focusing on for-sale apartments.

NAP has developed about 5,000 units, mostly in the southwestern part of the
country. Hilz said the company has 2,000 units under development.

The deal also brings another new financing player into the Twin Cities market -
the $16 billion Guaranty Bank. Dallas-based Guaranty is a real estate specialist
that has been a frequent partner with Prudential Investors on its development
projects. It has also worked with NAP and Ryan in the past.

NorthMarq Capital's Minneapolis and Dallas offices collaborated to assemble the
joint venture and secure Guaranty's $51.4 million construction loan.

The groundbreaking marks a midpoint in construction on the 716 new homes that
are planned for the Upper Landing area, located west of downtown St. Paul at
Shepard Road and Washington Street.

For many decades, the area was a barge landing that served nearby grain mills.
The redevelopment plans call for the reuse of two remaining century-old
buildings.

The new neighborhood will include a mix of market-rate apartments and townhomes,
along with 90 apartments guaranteed to be affordable for households with incomes
below the metro median.

Centex Corp. was master developer for the project, and its Minnesota
home-building subsidiary has just completed the development's initial
construction stage. All but a couple of those first 30 townhomes - priced from
$375,000 to $750,000 - have been sold, said project manager Matt Anfang.

Shelter Corp. completed construction on the 90 affordable apartments in July,
and all of them have been rented. Rental prices on those units are from $782 for
two-bedrooms to $903 for three-bedrooms.

The David Bernard Co., the townhome development subsidiary of Rottlund Homes, is
nearing completion of the first phase of its Upper Landing contribution, a
145-home project priced from the high-$300,000 range and up. The first owners
moved in to the Bernard homes a week ago, and construction on all units is
expected to be completed by 2007.

The David Bernard division is also negotiating with the city of St. Paul and
Centex on terms for the Upper Landing's final parcel, which includes
redevelopment of the historic Head House, one of the barge unloading buildings.

The sides have agreed on the concept for the Head House, which will include a
restaurant and retail spaces on the first floor of the 22,000-square-foot
building and offices on the second. Plans also include building 80 new condos
alongside the structure.

But there probably won't be a final site plan agreement in time to let
construction begin this year, said Michael Noonan, project manager for David
Bernards.

City officials are still working on details of a final Upper Landing site, this
one outside the Centex project. Under the plan, the Sack House - the site's
other historic building - would be restored into an interpretive center and
restaurant.

Lucy Thompson, a senior planner with St. Paul's Planning and Economic
Development Department, said the city hopes to conclude a development plan for
that project this fall, but she warned that planning, which has been under way
for 18 months already, may take still more time.

"It's been an extremely complicated process," she said.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             731 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              July 30, 2007 Monday

PENINSULA GOVERNMENT WATCH | July 30 - Aug. 3

BYLINE: Compiled by the Mercury News

SECTION: LOCAL; News; Peninsula; Communities; Politics

LENGTH: 336 words


| July 30 - Aug. 3

Today

30

UNION HIGH SCHOOL DISTRICT SCHOOL BOARD

7 p.m. 1299 Bryant Ave., Mountain View

TRUSTEE SELECTION The board will interview and select a trustee to replace David
Williams, who resigned.

SUNNYVALE

Today

30

FREMONT UNION HIGH SCHOOL DISTRICT SCHOOL BOARD

2:30 p.m. 589 W. Fremont Ave., Sunnyvale

TRUSTEE APPOINTMENTThe board will interview 10 applicants, hear public input and
appoint a new board member.

Palo Alto

Wednesday

1

UNIFIED SCHOOL DISTRICT SCHOOL BOARD

10 a.m.-7 p.m., Garden Court Hotel, 520 Cowper St., Palo Alto

WORKSHOP The board and Superintendent Kevin Skelly will participate in a
leadership workshop. Consultants Geoff Ball & Associates will present a report
on the district.

Santa Clara Valley Water District

Today

30

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

9:30 a.m., 5700 Almaden Expressway, San Jose

POLICY REVIEW The board will review policies governing the water district.

Tuesday

31

9:30 a.m.

VACANT BOARD SEAT The board will interview candidates to fill District 5 seat.

Wednesday

1

9:00 a.m.

VACANT BOARD SEAT Continuation of candidate interviews for District 5 seat.

Palo Alto

Today

30

CITY COUNCIL

6 p.m., Council Chambers, 250 Hamilton Ave.

AFFORDABLE HOUSING The council will hear reports about an acquisition and
development agreement between the city and Community Housing Alliance for a
proposed affordable multi-family rental housing project on Alma Street.

Los Altos Hills

Thursday

2

PLANNING COMMISSION

7 p.m., Council Chambers, 26379 Fremont Road

CANCER BENEFIT The commission will consider the American Cancer Society's
application to host a benefit for an estimated 600 guests at Fremont Hills
Country Club.

WATER The commission will discuss water meters for landscaping.

Portola Valley

Wednesday

1

PLANNING COMMISSION

8 p.m., Council Chambers, 765 Portola Road

CREEK PROTECTION The commission will hold a preliminary discussion on the Draft
Creek Setback Ordinance.

Sunnyvale

Tuesday

31

CITY COUNCIL

7 p.m., 456 W. Olive Ave.

TREES The council will consider awarding a contract to Arborwell for street tree
structural pruning.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             732 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Dickinson Press (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 22, 2013 Thursday

Dickinson officials to slow apartment construction

BYLINE: Katherine Grandstrand, The Dickinson Press, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 607 words


Aug. 22--Apartment building in Dickinson may be slowing down.

A development proposal from Utah-based Five Diamond Fund Managers and Raddon
Development planned to consist of about 900 apartments, but plans changed after
Community Development Director Ed Courton informed Ron Raddon and his team that
the city was near capacity with apartments.

Courton said all existing, under construction and planned apartment buildings
were considered in the city's decision.

The proposal presented to the Dickinson Planning and Zoning Commission for
rezoning of the land on Wednesday morning at City Hall included more retail and
fewer apartments on land located on the southwest side of Interstate 94 Exit 59
that was once owned by the Stark County Fair Board.

The commission unanimously approved the rezone from community commercial and
agriculture to a planned unit development for the area.

"A large commercial development like this isn't hardly any impact at all,"
Raddon said of city utilities. "You put a subdivision in with 100 houses and 100
dishwashers and clothing machines and showers and everything, that's what
impacts the water, the sewer, the storm drain. This project won't do that."

If all plans are approved, dirt would begin moving on the 96-acre project in
September.

"They have significantly reduced the number of apartments based on staff's
recommendation," Courton said. "I've been working with them to have as much
commercial -- to have a uniform building design, a uniform site, a uniform sign
code, a unified landscaping plan, similar to what I've done in other
communities."

The city has an overabundance of apartment buildings if all planned structures
are completed, Courton said.

"By the end of this year, for the allocation based upon current building permits
that are submitted, I see that apartments will probably be somewhere around 63
percent, give or take probably 10 percent," Courton said, "but at least a high
figure of apartments compared to single family. That's kind of the reverse of
what it was last year."

When figuring in planned and under-construction apartments, the city will have
many more multi-family units than it calculated in its comprehensive plan,
Courton said. He recommends the city halt approval on any more apartment
buildings, but review the policy every six months.

"I do feel that under certain instances, even though we went over that number,
if it's a very good affordable housing project -- since we need that in our
community -- that we should consider those," Courton said. "It's not as if we're
going to get a tremendous amount of those, but we should probably factor that in
as well."

Because the city is at capacity with infrastructure, it will not try and rush
developers to finish multi-family structures but instead allow planned apartment
buildings to change into medium- or low-density residential, Courton said.

"I've been concerned for a long time that we're headed to an imbalance with
apartments," Commissioner Gene Jackson said. "But we have to remember what
rental prices still are today."

There are still people living in hotels and crew camps and renting out rooms or
floors in private houses, Commission President Earl Abrahamson said.

"There are a whole lot of rentals that aren't on the books," Abrahamson said.

The Planning and Zoning Commission agreed without a motion that it would halt
the approval of high-density residential, but review the policy every six
months. Courton will bring the issue to the City Commission.

___ (c)2013 the Dickinson Press (Dickinson, N.D.) Visit the Dickinson Press
(Dickinson, N.D.) at www.thedickinsonpress.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130822-QX-Dickinson-officials-to-slow-apartment-construction-0822-20130822

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QX


                       Copyright 2013 The Dickinson Press


                             733 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 25, 2016 Friday

Oregon: City Council Report

LENGTH: 460  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Salem: The City of Wilsonvill, Oregon has issued the following news release:


 At the March 21, 2016, meeting of the Wilsonville City Council, the Council
held a second reading and adopted a pair of related ordinances for an annexation
and a Zone Map amendment of a one-acre parcel, located at 11700 SW Tooze Road.
The Council actions rezoned the parcel from Rural Residential Farm Forest 5 to
Village (V) in order to allow a residential use consistent with the adjacent
parcels of land that already have the Village zoning designation. As the last
piece of land that completes the master-planned Villebois neighborhood, the
parcel is part of a larger previously-approved 63-lot subdivision by
applicant/homebuilder Polygon Northwest known as Calais.


 The City Council held a public hearing and approved a resolution authorizing a
supplemental budget adjustment for Fiscal Year 2015-16, which moves expenditures
from one category to another within a specific fund and does not increase the
overall budget. The Council action provides the needed budget authority to
advance a number of capital projects and other expenses.
 During the Mayor's Business portion of the meeting the City Council approved
the appointment of Arthur Park to the Budget Committee to fill a vacancy of an
unexpired term ending December 31, 2017. Mayor Knapp indicated that Mr. Park has
an impressive educational background, 15 years of experience as a credit officer
and has lived in the Villebois neighborhood since 2010.
 Under the Consent Agenda, the City Council adopted five resolutions that renew
property-tax exemptions under state law totaling $48,300 for five, nonprofit
multifamily communities with 366 affordable rental-housing units serving
low-income and senior residents in Wilsonville. These five multi-family housing
properties offer low-income families, seniors and individuals below-market rents
that are subsidized annually by approximately $318,600 as a result of local,
state and federal affordable housing subsidies.
 Also on the Consent Agenda the City Council authorized the City Manager to sign
an inter-governmental agreement between the City and Metro for a $320,000 Metro
grant to fund the Wilsonville Town Center Master Plan Project.
 A proposed ordinance regarding amending the City Code related to franchise fees
charged for use of the public right-of-way was continued to the City Council
meeting on May 16.
 During the work session prior to the regular meeting the City Council heard
reports on the Bicycle Wayfinding System, and discussed potential future
improvements and signage along Parkway Avenue Drive south of Town Center Loop. .







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             734 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 24, 2016 Thursday

Oregon: City Council Report for March 21, 2016

LENGTH: 460  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Salem: The City of Wilsonvill, Oregon has issued the following news release:


 At the March 21, 2016, meeting of the Wilsonville City Council, the Council
held a second reading and adopted a pair of related ordinances for an annexation
and a Zone Map amendment of a one-acre parcel, located at 11700 SW Tooze Road.
The Council actions rezoned the parcel from Rural Residential Farm Forest 5 to
Village (V) in order to allow a residential use consistent with the adjacent
parcels of land that already have the Village zoning designation. As the last
piece of land that completes the master-planned Villebois neighborhood, the
parcel is part of a larger previously-approved 63-lot subdivision by
applicant/homebuilder Polygon Northwest known as Calais.


 The City Council held a public hearing and approved a resolution authorizing a
supplemental budget adjustment for Fiscal Year 2015-16, which moves expenditures
from one category to another within a specific fund and does not increase the
overall budget. The Council action provides the needed budget authority to
advance a number of capital projects and other expenses.
 During the Mayor's Business portion of the meeting the City Council approved
the appointment of Arthur Park to the Budget Committee to fill a vacancy of an
unexpired term ending December 31, 2017. Mayor Knapp indicated that Mr. Park has
an impressive educational background, 15 years of experience as a credit officer
and has lived in the Villebois neighborhood since 2010.
 Under the Consent Agenda, the City Council adopted five resolutions that renew
property-tax exemptions under state law totaling $48,300 for five, nonprofit
multifamily communities with 366 affordable rental-housing units serving
low-income and senior residents in Wilsonville. These five multi-family housing
properties offer low-income families, seniors and individuals below-market rents
that are subsidized annually by approximately $318,600 as a result of local,
state and federal affordable housing subsidies.
 Also on the Consent Agenda the City Council authorized the City Manager to sign
an inter-governmental agreement between the City and Metro for a $320,000 Metro
grant to fund the Wilsonville Town Center Master Plan Project.
 A proposed ordinance regarding amending the City Code related to franchise fees
charged for use of the public right-of-way was continued to the City Council
meeting on May 16.
 During the work session prior to the regular meeting the City Council heard
reports on the Bicycle Wayfinding System, and discussed potential future
improvements and signage along Parkway Avenue Drive south of Town Center Loop. .







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             735 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

Oregon: City Council Report for March 21, 2016

LENGTH: 499  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Salem: The City of Wilsonvill, Oregon has issued the following news release:



  At the March 21, 2016, meeting of the Wilsonville City Council, the Council
held a second reading and adopted a pair of related ordinances for an annexation
and a Zone Map amendment of a one-acre parcel, located at 11700 SW Tooze Road.
The Council actions rezoned the parcel from Rural Residential Farm Forest 5 to
Village (V) in order to allow a residential use consistent with the adjacent
parcels of land that already have the Village zoning designation. As the last
piece of land that completes the master-planned Villebois neighborhood, the
parcel is part of a larger previously-approved 63-lot subdivision by
applicant/homebuilder Polygon Northwest known as Calais.



  The City Council held a public hearing and approved a resolution authorizing a
supplemental budget adjustment for Fiscal Year 2015-16, which moves expenditures
from one category to another within a specific fund and does not increase the
overall budget. The Council action provides the needed budget authority to
advance a number of capital projects and other expenses.

  During the Mayor's Business portion of the meeting the City Council approved
the appointment of Arthur Park to the Budget Committee to fill a vacancy of an
unexpired term ending December 31, 2017. Mayor Knapp indicated that Mr. Park has
an impressive educational background, 15 years of experience as a credit officer
and has lived in the Villebois neighborhood since 2010.

  Under the Consent Agenda, the City Council adopted five resolutions that renew
property-tax exemptions under state law totaling $48,300 for five, nonprofit
multifamily communities with 366 affordable rental-housing units serving
low-income and senior residents in Wilsonville. These five multi-family housing
properties offer low-income families, seniors and individuals below-market rents
that are subsidized annually by approximately $318,600 as a result of local,
state and federal affordable housing subsidies.

  Also on the Consent Agenda the City Council authorized the City Manager to
sign an inter-governmental agreement between the City and Metro for a $320,000
Metro grant to fund the Wilsonville Town Center Master Plan Project.

  A proposed ordinance regarding amending the City Code related to franchise
fees charged for use of the public right-of-way was continued to the City
Council meeting on May 16.

  During the work session prior to the regular meeting the City Council heard
reports on the Bicycle Wayfinding System, and discussed potential future
improvements and signage along Parkway Avenue Drive south of Town Center Loop. .


  Community members are able to watch a replay of all or a portion of the City
Council meetings on Comcast/Xfinity Ch. 30, Frontier Ch. 32 or on the City's
video-on-demand service at www.ci.wilsonville.or.us/WilsonvilleTV.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             736 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Anniston Star (Alabama)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 4, 2015 Friday

Leon Smith Parkway townhomes get approval from zoning officials

BYLINE: Zach Tyler, The Anniston Star, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 701 words


Dec. 04--OXFORD -- The city's Planning and Zoning Board on Monday approved a
developer's request to rezone a portion of a subdivision to allow for the
construction of townhomes.

Residents of a nearby subdivision, none of whom attended the board's meeting,
say they're awaiting more information on the change, with some voicing concerns
over whether it would affect the value of their homes and property.

The 32-acre subdivision, Weatherly Ridge, is owned by brothers Don and Barry
James and is currently zoned for garden homes. The land lies along the western
side of Leon Smith Parkway, south of the city's not-yet-complete sports complex.

Oxford's City Council gets to say whether the change takes effect, but won't
take the issue up until Jan. 12 at the earliest, after several weeks of required
public advertisement of the rezoning.

The city's leaders through other zoning laws have made a distinction between the
two types of homes, according to Building Services Department chief Mike
Roberts.

Garden homes are smaller, single family houses that sit alone on a smaller lot,
he said. Townhomes, on the other hand, stand side-by-side and share a common
wall with at least one other unit.

The James brothers attended Monday's board meeting, and told members they'd been
approached by Vantage Development about selling a portion of their subdivision.

The Fyffe-based company, according to a project manager with the outfit, is
interested in turning 10 acres of the James' land along Leon Smith Parkway into
a rental townhome development, filling the homes with tenants and collecting
rent.

"This would not be something sold away in a few years or flipped," said Bradley
Carroll, after handing board members glossy pictures of other townhomes his
company built and now manages.

Carroll told the board his company would like to build between 50 and 70 of the
two- or three- bedroom townhomes, renting them for as much as $700.

Both the number of units and the cost of renting them are estimates, he said,
until a thorough study of Oxford's market can be done.

Board members asked about the details of the company's development plans -- how
many stories the townhomes would be (two, except for handicapped accessible
units) or where the entrance would lie (off of Leon Smith Parkway, rather than
other nearby subdivisions). One Oxford resident came to the meeting to question
the plans.

"Are these government subsidized?" asked Karen Bush. "Are they financed by Low
Income Housing Tax Credits?"

Such federal tax credits are available to developers to spur construction of
affordable housing for Americans earning less than 60 percent of the average
income of families in a given area.

Bush said she's worried low income housing could increase crime in the area,
decrease the value of property, or lead to traffic issues.

Carroll said he's had the same conversation with folks before. Vantage on its
website lists two other low-income tax credit, multi-family rental developments,
one in Tuscaloosa, the other in Fort Valley, Ga.

"We're not talking about housing authority or Section 8," Carroll said,
referring to federal money made available to public housing authorities by the
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development to pay housing costs for
extremely low-income families.

The project manager said his company would market the townhomes to younger
families making less than Oxford's  median household income. According to Census
data, that was $50,934 in 2014, although per capita income was only $23,239.

"I live over here," said Robbie Bentley, reached by phone at her Shannon Brook
Lane home on Thursday. "It's kind of scary knowing that low-income housing is
moving in near these nice homes -- I'm worried about home values going down."

While other members approved the Weatherly Ridge rezone, Fred Denney, the city's
project manager, recused himself from voting on the issue Monday night.

Reached by phone Thursday, Denney said he owns an Oxford subdivision where plans
are being made to build similar townhomes, and wanted to avoid any conflict of
interest.

___ (c)2015 The Anniston Star (Anniston, Ala.) Visit The Anniston Star
(Anniston, Ala.) at www.annistonstar.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151204-AO-Leon-Smith-Parkway-townhomes-get-approval-from-zoning-officials-1204
-20151204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AO


                        Copyright 2015 The Anniston Star


                             737 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday

Leasing Agent

LENGTH: 658  words

DATELINE: Arlington


National Defense Industrial Association has issued the following job release:


Job Summary

Company
    Pennrose Management Company
Location
    Trenton, NJ 08618
Industries
    All
Job Type
    Full Time
    Employee
Career Level
    Experienced (Non-Manager)
Job Reference Code
    72312238P295744[#x200b]63A70758386

Leasing Agent
About the Job
"Job Summary
Responsible for providing administrative and leasing support for assigned
property.[#x200b] Establishes inviting atmosphere for prospective residents and
guests, and provides superlative customer service to current residents.[#x200b]
Maintains knowledge of Company's policies and procedures, as well as applicable
housing laws and regulations.[#x200b]


Job Duties
The duties listed below are not meant to be all inclusive, and Pennrose
Management Company reserves the right to add, alter, or delete duties, with or
without notice:

o Provides first-line customer service for prospective and current residents, as
well as property guests.[#x200b] Maintains welcoming environment in Leasing
Office
o Leads tours of property, showing vacant units and marketing property amenities

o Tracks and follows up with all referrals, walk-ins, and phone inquiries
o Develops and maintains reference book detailing property's unique features,
amenities, size, vacancies, rental rates, and current leasing promotions
o Assists with developing and coordinating leasing events and resident
promotional activities
o Prepares leasing checklist and package which includes all required forms,
deposits, schedules, and information
o Processes lease applications
o Completes and maintains lease files for each rental, and ensures all files
contain required documentation outlined in the Resident File Setup
o Collects rental deposits and rent.[#x200b] Delivers deposits to bank.[#x200b]
o Utilizes maintenance software program to enter in and track work orders
o Inspects apartments for move-in/[#x200b]out condition and turnover status
o Prepares and distributes required reports, monthly newsletters, tenant
correspondence, etc.[#x200b]
o Works with management to develop and implement residential programming,
including special events and ongoing instructional and recreational activities
o Assists Property Manager with annual recertification of each resident
o Visits comparable properties and assists Property Manager in preparing
quarterly competitive market analysis
o Remains current on and compliant with policies and laws affecting the
marketing and leasing of the property, including the Company's leasing
agreement, Landlord Tenant code, Fair Housing laws, and other applicable laws
o Orders office supplies and welcome gifts for new residents
o Assists with the development and implementation of resident services
programming
o Maintains regular daily office hours, ensuring adequate coverage on weekends
and holidays
o Maintains strict adherence to invoice approval policy.[#x200b] Position does
not have authority to purchase any goods or services


Requirements
Education/[#x200b]Training
o High School diploma or equivalent

Experience
o 1 year experience in multi-family property management preferred
o Experience in affordable housing preferred

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities
o Knowledge of Company's leasing policies, Landlord-Tenant code, Fair Housing
Laws, and ordinances affecting the marketing and leasing of the property
o Proficiency in Microsoft Windows, including Microsoft Excel and Outlook
o Proficiency in YARDI preferred
o Excellent customer service skills
o Ability to perform in a busy, multi-tasking work environment
o Requires ability to physically inspect property (or properties) and individual
units
o Requires ability to read, speak, and comprehend the English language

Additional Requirements
o Requires the ability to travel (between properties, training, errands,
etc.[#x200b])
o Valid driver's license preferred.[#x200b] This requirement could change
depending on the staffing and needs of the property"

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             738 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily News (Jacksonville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 21, 2010 Saturday

Request for zoning denied for Swansboro apartments

BYLINE: Jannette Pippin, The Daily News, Jacksonville, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 559 words


Aug. 21--SWANSBORO -- A rezoning request to accommodate a proposed 200-unit
apartment complex in Swansboro was denied following a public hearing that
brought out citizens against the high-density development.

Traffic congestion, possible impact on schools and storm-water drainage were
among the concerns as citizens addressed the rezoning request for a portion of
the 16-acre site near the corner of N.C. 24 and Hammocks Beach Road where the
proposed project would be located.

Tom Cariker, a retired Marine colonel who lives off Hammocks Beach Road, said
the location isn't an appropriate one for a high-density project. And in a town
where single-family development is a preference in its land use plan, he feels
the project is "inconsistent" with the vision of the town.

Allowing a 200-unit project now could open the door to further high-density
development down the road, he said.

"I think it's more than just this one project; I think this is the beginning of
what could be the end of this town as we know it," Cariker said during the
public hearing.

Several residents said they don't want to see high-density development change
the character of the town.

"The reason we moved here is the small town living," Mike McCarty said.

The town Board of Commissioners noted the concerns and voted Tuesday to deny the
re-zoning request that would have changed the property from B-1 and R-8 to B-1
and R-6, which are business and high-density residential zoning districts.

Mayor Pro Tem Harry Pugliese, a retired law enforcement officer, said his
greatest concern is public safety and the impact of the development on traffic
in that area.

"I've seen the area grow, I've seen the traffic increase and I'm not convinced
that area won't be extremely congested," he said.

Commissioner Larry Philpott noted the proposed 204 units would significantly
increase the proportion of multi-family housing dwellings within the town.

The 204 units presented was down from the previous 240 units proposed.

While the concerns focused on the high density of the project, project leaders
called the apartment project an opportunity to fill the need for quality,
affordable housing in the area.

"Let's talk about what the project can do for the community," said Charles
Rawls, who represented the property owners. "We have young people, we have
teachers, we have people who are just getting out of college, we have young
military personnel who come into our office wanting affordable housing."

Rawls said the three apartment complexes in town now are subsidized housing, and
there is a shortage of rental housing.

"This is a need and I ask you to fulfill that need," he said before the vote.

The denial of the rezoning request doesn't completely shut the door on the
possibility of an apartment complex at the site.

Plans could be presented under current zoning, which would require a special use
permit and building group review.

To see more of The Daily News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.jacksonvilledailynews.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Daily News,
Jacksonville, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100821-JN-Request-for-zoning-denied-for-Swansboro-apartments-20100821

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JN


                         Copyright 2010 The Daily News


                             739 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              San Gabriel Valley Tribune, West Covina, California

                           September 13, 2004, Monday

Apartments for seniors near completion in Arcadia, Calif.

BYLINE: By Mary Bender

LENGTH: 636 words



ARCADIA, Calif. -- Affordable housing in this affluent suburb is rare, but this
month dozens of low-income senior citizens will move into a newly built
apartment complex where government subsidies will keep rents reasonable.

A Sept. 24 grand opening is tentatively planned for Heritage Park Arcadia, a
54-unit, three- story development at 150 W. Las Tunas Drive. This week, workers
put the final touches on the project hooking up appliances and moving furniture
into the ground-floor clubhouse and patio.

Prospective tenants had to meet stringent income and residency criteria to
qualify, and then have luck on their side since 706 people applied for an
apartment. Heritage Park's owners, USA Multi-Family, drew names in a lottery six
months ago.

"Real estate has really gone sky-high, so that's why I was looking for
affordable housing," said tenant Peter Martin, 65, a retired mechanical
technician for the aerospace industry.

The Bellflower man said senior citizen complexes, particularly those that don't
bust the budget of someone on a fixed income, are hard to come by. And they all
have mammoth waiting lists.

"Some of them were five years long, because nobody leaves unless they die,"
Martin said.

While Heritage Park is geared for "independent living" seniors, features take
the needs of the elderly into account. One of the apartments is reserved for a
live-in manager.

The hallways on each floor are wide, to allow room for those who rely on
wheelchairs and walkers; metal handrails were installed in the shower/baths,
and, in handicapped-accessible units only, next to the toilet; low kitchen
countertops and front-door peepholes, along with large doorways, are the right
size for people in wheelchairs.

At 690 square feet, the one-bedroom, one-bathroom apartments are a bargain
considering the rock-bottom rent: $ 484 per month. The complex includes 45 units
that size.

The other nine apartments measure 980 square feet, with two bedrooms and one
bathroom, and rent for $ 708 per month. Every apartment balcony is covered a nod
to Arcadia's warm summers and a balcony closet provides storage.

Common areas provide places for seniors to congregate, from lounges next to the
second- and third-floor elevators to a craft room and a computer room. Because
apartments don't have washer and dryer hookups, the complex has laundry rooms.

Seniors can play cards or read by a pair of arched windows in the ground-floor
clubhouse, which opens onto a wide cement patio.

Hallways are painted a pale cream color, and decorative wall sconces and door
handles keep the senior complex from looking like a hospital or a nursing home.

Last summer, the day developers broke ground on the gated complex, a 90-year-old
man was hit by a car and fatally injured as he walked across Las Tunas. Now,
with tenant move-ins imminent, city officials have been evaluating the safety of
Las Tunas, a busy four-lane street.

Should the mid-block crosswalk, where an eastbound sedan struck 56-year Arcadia
resident Willard Hagen, be removed City officials think that might encourage
pedestrians to walk to the corner stoplight at El Monte Avenue, said City
Engineer Phil Wray.

To make any change, the city's Traffic Advisory Committee with representatives
from the police, fire and public works departments, the Arcadia Unified School
District and a traffic engineer must hold a public hearing. It's scheduled for
Oct. 7 at City Hall, Wray said.

An $ 8.5 million project, Heritage Park was built with city, county and federal
government funds. The 1 1/2-acre site is bordered by El Monte Avenue, the
Arcadia Wash and Live Oak Avenue.



-----

To see more of the San Gabriel Valley Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.sgvtribune.com.


LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: GB-SENIOR-HOUSING-20040913

JOURNAL-CODE: GB

               Copyright 2004 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
            Copyright 2004 San Gabriel Valley Tribune, West Covina,
                                   California


                             740 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           October 7, 2015 Wednesday

Nama to sell 440 homes and shops;
State agency seeks over EUR 80 millionfor Dublin's biggest apartment sale

BYLINE: Jack Fagan

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 617 words


A mixed-use retail and multi-family apartment development at Tallaght Cross West
in Dublin 24 is to be offered for sale on behalf of Nama at over EUR 80 million.

Selling agents DTZ Sherry FitzGerald believe that the two segments of the scheme
will be producing a rental income of around EUR 6.8 million by the time the sale
is completed. If that figure is reached, new owners will be able to bank on a
net yield of over 6 per cent.

Tallaght Cross West was built by Liam Carroll of Zoe Developments just before
the property crash in 2008 and includes three office blocks, a hotel and 442
apartments with ground floor retail space. Mr Carroll's companies folded with
debts of about EUR  2.8 billion of which EUR  1.1 billion alone was owed to AIB.

It is the largest number of apartments to come on the market in a single
development in Dublin and is expected to be of particular appeal to the various
REIT companies as well as overseas investment groups specialising in the
residential market.

Receiver David Carson of Deloitte and asset manager WK Nowlan have made
considerable progress managing the Tallaght Cross West venture over the past
four years. They have spent a small fortune on behalf of Nama finishing off
various parts of the scheme and fitting out the apartments to enable them to be
let. They have also managed to find a buyer for the vacant 186-bedroom hotel
which will open in the run-up to Christmas.

The management has also had considerable success in managing the three office
blocks which have a combined floor area of 12,077 sq m (130,000 sq ft). Buyers
have been found for two of the three buildings which greatly strengthen the
identity of Tallaght Cross.

The first block known as Rivers is already occupied by the National Emergency
Operations Centre and the National Ambulance Service Education Centre. The HSE
is also fitting out the second block for use as a possible diagnostics centre.

The great variety of medical uses to be based there opens up the prospect of it
ending up as a destination "medical village."

Meanwhile, the third office block is under offer.

Part of the apartment development with 65 homes have also been allocated to
NARPS, a Nama-led method of delivering social housing in areas of greatest need.

The retail element of Tallaght Cross has also begun to kick in with Aldi already
trading and paying a rent of EUR 625,480 per annum. Around 22 further retail
units, currently in shell condition, are also to be made available for letting.

The Deloitte/WK Nowlan partnership is also making rapid progress fitting out and
letting the apartments which are in much demand because of the relatively
affordable rents - EUR 1,000 for one-beds; EUR 1,200 for two-beds and EUR 1,450
for three-beds - at a time when rents in the city centre have shot up in the
past year.

The heavily used Luas service from Tallaght Cross to the city centre has meant
that a great many workers are opting to reside in Tallaght because of the
availability of apartments at reasonable rents. The sale will also include 1,600
car parking spaces within a three-level basement.

Ivan Gain of DTZ Sherry FitzGerald said he was convinced the landmark, high
yielding opportunity would appeal to domestic and international multi-family
specialists who could build on the momentum and success already delivered by the
existing asset management team.

All apartments had just been fitted and furnished to a high standard so quite
uniquely the residential units were in near pristine condition.

The medical/health/leisure uses were becoming ever more evident within the
campus and as occupation of the remaining offices would take place early next
year there would be further commercial opportunities.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             741 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                            November 6, 2012 Tuesday

Controversial New Smyrna Beach apartment project again to be put in front of
officials

BYLINE: Richard Conn, Richard Conn STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 481  words


NEW SMYRNA BEACH -- The meetings are typically confined to small conference
rooms where city planners and developers hash out technical issues related to a
project. The public also does not typically attend the sessions.

But Causeway Landings isn't the typical project.

That was evidenced by the more than 200 people who showed up to a community
meeting in September, many wearing red and some vociferous in their opposition
to the project, slated to include 239 apartment units in five four-story
buildings in the 100 block of the North Causeway.

The project, proposed by Atlantic Housing Partners, is set to include a mix of
affordable, market rate and senior units.

So what's called a pre-application meeting for Causeway Landings has been
scheduled for 4 p.m. Thursday at the comparatively spacious Brannon Center, 105
S. Riverside Drive.

"It is analogous to someone who wants to build a single-family home and comes in
to meet with staff to discuss setbacks, driveways, building, height, etc.,
except that commercial and multi-family projects are larger in scale," City
Planning Manager Gail Henrikson said in an email Tuesday about the meeting.

While residents are invited to attend the meeting, "no public input" will be
accepted, according to a flier distributed by the city.

That wasn't the case in September when residents jam-packed the Brannon Center,
many part of a newly formed group called New Smyrna Beach Citizens for Smart
Growth. Some who spoke out opposed affordable housing being put on the site,
citing worries about crime and declining property values. Others clamored for
the re-emergence of a 200-condominium development once planned for the property
by a Georgia company -- a project that eventually fizzled in the midst of a
slumping real estate market.

One of the apartment buildings planned as part of Causeway Landings was set to
include to commercial retail and office space on the first floor. Atlantic
Housing Partners, however, is no longer planning to expand a building on the
site that was once a Friendly's restaurant into a 5,000-square-foot market.

"They've withdrawn that application," Henrikson said. "I don't know what their
alternate proposal is going to be; We haven't seen any conceptual drawings."

Atlantic Housing Partners has asked for an amendment to a developer's agreement
which caps the number of apartments that can be built on the site at 202. The
agreement expires in 2015.

"We are proposing a rental community and I'm not trying to hide that fact or not
moving away from that," Scott Culp, one of the principals of Atlantic Housing
Partners told the crowd at the September meeting. "We're proposing to develop
something that is consistent with the land use approvals."

Culp could not be reached Tuesday.

Notices about Thursday's meeting were distributed to residents who provided
their contact information at the September meeting, Henrikson said.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2012 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2012 News-Journal Corporation


                             742 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            March 21, 2012 Wednesday

Trinity Financial explains its proposals

BYLINE: By Mary E. Arata, marata@nashobapub.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1774 words


MediaNews Group publications asked Trinity Financial, the proposed developer of
Vicksburg Square, to answer several questions about the project at length. Here
are their unedited answers.



Vicksburg Square is being described as 'workforce' or 'affordable' housing, and
not 'publicly subsidized housing.' How will housing and historical tax credits
work and how much will be sought in each category?

One of the most significant things for people to understand when considering the
proposal for the redevelopment of Vicksburg Square is that the majority of the
affordable" rents are almost identical to the market rate rents.



The majority (90%) of the affordable rents will be as follows:

Affordable 1BR $1026

Affordable 2BR $1208

Affordable 3BR $1350



The market rate rents are estimated to be as follows:

Market Rate 1BR $1100

Market Rate 2BR $1300

Market Rate 3BR $1700



This would not be the case in a place such as Boston or New York, where market
rate rents can be as high as $2500 to $8000 per month, but in the Devens area
the affordable rents are extremely close to the market rate rents. That is why
the perceived concern over the high proportion of  affordable" units is so
perplexing.

TAX CREDITS:
The project will likely seek both state and federal historic tax credits and
housing tax credits. An Institutional investor(s) will purchase the tax credits
and provide equity, which will be used towards the rehabilitation of the
buildings.



The Federal Historic Tax Credit : A 20% income tax credit is available for the
rehabilitation of historic, income-producing buildings that are determined by
the Secretary of the Interior, through the National Park Service, to be
'certified historic structures.' The State Historic Preservation Offices and the
National Park Service review the rehabilitation work to ensure that it complies
with theSecretary's Standards for Rehabilitation . The Internal Revenue Service
defines qualified rehabilitation expenses on which the credit may be taken.
Owner-occupied residential properties do not qualify for the federal
rehabilitation tax credit. Source: www.NPS.gov



The Massachusetts Historic Rehabilitation TaxCredits are awarded through a
competitive process with the Massachusetts Historical Commission. Under the
program a certified rehabilitation project on an income-producing property is
eligible to receive up to 20% of the cost of certified rehabilitation
expenditures in state tax credits. There is an annual cap, so there are
selection criteria that ensure the funds are distributed to the projects that
provide the most public benefit. The MHC certifies the projects and allocates
available credits. Source: www.sec.state.ma.us

Federal Housing Tax Credit: The LIHTC was created by the Tax Reform Act of 1986
as Section 42 of the Internal Revenue Code. The act eliminated a variety of tax
provisions that had favored rental housing and replaced them with a program of
credits to be issued for the production of rental housing targeted to lower
income households. Under the LIHTC program, 58 State and local agencies are
authorized (subject to an annual per capita limit) to issue Federal tax credits
for the acquisition, rehabilitation, or construction of affordable rental
housing. The credits can be used by property owners to reduce Federal income
taxes and generally are taken by outside investors who contributed initial
development funds for a project. To qualify for credits a project must have a
specific proportion of its units set aside for lower income households. The
amount of the credit that can be provided for a project is a function of
development cost (excluding land), the proportion of units that is set aside,
and the credit rate (which varies based on development method and whether other
Federal subsidies are used). Credits are provided for a period of 10 years.
Source: www.huduser.org

The Massachusetts State Low Income Housing Tax Credit program is a competitive
program through DHCD.

For a building such as Revere Hall, for example, we will secure tax credits to
sell to an investor and use the equity for the rehabilitation of the building.

Total Estimated Development Costs: $20.4 million

Estimated Federal and State Historic Tax Credit Equity: $4.4 million

Estimated Federal and State Housing Tax Credit Equity: $13 million

Estimated Permanent Loan: $3 million


What is your projected timeline for obtaining funding?

Assuming that the Super Town Meeting approves the zoning changes on March 28, we
hope to have all funding secured and break ground on the first phase of the
project by the end of 2013.

How much will that funding be, and from which sources?

This is an $83 million development. The vast majority of the funding will come
from institutional investors through the sale of federal and state historic and
housing tax credits.

Has DHCD denied funding to Trinity in the past? If so, why?
Trinity has maintained a successful record of securing tax credits from DHCD.
The process for securing tax credits from DHCD is certainly competitive.
However, we are confident that our plan fits with the state's housing priorities
and will be well-received.



Trinity has set income guidelines for 'workforce' housing. If a jobless
applicant presents valid housing vouchers or certificates, could they be legally
turned away?

We would need to comply with the law. However all people in the building will
need to pass CORI, credit checks, sex offender checks, criminal checks and have
their references checked.

Trinity said at one point that residents wouldn't have cars and could walk/bike
share. Now Trinity says residents will have enough disposable income to have
cars. Which is correct?
Trinity never stated residents wouldn't have cars. That was a misconception
advanced by opponents of this proposal. In fact, we fully believe that the vast
majority of residents WILL have cars, given the location of the property.
Trinity initially suggested that residents who DID NOT have cars could walk/bike
share/carpool. Subsequently, Trinity has also offered to contribute funds
towards a transportation service.



Has Trinity developed other projects in rural or urban settings, without public
transportation, cab companies, car rental agencies, walk-able grocery stores or
other types of services/businesses? How are those residents accommodated?
We have developed properties throughout Massachusetts. Given the location of the
development, we fully expect the vast majority of residents to have their own
vehicle transportation. In addition, the Devens common area abutting Vicksburg
Square has several small convenience businesses and there is an existing shuttle
service related to the hotels on Devens. We are also willing to contribute to a
transportation service should there be need.


The draft zoning proposal calls for retail use in Vicksburg Square. Is that new
or a holdover from the prior Vicksburg Square Innovation and Technology zoning?
The zoning proposal calls for 'small scale retail: accessory use.' This is a
holdover from the existing zoning. We did not alter the existing allowed uses
other than adding  multi-family dwellings (7 or more units)" and ' elderly
housing'.



Trinity has stated there can be no retail use of the buildings without
renovations barred by the Department of the Interior and National Park Service?
Why was retail use language included in approved uses?

We explored retail and commercial use for Vicksburg Square. However, the various
buildings located at Vicksburg Square were not designed for that type of use,
they are not adequately equipped for retail loading needs, and the cost of
renovations for this purpose greatly exceed any possible revenue. The retail
language was a holdover from the existing zoning.


Harvard Selectman Marie Sobalvarro has asked why Trinity has offered no specific
assurances on several issues, such as: numbers of senior and veterans units;
when Trinity will purchase the land; when work will commence/be completed;
whether there is a time frame after which Trinity will lose the rezoning. Why
won't Trinity won't include such specific assurances within its Town Meeting
article?
These issues are specific to Trinity, and therefore are not appropriate to
inclusion in the zoning. However, a number of these issues are addressed the
Memorandum of Agreement (MOA) that accompanies the zoning changes, including the
veterans preference and specific language that at least 75 units shall be
reserved for seniors.



What MassDevelopment and Trinity assistance is being provided to relocate the
Fort Devens Museum to the vacant Baatan-Corrigidor Theater on the Vicksburg
Square campus? How much will that cost? Who is financing the project and in what
amounts? Will Trinity perform that renovation and retrofit? What is the time
frame?

As a community benefit for this redevelopment, Trinity Financial will relocate
the Fort Devens Museum from its current home in nondescript office space to a
new location in the former theatre at Vicksburg Square. Trinity will secure
financing for and complete the entire renovation and relocation project.

President James Keefe, Project Manager Abby Goldenfarb and Assistant Project
Manager Dan Drazen have each indicated that, should this vote fail, Trinity will
abandon its Vicksburg Square proposal. Is there any circumstance under which
Trinity retains its interests in the Devens Enterprise Zone should their plan be
rejected at the Super Town Meeting on March 28?
 No. If Trinity's proposal is rejected at the Super Town Meeting, that will be
the end of the company's involvement at Vicksburg Square.


How has this project compared to your projects in other communities in terms of
tri-town process. Did you foresee this degree of difficulty with gaining
approval?

Securing approval through the Super Town Meeting process is unlike anything else
in the Commonwealth. We knew going in that this would be a challenging process,
and our goal throughout has been to provide as much information as possible,
educate the public on every aspect of this proposal, and answer as many
questions as we can. Over the past 18 months, we have had six public hearings
far more than required by Chapter 498   met with numerous public boards and
community groups, held several vision sessions, hosted tours of our other
properties, provided extensive information to community groups, launched a
website with incredible amounts of information on the project, opened an office
in Ayer, and offered to meet individually with any resident who has questions
about our plan. We have done everything we can to educate the public, and with
the community's support we hope that effort will be successful on March 28.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             743 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2014 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                            WMI - Business Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                               February 20, 2014

                             GWL Construction, LLC

                             153 rue de Courcelles
                                Paris,  TX 75017
                                     France

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

COMPANY OVERVIEW


   GWL Construction, LLC (GWL) is a general construction organization. The
company develops housing construction such as renovations, new construction and
adaptive recycle. Its services include in condominium and rental markets. GWL's
services include new exterior siding, mechanical, plumbing, new interior
finishes and unit re-configuration among others. The company also undertakes
pre-construction and construction services. Its services in construction and
real estate include administration, standard contracting services, insurance
claim support, abatement and destruction. GWL's present projects include Flipper
Temple Apartments, McDaniel Glenn Redevelopment, Mechanicsville Phase 4 and
Mechanicsville Phase 3. The company finished projects are Heritage Gardens
Apartments, Cedarwood Apartments, Emerald Court Apartments, Ellsworth Warehouse,
Madison Hills Apartments, Columbia Seniors and Juniper among others. It has
operations in Georgia and Louisiana, the US. GWL is headquartered in Atlanta,
Georgia, the US.


BUSINESS DESCRIPTION:



GWL Construction, LLC (GWL) is a construction management service provider. The
company offers general contracting and construction management services for
multi-family residential apartments and houses. It also carries out renovation
and adaptive works for condominiums and rental markets.

The general contracting division of the company undertakes new construction,
renovations, and adaptive reuse of buildings, condominiums and apartments. Its
renovation service includes mechanical, plumbing, new exterior siding, unit
re-configuration, new electrical and windows, and new interior finishes. GWL
provides pre-construction services and construction services. The
pre-construction services of the company consist of estimation, project planning
and scheduling, value engineering, site evaluation, site development, utility
availability studies, budget management, design management, code reviews and
constructability reviews. It offers construction service such as bidding,
estimating, scheduling, permitting, project coordination, insurance,
sub-contracting, material procurement, job cost accounting, project
documentation, and inspections and occupancy.

It provides construction management for controlling cost, quality and time. GWL
offers construction management services, which comprises project scope
development, land acquisition, permitting, financing, cash flow planning and
management, design acquisition and management, cost estimating, critical path
scheduling, cost and scheduling control and management, document control and
management, value engineering, quality control, risk management and reduction,
contract administration, project close out, user and disposition transitions,
and dispute avoidance, documentation and resolution. The company caters its
construction management services to real estate developers, insurance companies,
financial institutions, legal firms, owners and government agencies.

GWL has formed GWL Construction-Louisiana LLC to offer construction assistance
to Louisiana that was hit by hurricane-Katrina. GWL Construction-Louisiana LLC
provides real estate and construction services such as general contracting
services, construction management services, insurance claim assistance,
demolition and abatement, commercial and residential roofing, and renovation and
restoration.

The company has completed construction of 20 projects, which include senior
housing, apartments, warehouses, mixed use and condominiums. Its completed
projects consist of Cedarwood Apartments, Columbia Seniors, Ellsworth Warehouse,
Emerald Court Apartments, Heritage Gardens Apartments, Juniper, Madison Hills
Apartments, Mechanicsville Apartments, Melrose Park, Mullers Mix Use Project,
Overby Park, Paces Green Condominiums - Ph. I, Paces Green Condominiums - Ph.
II, Park View, Ponceana, St. Charles, Studioplex Lofts, Thomson Senior
Residences, 1184 Piedmont and 1198 Piedmont project. It also conducts projects
such as McDaniel Glenn Redevelopment, Flipper Template Apartments, Friendly
Place, Magnolia Terrace, Mechanicsville Phase 3 and Mechanicsville Phase 4.
Geographically, it operates in Georgia and Louisiana, the US.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *









LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014


                             744 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                     Apartment Association of Orange County

            Apartment Association Of Orange County 525 Cabrillo Park
                                Drive, Suite 125
                              Santa Ana,  CA 92701
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (714) 245-9500
FAX: (714) 245-9505
URL: www.aaoc.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 35

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Rental property owners, managers and suppliers are proud to be members of the
Apartment Association of Orange County (AAOC), one of the most influential and
trend setting apartment associations in the western United States that has
actively represented the interests of the multi family housing industry since
1961. For over 40 years, AAOC has dedicated itself to providing its members with
valuable education programs, superior legislative advocacy in both Orange County
and Sacramento, a nationally recognized and award winning monthly magazine,
networking opportunities with industry colleagues and a leadership team and
office staff who are hard working, knowledgeable and committed to excellence.
Membership in AAOC opens doors of opportunity as you seek to broaden your
knowledge of the industry and maximize your potential as an industry
professional. You will receive professional guidance and assistance that will
help you achieve your professional goals. You can own or manage a single unit or
thousands of units -- AAOC offers something for everybody!  California''s
rental-housing industry is in a constant state of change and AAOC always looks
to the future when developing new education programs, setting its legislative
agenda and diversifying its membership benefits. Now is the time to get involved
and begin enjoying the benefits of AAOC membership today.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             745 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright 2017 LexisNexis, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.,
                              All Rights Reserved
                     LexisNexis® Corporate Affiliations[TM]

                                 March 27, 2017

                     Southeast Texas Housing Finance Corp.

                           11111 S Sam Huston Pkwy E
                               Houston,  TX 77089

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (281) 484-4663
URL: www.sethfc.com

FACEBOOK: www.facebook.com/pages/Southeast-Texas-Housing
-Finance-Corporation/147925148613920
TWITTER: www.twitter.com/SETHFC

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
DCA NUMBER: 761568

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
FOUNDED: 1981
PLACE OF INCORPORATION: Texas
LEGAL STATUS: PRIVATE
EMPLOYEES:
NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES:  10

IMPORT:  NO
EXPORT:  NO

DOING BUSINESS AS:  d/b/a Southeast Texas Housing Fin;Seth;Southeast Texas Hfc

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

OFFICER             TITLE TYPE          ROLE(S)             EMAIL/SOCIAL MEDIA
Jim Cowart, CFO     Executive           Chief Financial     EMAIL:
                                        Officer             j.cowart@sethfc.com

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Southeast Texas Housing Finance Corp. (d/b/a Southeast Texas Finance, Corp.) is
based in Houston, TX. It offers multi-family rentals and development services.
The company offers closing cost assistance services to homebuyers. It serves
customers in the Brazos, Burleson, Grimes, and Leon counties.

INDUSTRY TYPE: Real Estate Credit

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
522292 - Real Estate Credit
SIC CODES:
6159 - Miscellaneous Business Credit Institutions

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR END: 12/31

SALES:  USD 1,000,000 - USD 9,999,999

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2017


                             746 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                           October 26, 2006 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Modest-rent housing recipe offered: Governments, developers can play a part,
expert says

BYLINE: Derrick Penner, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: BUSINESSBC; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 839  words


Vancouver's property developers could provide modest, $500-a-month apartments to
help ease the city's housing-affordability crisis, the Urban Development
Institute (UDI) contends.

Governments, however, would have to cut the costs they extract from the building
process to achieve that goal. Development cost charges and requirements for
amenities such as parking need to be dropped for low-cost housing, UDI executive
director Maureen Enser said.

The issues of homelessness and affordable housing have come to the fore this
week at the year's Union of B.C. Municipalities convention in Victoria.
Activists have occupied abandoned buildings to protest what they see as a lack
of action in providing affordable housing.

Enser offered the development community's perspective on how governments could
make modest-rent housing an attractive enough investment opportunity for
developers to get involved.

Enser said land and construction are the biggest costs in building new housing.

So, to get modest-rent housing, land-owning governments, both at the municipal
and provincial level, could lease land to developers at nominal rates with
covenants that ensure rents would remain low.

Municipalities could also waive development cost charges, the fees builders pay
to hook up to municipal services, Enser added. And cities such as Vancouver
could reduce their requirements for parking.

Enser added that the federal government could also add incentives. The Canada
Mortgage and Housing Corp., for instance, could insure loans for modest-rent
projects, which would reduce developers' financing costs.

And federal politicians could consider reintroducing tax incentives, such as
allowing developers to write off financing costs and allowing them to roll
capital gains over into new investment in rental housing, which spurred previous
rounds of rental construction.

Currently, Vancouver requires that new multi-family developments contribute to
the supply of social housing, either within their projects or contributions to
the city's social housing fund.

"The bottom line is that [the current system] hasn't produced a lot of new [
housing units]," Enser said. "So we need a much broader approach than just one
solution."

Cameron Gray, director of the City of Vancouver's housing centre, which is
charged with implementing the city's affordable housing initiatives, said
Vancouver has turned over land in similar circumstances before.

He added that doing so in today's environment is "not an inexpensive option" for
city council to consider.

Gray said Vancouver does provide land for subsidized, non-market housing at
cut-rate and sometimes nominal lease rates, and does not levy development cost
charges on such social housing projects.

Greater Vancouver Regional District levies, however, do apply to social housing
developments.

The city has also used zoning as an incentive for developers to add social
housing to their developments. Adding density to sites is one example.

Gray is also skeptical that reducing development charges would reduce housing
prices.

"In reality, prices are driven by demand," Gray said.

Vancouver Mayor Sam Sullivan said council is considering many different options
for affordable housing.

Sullivan added that city staff is working with developers on getting up to 10
per cent so-called modest-market housing in the Olympic athletes village project
on southeast False Creek.

"We're very motivated to provide more affordable housing, so we're certainly
interested in looking at [Enser's] proposals," Sullivan said. "We want to ensure
that we have adequate housing for people of all incomes."

Rich Coleman, B.C. Minister of Forests and Range, and minister responsible for
housing, said the province is looking for solid cooperation between governments
and the private sector in the initiatives the province supports.

The province has recognized the need for more affordable housing with its
recently announced new housing strategy.

"We're looking for ways to be innovative with [local governments and the private
sector]," Coleman said.

depenner@png.canwest.com

- - -

THE $500-PER-MONTH APARTMENT

Property developers could build rental housing in Vancouver that lets for $500 a
month if they had government help in reducing costs. An Urban Development
Institute estimate of current costs shows what makes such housing prohibitive,
and offers suggestions to reduce expenses:

objective: A 320-square-foot suite renting for $500 per month, providing a
long-term return of six to seven per cent to the developer. To build it, a
developer couldn't spend more than $150 per square foot.

Current costs

$380 per square foot, which would rent for $900 per month based on:

- Land: $100-$140 per square foot

- Construction: $210-$240 per square foot

- Soft costs: $65-$70 per square foot (Including development cost charges)

Cost cuts required to meet objective

- Land: $100 per square foot

- Construction: $110 per square foot (by eliminating parking requirements)

- Soft costs: $25 per square foot (by eliminating development charges)

New total: $145 per square foot

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Ian Smith, Vancouver Sun; Squatters supported by the Anti-Poverty
Committee (above) occupied a building at 5 West Hastings in Vancouver from
Sunday to Tuesday. Affordable housing advocates in Vancouver and Victoria have
focused attention on the issue this week during the Union of B.C. Municipalities
meeting in Victoria.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             747 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       July 28, 2003 Monday FINAL EDITION

Metro cities aim to boost housing near light rail

BYLINE: Ann Schrader , Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-01

LENGTH: 602 words


More than 1,000 people linger on Lakewood's waiting list for  low-income
housing.


They are among the estimated 170,000 metro area households that,  because of
layoffs or lower-paying jobs, shell out more than  one-third of their income to
put a roof over their heads.


'People are just going further away from the city and their jobs  so they can
find housing they can afford,' said Peter Kenney,  principal of the regional
neighborhood action group of the Metro  Mayors Caucus.


So a regional plan has been hatched through the caucus to help  developers
finance affordable rental housing developments near  light-rail stations. The
program will use the tax-exempt status of  cities to allow developers to borrow
at lower costs.


A large percentage of the units would be set aside for people  making 50 percent
to 80 percent of the Denver area's median  household income of about $ 70,000.


Four cities - Arvada, Denver, Lakewood and Littleton - are jumping  in to create
an association to review proposed transit-oriented  multi-family projects.


The Colorado Housing and Finance Authority would administer the  program.


While light-rail lines may not snake through some parts of the  Denver area for
several years yet, several cities are looking  ahead.


'There is a need for affordable housing, not only in Arvada but  throughout the
metro area,' said Mike Elms, community development  director for Arvada.


Elms said if the FasTracks sales tax proposal is approved, Arvada  will have
light-rail stations at Sheridan Boulevard, Olde Town  Arvada, Ridge Road and
Ward Road.


Arvada has talked to a couple of developers about the tax-exempt  bond program,
which will help them lower borrowing costs. Elms said  there seems to be
interest.


Under the FasTracks proposal, Lakewood also would have a half-dozen  stops,
including the Denver Federal Center, with a separate  light-rail line.


Bill Lundsford, Lakewood's housing development manager, said the  city bought a
17-unit rental property at Wadsworth Boulevard and  West 13th Avenue, which
would be two blocks from a station.


'We're not done rehabbing it (for sale) and there is a tremendous  amount of
interest,' Lundsford said. 'This type of program would  give lower-income people
a shot at getting some good quality  housing.'


Recently, city councils in Arvada, Lakewood and Littleton signed an
intergovernmental agreement for the program and each kicked in  federal bond
allocation money.


The change in administrations in Denver has slowed its  participation.


Applications could be taken in a few months, Kennedy said, and the  first units
could be built in the next year and a half to four  years.


Lundsford noted that an apartment complex built near Englewood's  city center
station has been popular.


While those have been snatched up by higher-income people,  Lundsford said,
'let's give to the folks who work in our retail  stores and service our cars.'


Kenney said statistics show that if a family lives within walking  distance of a
transit line and uses transit, its transit costs are  reduced and it can afford
a higher mortgage.


The same is true for renters. 'There is a growing service  industry. There are
lots of people who are interested in  entry-level jobs with transportation
constraints,' Kennedy said.


"If we're not going to put housing where the jobs are, we have to  locate the
workforce near transportation sites," Kennedy said.  "It's easier for them, and
it's easier for employers."

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The Denver Post/Will Singleton The housing complex next to the
Englewood light-rail station has proved popular. Four metro-area cities are
crafting financing that would encourage similar development.

                        Copyright 2003 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             748 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           October 24, 2009 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

A BETTER WAY TO FIGHT CRIME

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 471 words


Residents who live in and around Coleman Park in West Palm Beach, Old Dixie
Highway in Riviera Beach and Lake Ida Road in Delray Beach might scoff at the
notion that Wellington has high-crime areas.

These troubled neighborhoods have been plagued for years by violent crimes --
rape and murder -- along with burglaries and vandalism. Wellington, on the other
hand, only recently has suffered from an uptick in criminal activity. In
addition, the "high-crime" neighborhoods as labeled by village officials -- 12th
Fairway, White Pine Drive, Folkestone Circle and Goldenrod Road -- are
relatively quiet communities that lack the considerable blight common in these
more urban neighborhoods.

Even Palm Beach County Sheriff's Capt. Greg Richter, commander of Wellington's
District 8, prefers to call them "areas of concern." He does believe, however,
that the approach taken by village officials to address the problems in these
neighborhoods is the right one: "I'm all for it."

Under the Safe Neighborhood Initiative, the village has set up an office on
Wellington Trace -- an "area of concern" -- where community policing and code
enforcement officers work alongside community advocates to make the
neighborhoods cleaner and safer. The $1 million effort already is showing signs
of success and could serve as a model for other communities not just in this
area but throughout Florida.

Program staff members assist residents and landlords in the mostly multi-family
and rental neighborhoods with cleaning up their properties. Volunteers have
helped to paint homes, which helps to raise property values. Property owners and
potential owners have come to code enforcement to work out plans to bring their
units to code. Community advocates sponsor home preservation forums to help
residents avoid foreclosure.

The advocates and sheriff's deputies host movie nights, basketball and step
teams to engage area youths. The step team has grown from 11 girls to dozens,
illustrating the interest in and importance of such social programs. "If we have
something for youth to do," said community advocate Meredith Tuckwood, "they're
less apt to get into trouble." Village officials are working to help the Boys &
Girls Clubs construct its new building next to the Safe Neighborhood office.

Capt. Richter's staff is cracking down on drug dealing and federal Section 8
housing fraud in the neighborhoods. Though there is no open-air drug market in
the village, dealers work out of their homes. The dealers, he said, attract
other criminals. So do renters getting housing subsidies for which they are not
eligible. "There are people," he said, "who take advantage of these programs and
use it to advance their criminality." Wellington's Safe Neighborhood program
goes beyond law enforcement. It prevents a budding problem from turning into a
bigger one.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             749 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           November 13, 2012 Tuesday
                              Correction Appended

Urban League spot is filled;
Former Fifth Street home hub of activity.Opportunity center offers resources for
minority community.;
NEW DETAILS

BYLINE: By Kelli Wynn

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 499 words


The building that formerly housed the old Dayton Urban League west of downtown
now includes several organizations that address issues concerning minorities.

Miami Valley Housing Opportunities hosted an open house last week for the new
Opportunity Center, which opened at 907 W. Fifth Street in August. The MVHO, a
nonprofit organization that focuses on the housing needs of vulnerable people,
purchased the four-story building from the Dayton Urban League in July for
$305,000, according to the Montgomery County Auditor's office.

"We see this building as a resource for the community where we can provide
people with all different types of opportunities," said Debbie Watts Robinson,
CEO of MVHO.

The Urban League maintains a presence at the Opportunity Center with the new
Miami Valley Urban League also being a tenant.

"We are going to be working with a community advisory board to look at what we
should do and how we should be in this market," said Rea Waldon, chief operating
officer of the Urban League of Greater Cincinnati and interim Miami Valley
league director.

There are four other tenants in the center, which is nearing capacity, Robinson
said.

The main tenant is MVHO, which moved from its old location at the VA Medical
Center on West Third Street.

MVHO helps to provide housing for approximately 1,000 people - mostly homeless -
every month. Half of those people are housed in MVHO's 45 multi-family buildings
located throughout the region. The other half are in residences owned by private
landlords.

"We administer the financial assistance to maintain their housing," Robinson
said.

For Parity Inc. officials, the opportunity to move back into the West Fifth
Street address was like returning home, according to Richard Wright, Parity's
executive director.

The nonprofit, which focuses on issues critical to minority organizations, was
housed in the building but left after the Day-ton Urban League shut its doors in
December 2010.

The agency, which has a mentoring program partnership with Dayton Public
Schools, moved its headquarters from The Job Center on Ed-win C. Moses Boulevard
to the Opportunity Center on Nov. 1.

"We basically try to solve any problem they have, as far as getting ready for
business, getting in the business and staying in business."

The building includes meeting rooms that can be rented to the public for evening
and weekend events, Robinson said.

Wright said one of Parity's goals "is to work collaboratively with other
organizations that are addressing issues within the black community."

The City of Dayton's Minority Business Assistance Centers and the city's
Procurement Technical Assistance Center are also in the building.

"The Minority Business Assistance Centers are set up to provide assistance to
business of all sorts. We provide them information about contracting
opportunities, financing opportunities and we give them an awareness of
procurement activities across the board," said David Lyttle, business assistance
center's construction specialist.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: November 14, 2012



CORRECTION: In Tuesday's edition, page B2, a glance box about the current
tenants in the Opportunity Center should have identified the last tenant as
DPRAArchitects.The contact information for David A. Pigford is 937-350-1271 and
dpigford@dpragroup.com.The DPRA contact information should have included Irving
S. Moses Jr., president of Gem City-Hilltop Community Development and Housing
Inc.; 937-490-9461 and ismoses@gemcityhilltop.org

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             750 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 22, 2016 Thursday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Michigan)
Issues Solicitation for "USDA RD MI-MFH MANAGER SERVICES"

LENGTH: 238  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Rural Development officer has issued
requirement for "USDA RD MI-MFH MANAGER SERVICES"

Solicitation No: AG-5441-K-16-0019

Notice Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
Posted Date: September 21, 2016

Description: *** AMENDMENT 05 EXTENDS THE REPLY DATE TO NOV 30, 2016, 4 P.M. ET
DUE TO LIMITED RESPONSES. PLEASE REFER TO DOCUMENTS ATTACHED TO AMENDMENT 5
ONLY.


This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial services prepared in
accordance with the format prescribed in Federal Acquisition Regulation Subparts
12, 15 and 37, supplemented with additional information in this notice. THIS
ANNOUNCEMENT CONSTITUTES THE ONLY SOLICITATION; PPROPOSALS ARE BEING REQUESTED.
USDA Rural Development (RD) in Michigan requires management services for
Multi-Family Housing (MFH) properties per HB-2-3560 (MFH Asset Management
Handbook). Properties are expected to come into inventory during Fiscal Years
2016-2018. The typical MFH project is located in a rural area (less than 35,000
residents); has an average of 24-units in 2 buildings; rental assistance to some
tenants; average occupancy is 75%; projects are in good state of repair.

Set Aside: Total Small Business x

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 531

Contact Details: 3001 Coolidge Road Sutie 200 East Lansing, Michigan 48823

Point of Contact(s): Karen D. Cooper, Contract Program Manager
karend.cooper@mi.usda.gov Phone: 517-324-5203


LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             751 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Michigan)
Issues Solicitation for "USDA RD MI-MFH MANAGER SERVICES"

LENGTH: 256  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Rural Development officer has issued
requirement for "USDA RD MI-MFH MANAGER SERVICES"

Solicitation No: AG-5441-K-16-0019

Notice Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
Posted Date: September 21, 2016

Description: Added: Jun 08, 2016 12:09 pm Modified: Sep 21, 2016 9:46 amTrack
Changes
Solicitation Number: AG-5441-S-16-0019
*** AMENDMENT 05 EXTENDS THE REPLY DATE TO NOV 30, 2016, 4 P.M. ET DUE TO
LIMITED RESPONSES. PLEASE REFER TO DOCUMENTS ATTACHED TO AMENDMENT 5 ONLY.


This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial services prepared in
accordance with the format prescribed in Federal Acquisition Regulation Subparts
12, 15 and 37, supplemented with additional information in this notice. THIS
ANNOUNCEMENT CONSTITUTES THE ONLY SOLICITATION; PPROPOSALS ARE BEING REQUESTED.
USDA Rural Development (RD) in Michigan requires management services for
Multi-Family Housing (MFH) properties per HB-2-3560 (MFH Asset Management
Handbook). Properties are expected to come into inventory during Fiscal Years
2016-2018. The typical MFH project is located in a rural area (less than 35,000
residents); has an average of 24-units in 2 buildings; rental assistance to some
tenants; average occupancy is 75%; projects are in good state of repair.

Set Aside: Total Small Business

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 531

Contact Details: 3001 Coolidge Road Sutie 200 East Lansing, Michigan 48823

Point of Contact(s): Karen D. Cooper, Contract Program Manager
karend.cooper@mi.usda.gov Phone: 517-324-5203


LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             752 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 1, 2014 Monday

Senior IT Business Analyst

LENGTH: 1058  words

DATELINE: Arlington


National Defense Industrial Association has issued the following job release:


Job Summary

Company
    NYS Housing Finance Agency
Location
    New York City, NY 10022
Job Type
    Full Time
    Employee
Years of Experience
    5+ to 7 Years
Education Level
    Bachelor's Degree
Career Level
    Manager (Manager/Supervisor of Staff)
Salary
    68,100.00 - 111,800.00 $ /year

Senior IT Business Analyst
About the Job

New York State Homes and Community Renewal (HCR) fosters the creation and
preservation of high quality affordable housing for New Yorkers, while working
strategically to revitalize neighborhoods and communities throughout the Empire
State. Working under the leadership of Governor Andrew M. Cuomo and Commissioner
Darryl C. Towns, HCR is a vibrant, innovative agency that integrates and
leverages New York State's housing and housing finance resources.    We have
offices in New York City, Albany, Buffalo and Syracuse, and employ a diverse
workforce of professionals who are hard-working and committed to serving low and
moderate income families.   Our mission is far reaching, encompassing single and
multi-family housing finance, home improvement, rent control, housing subsidies,
and community development.   We partner regularly with a variety of public and
private stakeholders.

Achieving this mission requires a wide range of skills and backgrounds in public
policy, administration, real estate, architecture, finance, law and many other
areas of expertise. We seek to provide a workplace environment that is
productive, flexible, accountable, ethical and caring. Our employees are
empowered to make a difference where they live and work.  We offer competitive
pay and a comprehensive benefits package, including paid leave, health, dental,
vision, retirement and family-friendly policies.

The Office of Professional Services (OPS) is responsible for all administrative
and support services, including

Human Resources, Communications and Public Information, Legal Affairs, Fair
Housing, Policy Development, Competitive Procurement and Contract Management,
Fiscal Planning, Accounting and Treasury Services, Facilities and Building
Management Services, Internal Audit, Project Management and Information
Technology Services. OPS values professionals that enjoy working in a fast-paced
environment and who have the skills required to effectively plan, direct, and
coordinate HCR's wide array of support services.

Job Summary

NewYorkStateHomes andCommunityRenewal isseekingaSeniorBusinessAnalyst
(SBA)whoisknowledgeable intheareasof processdesignandsystemsanalysis.TheSBA
willworkcloselywithprojectmanagers,ITstaff, programstaff andotherstakeholders
todefineanddeveloprequirementsfor newbusinessprocessesand existing
informationtechnologysystems. TheSBA willapplyarange ofspecialized skills
andtools tocompletethe

followingspecificdutiesandresponsibilities:

·    Conductresearchandelicitbusinessrequirementsfromkeystakeholders
byusinginterviews,document analysis,requirementsworkshops, storyboards, surveys,
sitevisits,businessprocessdescriptions,use cases,scenarios,event lists,
businessanalysis, competitiveproductanalysis,taskandworkflowanalysis,
and/orviewpoints.

·     Analyzebusinessanduser needs, document
requirements,andreviseexistingsystemlogicas necessary
underdirectionofProjectManagers.

·    Representrequirementsusingalternativeviews,suchas
analysismodels(diagrams),prototypes,usecase analysisor scenarios,
whereappropriate.

·    Developormodifyprocedurestosolvecomplexproblemswithininformationsystems.

·    WorkwithProjectManager to monitor
anddocumentpost-implementationproblemsandrevision requeststoensureitmeetsenduser
needs.

·    Createandrevise flowcharts,processmodels,andtechnical specifications.

·    Assistwith thebusinessplanningandwritingbusinesscases.

·    Research and
evaluatepackagedsoftwareandonlineservicestodeterminetheirappropriatenessfor

Agencyuse.

TheSBAwillusetheirextensiveknowledgeof
theSoftwareDevelopmentLifeCycle(SDLC)andbusinessanalysis
bestpracticestofacilitaterequirementssessions
andcommunicateclearlyandeffectivelywithend-users, applications developers,
senior businessmanagers andotherteam members. TheSBA willbeaccountable for
providingcoordinationtoensurethe appropriatecollectionof
data;documentationofinformation;and presentationof findings. TheSBA will
providedocumentationandflow-chartsoftheorganization'swork flow,as well
asad-hocquerysupportandreportcreation.

TheSBAmusthavestrongtechnical knowledgeandunderstandingof ITsystems
andapplications aswellasthe
abilitytoplanandtrackbusinessanalysesactivitiesaspart
ofaproject.TheSBAalsomusthavegoodlistening skillsand
interviewingskillstotalkwith individualsandgroups abouttheirneedsandask
therightquestions to
surfaceessentialrequirementsinformation.Theidealcandidatewillalsopossessgoodwrit
ingskills toensure effectivecommunicateof informationtocustomers,
marketing,managers,andtechnical staff.

QUALIFICATIONS:

·    Bachelor's degree;MBAorrelevanttechnical degreepreferred.

·
Astrongbackgroundinanalysisandcriticallyevaluatinginformationgatheredfrommultipl
esources; experiencedecomposing
high-levelinformationintodetails,distinguishinguserrequestsfromthe
underlyingtrueneeds, anddevelopingsolutionideas fromrequirements.

·    Provenexperiencesuccessfullyworkingin
ateamsettingandabilitytoreconcileconflicts.

·    Minimum seven 7-10years' experienceinrelated professional
business/projectanalystcapacity

·    Excellentoralandwritten communicationskills.

·    Experience in the financial sector, e.g. mortgages, is a plus.

·         Experience with COTS (Commercial off-the-shelf)/ERP (Enterprise
Resource Planning), e.g. PeopleSoft, SAP or Microsoft Dynamics is a plus

·    Demonstrableexperiencewith MSOffice2013,MS SQLis a plus, as well as,
knowledge of .NET.

This jobdescriptionisnotintended tobeall
inclusive,andemployeewillalsoperformreasonable related business dutiesas
assigned.

What we offer:

·    Excitingopportunitytobepart of NewYork'sresurgencetogreatness;

·    Extensivebenefitspackageincludingpaidleave,excellent
health,dental,visionandretirementbenefits;

·    Promotional opportunityfor dedicatedprofessionals.

TO APPLY, please send resume and cover letter to: jobopportunities@nyshcr.org

New York State is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE)

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             753 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Tyler Morning Telegraph (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 13, 2010 Tuesday

Voucher program on city's agenda

BYLINE: Casey Murphy, Tyler Morning Telegraph, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 867 words


July 13--The waiting list for Tyler's Housing Choice Voucher Program has been
closed for a year because ever-increasing demand for housing assistance by
low-income, disabled and elderly residents has become too great.

On Wednesday, the Tyler City Council will consider approving the Housing Choice
Voucher Program's fiscal year 2010-11 annual plan and its 2010-15 five-year
plan, which must be submitted to the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development (HUD) for final approval by Friday to receive federal funds.

"Improving the quality of life one neighborhood at a time" continues to be the
goal of the Tyler Public Housing Agency (PHA). The proposed plans show the
growing need for low-income housing assistance in the city.

In July 2009, the City Council approved the 2009-10 plan after hearing from
Tyler Housing Department Manager Andy Davis, who reported that Tyler had 926
voucher holders and about 1,600 families on the waiting list to become a voucher
holder.

Because there were too many people on the list, the waiting list was closed as
of June 30, 2009, and remains shut down, according to www.cityof-tyler.org.

"Since the demand for housing assistance often exceeds the limited resources
available to HUD and the local housing agencies, long waiting periods are
common," according to the website. "In fact, a housing agency may close its
waiting list when it has more families on the list than can be assisted in the
near future."

Income eligibility for the program is 30 percent of the area's median family
income, Davis said. The household income for one would be $11,600; for two would
be $13,300 and so on. Qualifying families also may be eligible for reimbursement
for utility costs, he added.

The five-year plan, spanning 2005-09, listed the following objectives: expanding
the supply of assisted housing, improving the quality of assisted housing,
increasing assisted Housing Choice Vouchers, promoting self-sufficiency and
asset development of assisted households and ensuring equal opportunity and
affirmatively further fair housing, according to a report by Brenda Johnson,
Tyler's Neighborhood Services director.

The goal of the proposed five-year plan for 2010-15 is to increase the
availability of "decent, safe and affordable housing," the report reads. City
officials plan to do this by expanding the supply of assisted housing by
applying for additional rental vouchers, leveraging private or public funds to
create additional housing opportunities; and improving the quality of assisted
housing by improving voucher management scores, increasing customer/client
satisfaction, concentrating on efforts to improve specific management functions
of the PHA and providing replacement vouchers.

Because Tyler residents continue to stay on the waiting list for seven to eight
years, the agency's goal is to apply for at least 1,000 additional housing
choice vouchers during the next five years, the report reads.

The agency also hopes to coordinate with existing and/or future financial and
social service agencies within the community to assist with needed support
activities, such as deposit assistance for families.

Possible programs include collaborative efforts with the city's HOME and
Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) programs; each aiding in low-income
housing. Specifically, the objective will be to have clients access funding
through the city's First Time Homebuyer Program to acquire affordable housing
within the community. PHA also will consider applying for special-purpose
vouchers targeted to families with disabilities and possibly submitting an
elderly housing development with a nonprofit provider.

The agency also would like to develop a Family Self Sufficient program to
provide alternative counseling for families to graduate from the housing
assistance program; continue training of staff; consider a customer service
satisfaction survey; implement a landlord training program; and develop a
landlord/tenant advocacy agency in the community.

AGENDA

At the 9 a.m. meeting Wednesday at City Hall, 212 N. Bonner Ave., the City
Council also will consider the following items:

--Request by Joe Cassini to close Swan Street;

--Request by Moran De-velopment Co. for a zoning change, from restricted
professional office and light commercial to multi-family residential, at 5858
Old Jack-sonville Highway;

--Adopt an ordinance to extend the boundaries of an existing school speed zone
for Andy Woods Elementary along a portion of Fry Avenue;

--Apply for and accept fourth-year funding for a Comprehensive Traffic Grant for
$101,428 from the Texas Department of Transportation;

--Approve a nomination to the Tyler Half Cent Sales Tax Corp.;

--Executive session to discuss Tall Timbers Utilities' appeal of condemnation.

To see more of the Tyler Morning Telegraph or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to www.tylerpaper.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Tyler Morning Telegraph, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100713-TY-HOUSING-VOUCHER-PROGRAM-20100713

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TY


                     Copyright 2010 Tyler Morning Telegraph


                             754 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Morning Star (Wilmington, NC)

                          December 15, 1999, Wednesday

Storm relief hurts others

BYLINE: GREG RETSINAS, Staff Writer

SECTION: Local/State; Pg. 1B, 4B

LENGTH: 737 words


RALEIGH - A disaster-relief package for victims of Hurricane Floyd could create
another disaster among people who depend on Social Services, special-interest
groups said Tuesday.

The warning, issued on the eve of today's special session of the North Carolina
General Assembly, might not have much of an impact as lawmakers prepare to act
quickly on the $ 830 million aid package proposed by Gov. Jim Hunt.

About $ 504 million of the package will come from shifting money from existing
state programs and services, and the rest will come from the state's savings.

Both measures place the state in a precarious financial situation and endanger
existing services such as welfare, children's health care and education, the
groups warned. However, they conceded that in the legislators' haste to pass an
aid package and adjourn in time for Christmas, those warnings might get lost in
the shuffle.

"The debate around this package is a disgrace," said Chris Fitzsimon of the
Common Sense Foundation, considered a liberal Raleigh-based think tank.

Senators and House members continued their hearings on the governor's aid
proposal Tuesday, with House budget-writers offering dozens of amendments
changing details within the plan. The House will formally take up the
disaster-relief legislation when the session opens at 9 a.m. today, and the
Senate will then consider the House version.

While legislative leaders said their intent continues to be to have a speedy
session and leave Raleigh by the weekend, dissenting voices are gaining strength
around the capital. Some lawmakers have questioned whether enough money is going
toward rental assistance, while others have expressed concerns over the state
spending nearly its entire so-called rainy-day fund.

Protesters holding signs that read, "No budget cuts!" rallied outside the state
Legislative Building on Tuesday to draw attention to state programs that are
being slashed to pay for Floyd-related relief. Among the protesters were several
residents of "FEMA-Ville", the moniker being used to describe a federal
temporary trailer park in Rocky Mount.

The protesters urged Gov. Hunt and lawmakers to consider an increase in the
state's corporate income tax or a one-time tax surcharge or a bond issue.

Programs that will have funding cuts include those for asthma education,
hepatitis education, mental health treatment and drug assistance for people
living with AIDS. Mental health advocates said they fear that as much as $ 20
million might be cut from mental health programs, and that the delay of needed
repairs at state hospitals will intensify an already serious problem.

Health and Human Secretary Dr. H. David Bruton said community mental health
centers probably would have longer waiting lines because of the cuts, and he
said his department is still searching for more areas to cut funds.

"I won't stand here and represent that this won't cause us some problems," Dr.
Bruton said.

Additionally, housing advocates said Gov. Hunt's proposal provides too little
assistance to renters, who make up about 7,000 of the 24,000 households that
have been forced out of their homes because of Hurricane Floyd. The governor's
package includes $ 3,000 grants to help renters find new places to live, and $
10 million to jump-start developers into building new apartment complexes in
eastern North Carolina.

State officials said Tuesday that state and federal governments would help
finance 375 multi-family housing units in six eastern towns - Golds|boro,
Greenville, Kinston, New Bern, Rocky Mount and Tarboro.

If approved by legislators, the aid proposal would add another 400 new
multi-family housing units by the end of next year. Officials said that market
forces caused by the sudden demand for new housing would also fill part of the
gap. In addition, Gov. Hunt is requesting an additional $ 147 million from
Congress next spring for aid for renters hurt by the flooding.

Some lawmakers expressed alarm at those numbers, suggesting that the aid package
should be reconfigured so that renters, who are often low-income and most in
need, get help immediately, rather than relying on future federal aid.

"For the most economically vulnerable and fragile folks down east, we are
telling them that '5 to 10 percent of you may have a place to live a year from
now.' We need to get them help right away," said Sen. Wib Gulley, D-Durham.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 Wilmington Star-News, Inc.


                             755 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   News & Observer (Raleigh, North Carolina)

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                            March 23, 2006 Thursday

Police train landlords in keeping property safe

BYLINE: Jennifer Brevorka, The News & Observer, Raleigh, N.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 470 words


Mar. 23--Being a landlord means more than collecting rent and fixing the
occasional broken window. It also can mean running background checks on renters
and keeping buildings free of graffiti.

Raleigh police offered a day-long class Wednesday to teach landlords how to keep
their property safe and discourage crime. They teamed up with the city's
inspection department, lawyers and rental property experts to show how simple
steps can make properties more attractive to desirable renters.

"The physical quality of your property dictates whether or not somebody thinks
they can take advantage of your property," said Kristen Rosselli, the strategic
initiatives manager for police.

Claude Trotter is a Raleigh landlord with one apartment under his watch and
several single-family homes. He wanted to learn about signs that drug dealers or
gang members might be living in a property.

"I find that these two elements are cancers in our society," Trotter said during
a break. "Having knowledge about this gives [landlords] more leverage to get rid
of it."

During the morning session, the group of about 40 listened to presentations.
After lunch, it was time for show and tell, "Miami Vice" style.

Sgt. T.A. Klein, a former drug detective, stood before the crowd and held up
plastic bags with drug paraphernalia, teaching the landlords about items that
drug dealers use. Eyes widened, people chortled and heads shook in disbelief.

The room buzzed as people passed around baggies that contained aluminum cans,
unrolled cigars and metal scouring pads, all items that can be used with drugs.

Then came the photos. Klein brought up a slide asked, "What do you notice in the
picture?"

Landlords hollered answers.

"Guns!"

"Marijuana!"

Klein told the group that he had shown the photo of firearms and dope, seized
from a drug dealer, to drive home a point: marijuana dealers, like dealers of
other drugs, can be violent. He shared street names for cocaine, crack and
methamphetamine and told the group about indicators of methamphetamine labs,
cocaine conversion labs or marijuana growing operations inside homes.

"The room that has aluminum foil on every wall," Klein said. "That's a huge
clue."

NEXT SESSION: Raleigh will host the landlord training course again June 14 and
Oct. 11. The October session will emphasize multi-family rentals and Section 8
housing.

FOR MORE INFORMATION: Contact Kristen Rosselli at 890-3865 or via e-mail at
kristen.rosselli@ci.raleigh.nc.us.

To see more of The News & Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newsobserver.com. Copyright (c) 2006, The News & Observer, Raleigh,
N.C. Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News. For information on
republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914
(worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060323-RA-LANDLORD-PPTY-SAFETY-20060323

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RA


                         Copyright 2006 News & Observer


                             756 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                           September 23, 2007 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Three Victorians honoured for crime prevention work; 'Commitment to improving
quality of life'

BYLINE: Times Colonist

SECTION: CAPITAL & VAN. ISL.; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 327  words

DATELINE: SURREY


SURREY -- Three Victoria residents were among 33 British Columbians recognized
by the provincial government yesterday for their contributions to community
safety and crime prevention.

Attorney General Wally Oppal announced the award recipients on behalf of
Solicitor General John Les at the annual Solicitor General community safety and
crime-prevention awards ceremony.

"I respect these individuals' commitment to improving the quality of life in a
direct and tangible way within their communities," said Oppal in a press
release.

Recipients were chosen by representatives of government, police and community
organizations.

Sgt. Rob Smith was honoured for his work as a school and community liaison
officer for Oak Bay Police. Smith is the director of the Oak Bay Restorative
Justice executive board and participates in

various local groups, including the Crystal Meth Victoria Society, the B.C.
Crime Prevention Association and the Children of the Street Society.

Al Kemp of Victoria received the corporate award for his work as chief executive
officer with the Rental Owners and Managers Society of B.C., where he educates
members in crime-prevention strategies.

With the help of Victoria police, Kemp brought the "crime-free multi-housing
program" to Victoria, educating landlords in how to prevent crime by selecting
more trustworthy tenants, improving building security and organizing tenant
socials to create a greater sense of community among neighbours. The nine-month
project reduced calls to police from selected multi-family buildings by 38 per
cent after six months, a savings of 600 hours of police time.

John Arnold, a volunteer with the Victoria police, was acknowledged for his work
developing a campaign against bike theft, organizing the delivery of 30,000
educational brochures across Victoria and Esquimalt.

Arnold, a retired marketing executive, secured funding for two years and the
program was a success, cutting the number of bike thefts in half.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Wally Oppal ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2007 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                             757 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             The Press of Atlantic City (Pleasantville New Jersey)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 16, 2013 Friday

Egg Harbor Township hotel gets grant money to become affordable apartments

BYLINE: Sarah Watson, The Press of Atlantic City, Pleasantville, N.J.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 590 words


Aug. 16--EGG HARBOR TOWNSHIP -- A plan to convert a languishing hotel, in a part
of the township leaders want to redevelop, into affordable housing apartments
has received millions in Sandy grant money.

Developers Renewable Jersey plan to turn the Clarion Hotel and Convention Center
on the Black Horse Pike near the Pleasantville border into an 83-unit apartment
building for low- to moderate-income residents.

The project, the name of which was not announced, will receive a $5 million
grant and more than $16 million in tax credits over the next 10 years,
Department of Community Affairs Commissioner Richard Constable announced
Thursday.

The township passed several resolutions in June supporting the project and
allowing the developer to use existing approvals for the project. Apartments
could become available as soon as late 2014. The hotel would remain open while
the conversion takes place.

Extensive renovation of the property, plus the actual purchase of the land and
building, will cost the developers more than $10 million, Rukenstein said. DCA
awarded the project a $5 million grant under the Fund for Restoration of
Multifamily Housing, which was allocated $180 million under the $1.8 billion
Community Development Block Grant allotment approved in April. That money comes
from the $60 billion Sandy disaster aid package approved by Congress in January.

The Egg Harbor Township hotel conversion project is one of 34 projects announced
as part of the multi-family housing program. Other projects will be in Atlantic
City, Pleasantville, Cape May Court House and the Rio Grande section of Middle
Township. About 2,550 apartments in the nine counties most affected by Sandy
will be created if all projects are constructed.

"As we all know, Sandy's wrath did not discriminate on socio-economic status,"
Constable said Thursday. "It impacted those who were elderly and those on a
fixed income. It also created a serious rental shortage."

The hotel, which has been the site of numerous state and county political
conventions over the years, has struggled financially, Egg Harbor Township Mayor
James J. "Sonny" McCullough said. Several years ago, current owner Ira M. Trocki
proposed turning the building into an assisted-living facility, but that project
never materialized. McCullough said last year developers approached the township
with the idea of converting the property into affordable housing, which would
count toward the township's COAH requirement.

Renewable Jersey principal Ron Rukenstein said the housing will be open for
anyone meeting the income restrictions. The rehabilitation will convert the
hotel rooms into 83 one-, two- or three-bedroom apartments. "The amenities and
features here, we think, will raise the level of what's usually associated with
affordable housing," Rukenstein said.

Additionally, Rukenstein said, a goal will be to incorporate various social
services into the building to help residents who many need help.

Rukenstein's project also received a 9 percent tax credit, which means the
developers effectively will have their federal tax bill cut by more than $1.6
million per year for 10 years.

A survey released in March found low-income renters were disproportionately
affected by the storm, especially in Atlantic City.

Contact Sarah Watson:

609-272-7216

swatson@pressofac.com

Follow Sarah Watson on Twitter @acpresssarah

___ (c)2013 The Press of Atlantic City (Pleasantville, N.J.) Visit The Press of
Atlantic City (Pleasantville, N.J.) at www.pressofatlanticcity.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130816-1AC-Egg-Harbor-Township-hotel-gets-grant-money-to-become-affordable-apa
rtments-0816-20130816

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AC


                   Copyright 2013 The Press of Atlantic City


                             758 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Mecklenburg Times

                             March 15, 2010 Monday

'Affordable' and 'green' an unlikely pairing in Charlotte, Mooresville
residential projects

BYLINE: Hannah Mitchell

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 485  words


Two affordable, environmentally friendly apartment buildings for older renters
are scheduled to open in mid-April, one billed as the first LEED-certified
complex in the state for low-income tenants.

Cherry Gardens Senior Apartments, in Charlotte's Cherry neighborhood, and Curlin
Commons in Mooresville will be open to people 55 and older. Tenants will pay
rental rates based on their incomes.

Green and affordable are two housing terms that typically don't go together, but
partners in the projects say decreased construction costs helped make that
possible in one case, private grant money in the other.

Affordable Housing Group, a Charlotte nonprofit that works with other
organizations to develop affordable homes in the Carolinas, partnered with
Living Gardens LLC on the Cherry project, and with the Catholic Diocese of
Charlotte Housing Corporation on the Mooresville complex.

Group executives say they incorporate energy-efficient elements into all of
their projects for federal ENERGY STAR energy-efficiency ratings, but the two
new complexes will meet even higher standards.

The Cherry complex is on track to get a Silver designation from LEED, the
Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design rating system of the nonprofit
U.S. Green Building Council. The Mooresville complex is expected to receive an
EarthCraft designation by the Atlanta-based EarthCraft House program for its
energy and resource efficiency.

The projects will have the first such ratings in North Carolina for affordable,
multi-family housing projects, said Jimmy Royster, spokesman for the Affordable
Housing Group.

Royster said the units' extra insulation and energy-efficient windows and
appliances will help renters save on their electricity bills.

The economic downturn was an unexpected partner in making the Cherry Gardens
complex a green project, said Kathy Stilwell, deputy director of the Affordable
Housing Group. The first construction bids came in over budget, but a second bid
process about a year later produced a $700,000 drop, making the LEED designation
possible.

Construction of the Cherry Gardens project cost $3.7 million.

A $50,000 grant from The Home Depot Foundation saved enough in upfront costs to
allow pursuit of the EarthCraft designation for the Mooresville project, which
cost $4.7 million to build.

The 42-unit Cherry Gardens, built on just a little more than an acre on Avant
Street, is an urban project of one-bedroom apartments, while the 40 one- and
two-bedroom Curlin Commons units are in a building on a 10-acre lot on
Mooresville's Overhead Bridge Road.

Prospective renters have already been inquiring about the units, Royster said,
and slots for apartments are starting to fill up, though the property manager
for the projects is still accepting applications.

Federal tax credits for low-income housing paid for the bulk of the projects.
The balance of the money came from local public and private sources.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             759 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Appeal-Democrat (Marysville, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 3, 2011 Sunday

Funding in place to rebuild affordable housing in Live Oak

BYLINE: Ashley Gebb, Appeal-Democrat, Marysville, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 676 words


July 03--A boarded-up affordable-housing community in Live Oak will finally get
a major overhaul, after its last and largest piece of funding was approved last
month.

The nearly 60-year-old cottages known as Maple Park are expected to be
demolished this fall and replaced with new three- to-four bedroom houses, a
community center, a park, a day care and a senior complex, said Linda Nichols,
executive director of the Consolidated Area Housing Authority of Sutter County.
They will be the first new public rental units built in Live Oak in 20 years.

The federal Tax Credit Allocation Committee approved nearly $12 million in
private investment tax credits to complete the $16.6 million Maple Park project.
Public funding comprises about $3.6 million of the project.

Maple Park will be rebuilt from the ground up, expanding from 30 units to 76
multi-family houses and adding the community elements. Substantial
infrastructure improvements are planned, such as making Gum Street -- a looping
road that encircles Maple Park -- go all the way through to facilitate traffic
flow, and new streets, sidewalks and lighting.

The project is on 4.4 acres south of Live Oak High School off Pennington Road.

"It's really going to change the neighborhood there. It's a rebirth of it,"
Nichols said. "HUD was not going to invest in them any more. They were
substandard, too small and not energy-efficient. ... We'll be able to help so
many more people."

About 3,000 people are on the housing authority's waiting list, which is now
closed but expec ed to open later this year. Rentals are in high demand because,
even though home costs are low, many people still don't have the capital to buy
a home, Nichols said.

Maple Park residents moved out in the beginning of the year, using federal
vouchers to move into private residences. They will have first right to return
when the project is complete, and they've all shown interest, Nichols said.

This project has been in the works for four years and uses the senior complex,
community center, day care and other elements to turn undeveloped space into
valuable infill.

"Maple Park is going to have a park -- and that's key," Nichols said. "I think
it's going to be a gem for the city."

The project is expected to break ground Oct. 1, although demolition could start
earlier, and take 18 to 20 months to complete, Nichols said. The next steps are
to finish plan checks with the city and finalize the investment package.

Live Oak City Council member and lifelong resident Steve Alvarado said the
approval of funding is exciting.

"It's excellent for the whole community of Live Oak and the whole town," he
said. "The buildings were pretty old. Now they are finally going to get
renovated. ... Something new is going to be nice."

Some of the wood-sided Maple Park cottages have been plagued by problems in
recent years, the result of age. Now residents will have private porches, fences
to turn grassy areas into yards, and a community park that fills in the middle
of the project.

Alvarado predicts the transformation will attract more people to Live Oak to
live and shop.

"It's going to be like a normal neighborhood," Alvarado said. "Everyone in the
community is really excited about it. I've already spoken to a lot of tenants
and they are excited about moving into a new home."

The per-unit rebuilding cost is about $150,000 to $160,000, Nichols said. For
rent, tenants pay 30 percent of their income.

The housing authority also designed the project with plans of future conversion
to solar energy, instead of having to make costly retrofits, she said. A new
154-kilowatt array at the agency's Yuba City housing will soon start generating
savings that can be utilized to upgrade the units.

To see more of the Appeal-Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.appeal-democrat.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Appeal-Democrat, Marysville,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110703-MY-Funding-in-place-to-rebuild-affordable-housing
-in-Live-Oak-0703-20110703

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MY


                         Copyright 2011 Appeal-Democrat


                             760 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 26, 2015 Thursday

New York: A.G. Schneiderman Announces Settlement Requiring Developer That
Operated Illegal Hotel To Pay Back Nearly $4.5 Million In Improper Tax Benefits

LENGTH: 1378  words

DATELINE: Albany


Office of Attorney General, The State of New York has issued the following news
release:

Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman today announced that his office has
reached a settlement with 47 East 34th Street (NY), LP, the owners of an
apartment building located at 47 East 34th Street in Manhattan, to repay
$4,446,153 in unpaid taxes due to the City under Section 421-a of the New York
Real Property Tax Law and convert all 110 units of the building to
rent-stabilized units. Prior to the Attorney General's investigation, the
building was operating as an illegal extended-stay hotel, which is not permitted
under 421-a rules. The settlement brings the building into compliance with New
York City's 421-a program and ensures that tenants will receive rent-stabilized
leases for the first time ever.

"I will not allow the 421-a tax exemption to line the pockets of the rich and
powerful," Attorney General Schneiderman said. "The 421-a program provides
massive tax benefits to developers in exchange for permanent housing
development, and I will continue to make sure that the prerequisites for
receiving those benefits are enforced. I am pleased that this company has agreed
to do the right thing by paying the City back taxes and offering more than 100
rent-stabilized leases to New Yorkers. My office will continue to crack down on
illegal development that exacerbates the City's severe affordable housing
shortage."

"The Attorney General's aggressive action here is deeply appreciated," said New
York City Mayor Bill de Blasio. "We must protect the affordable housing we have,
and ensure the resources we spend maximize the number of new affordable homes
for New Yorkers in need. We won't tolerate this kind of abuse."

"I thank the Attorney General for his diligence on this case and for his
continued partnership in our mission to protect the city's housing stock and
tenants," said New York City Housing and Preservation Development (HPD)
Commissioner Vicki Been. "Today's announcement sends a clear message that
building owners must comply with their legal obligations and will be held
accountable when they fail to do so. This settlement will ensure that millions
of dollars are recovered and put to good use funding affordable housing."

"It is unacceptable for a landlord to turn a tax-exempted affordable housing
unit into a short term rental that commands higher profit margins," said New
York City Public Advocate Letitia James. "There is dire lack of affordable
housing in New York City - tonight over 50,000 New Yorkers will have no place to
call home. Meanwhile, building owners like this are unlawfully converting
much-need affordable units into lucrative short-term businesses. I commend
Attorney General Schneiderman for today's settlement and his ongoing work to
return affordable housing to New Yorkers."

"Taxpayers deserve to know that their hard-earned dollars are being spent to
promote affordable housing, not line the pockets of illegal hoteliers," said New
York City Comptroller Scott Stringer. "The settlement announced today by
Attorney General Schneiderman will ensure that tax exemptions truly support that
effort."

"The tax benefits provided under the 421-a program are tied to the creation of
new housing units for permanent residents, which our city sorely needs," said
Manhattan Borough President Gale A. Brewer. "When developers or landlords reap
the reward of a massive 421-a tax break without providing housing units for
actual permanent residents, they need to know they will be held accountable. I
applaud Attorney General Schneiderman for sending that message today, loud and
clear."

"I am very pleased that Attorney General Schneiderman is taking on abuses in the
421-a program, which costs New York City over $1 billion each year while
creating very little affordable housing," said New York State Senator Elizabeth
Krueger. "It is particularly egregious when a developer receives tax breaks
meant for permanent housing for New Yorkers and uses them to operate an
extended-stay hotel, lining his pockets at taxpayer expense. Today's example
should be kept in mind when the Legislature considers reforms to the 421a
program later this year."

"Thank you, Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, for the investigation and
pursuit of the owners of 47 East 34th Street," said New York State
Assemblymember Richard Gottfried. "Not only have these unscrupulous landlords
illegally violated the tax law by fraudulently using a 421-a tax exemption, an
incentive program which was created to help owners to build affordable housing,
but they then used this building as an illegal hotel, a clear violation of the
rent stabilization laws. Forcing these owners to pay a $4.5 million financial
settlement and giving the tenants rent-stabilized leases is a great victory for
all New Yorkers. We must double our efforts to end the abuses of 421-a and the
proliferation of illegal hotels by passing stronger housing laws and by
increasing enforcement and the penalties for violations of these laws."

"If 421-a tax benefits are given, it is essential, at a minimum, that tenants
actually receive rent regulation status," said Adriene Holder,
attorney-in-charge in the Civil Practice Unit of The Legal Aid Society. "Thanks
to the leadership of the Attorney General in uncovering this landlord fraud,
tenants will be protected going forward and the tax benefits will be repaid."

Section 421-a of the New York Real Property Tax Law grants valuable local
property tax exemptions on certain new multi-family buildings. In order to
qualify, Section 421-a requires that any project receiving the tax exemption be
subject to local rent stabilization laws and in some cases requires them to
either set aside a number of affordable housing units or pay service staff
prevailing wages. Buildings that are owned as either a condominium or a
cooperative are exempt from the rent regulation requirement. Buildings that are
operated as hotels are not eligible for benefits under the 421-a program.

In the wake of the economic crisis of 2008 and its impact on the real estate
market, the Attorney General has discovered that many sponsors of new
condominium buildings chose to ride out the storm by illegally changing the use
of their buildings from condominium to rental, or by converting to a hostel or
hotel, while continuing to receive benefits under the 421-a program and failing
to provide rent-stabilized leases, affordable units, and prevailing wages.

The Attorney General's Office uncovered that 47 East 34th Street was one of the
many buildings improperly receiving the 421-a tax exemption despite being out of
compliance - operating as an extended-stay hotel instead of as a condominium or
rental project.

Under the settlement obtained by Attorney General Schneiderman, the company will
make required filings with the City's Department of Housing Preservation and
Development and the State's Division of Housing & Community Renewal, and will
convert the use of the building to a rent-stabilized apartment building. In
addition, they have agreed to pay $4,446,153, to a special fund to help finance
affordable housing for low-income New Yorkers. They will also pay the State of
New York $275,000 to cover the costs of the Attorney General's investigation.

This settlement is the most recent in a series of settlements the Attorney
General has obtained in his ongoing investigation of properties receiving
benefits under the 421-a program. Prior settlements have included repayments of
tax benefits as well as restitution and remedies for building workers and
tenants. Further information on those settlements can be found here.

The Attorney General thanks the New York State Division of Housing & Community
Renewal and New York City Department of Housing Preservation and Development for
their assistance on this matter.

The investigation of this matter was conducted by Assistant Attorneys General
Elissa Rossi and Nicholas J. Minella, Deputy Chief Andrew H. Meier, Special
Counsel Jeffrey R. Rendin and Bureau Chief Erica F. Buckley, all of the Real
Estate Finance Bureau, as well as Executive Deputy Attorney General for Economic
Justice Karla G. Sanchez.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             761 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 8, 2009 Thursday

New rules promote affordable housing in TC: What is affordable housing?

BYLINE: Melissa Domsic, The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 664 words


Jan. 8--TRAVERSE CITY -- New zoning regulations could make it easier for
developers to build affordable housing in Traverse City.

City commissioners this week approved new rules to allow increased density and
lot coverage for projects with a certain amount of affordable housing units in
multi-family residential districts.

The move is one of several recommendations put forth in a city report on
affordable housing that was released last spring.

"There have been a few studies over the last few years showing there's a big
need for affordable housing for lower and moderate income families in the area,"
said Sarah Lucas, regional planner for the Northwest Michigan Council of
Governments.

Affordable housing costs 30 percent or less of a household's income. It's aimed
at households making between 60 and 80 percent or less than the average median
income.

A home priced at about $125,000 would be affordable for a family of four making
80 percent of the average median income. But only 37 of the 231 homes on the
market in February 2008 cost $125,000 or less, according to a 2008 city report
on workforce affordable housing.

Another housing analysis showed the need for 1,236 ownership housing units for
under $109,000, but the existing supply at that price was only 405 units,
according to a 2008 study.

Developers could add an extra market-rate home for each affordable unit they
build, up to twice the density normally allowed in the multi-family residential
districts. Those zones are concentrated around Boardman Lake and other patches
throughout the city.

"It's something (developers) are willing to look at because they can still get a
decent return by building some smaller units," said city Commissioner Jody
Bergman. "It's not going to be a huge impact; the city doesn't have any large
parcels where this could make a huge impact."

Bergman said she hopes to see affordable places mixed throughout housing
developments, rather than one large housing complex.

City regulations should ensure affordable houses and apartments are integrated
with market-rate housing, so it'd be difficult to tell the difference, Lucas
said. Studies show they shouldn't negatively impact property values.

Bob Sutherland, who owns Cherry Republic stores downtown and in Glen Arbor,
supports the allowance of density increases. He hopes to renovate downtown
Traverse City's historic Whiting Hotel into a mixture of affordable and
market-rate apartments, though zoning changes won't affect that project.

Sutherland also helped develop an owner-occupied neighborhood with some
affordable houses in Empire in Leelanau County.

"The more dense you make it, the less the land cost is a factor in determining
the cost," he said. "It's a win-win for Traverse City because it does get
affordable housing, but the other positives are that density usually means less
people need to drive, things are more walkable, and thus there's even an
opportunity to become even more affordable because people then don't have to own
cars."

Housing is considered affordable when it costs 30 percent or less of a
household's income. Traverse City's regulations further define workforce
affordable housing as owner-occupied homes for households making 80 percent or
less of the average median income, and rental units for those making 60 percent
or less of the average median income.

Under these rules, an affordable purchase price for a four-person house would be
about $124,750 in 2008 numbers. Maximum rent for a one-person apartment would go
for about $650.

Source: Northwest Michigan Council of Governments.

To see more of The Record-Eagle or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.record-eagle.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Record-Eagle, Traverse
City, Mich. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090108-ZK-New-rules-promote-affordable-housing-in-TC-0108

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                                 Copyright 2009


                             762 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          The York Dispatch (York, PA)

                          September 14, 2005 Wednesday

Housing code in dispute

BYLINE: DAINA KLIMANIS The York Dispatch

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 572 words

DATELINE: An addiction counselor challenged proposed regulation of drug


and alcohol-recovery homes at a York City Council committee meeting yesterday,
disagreeing with the council president over what the Fair Housing Act requires.

The Rev. Jim Wardrop argued with president Cameron Texter over whether the city
could treat group homes for recovering drug and alcohol addicts differently than
single-family homes.

Texter said the laws allow such homes to be licensed; Wardrop, a counselor,
disagreed.

The meeting looked at a proposed re-draft of the housing code, one that would
license multi-family dwellings according to more specific uses than the current
code does.

Discussion centered on the recovery home licensing requirements.

Wardrop and Texter both read documents they said ruled in their favor and said
they had lawyers backing them up.

Health, safety cited: Texter said that though the solicitor had not yet offered
an opinion on the legislation, the city had previously received numerous
opinions as well as advice from an official of the U.S. Department of Housing
and Urban Development.

He referred to court cases and cited a joint statement from the U.S. Justice and
Housing and Urban Development departments, which says that most group homes for
people with disabilities "are subject to state regulations intended to protect
the health and safety of their residents."

The housing code does not discriminate against the disabled, Texter said, but
imposes regulations like those the state already puts on other drug and alcohol
treatment facilities.

"We're not stopping any group home from locating anywhere within the city,"
Texter said.

Family definition discussed: Wardrop replied with a sample definition of family
from a National League of Cities document. That definition counted up to six
disabled people and two staff members living together as a family.

Though the league considered that definition in line with the Fair Housing Act,
the document did not indicate whether the league thought a definition could pass
legal muster if it did not consider groups of disabled people a family.

Wardrop also said licensing requirements, especially a provision that would not
allow homes to kick out a resident without referring them to another program or
providing other assistance, would have an "extremely crippling effect" on
recovery home operations.

"You can't jeopardize however many men in the home" by allowing someone
violating house rules to stay, Wardrop said.

Texter compared the requirement to the current landlord-tenant laws that do not
allow landlords to kick tenants out without due process.

Limits urged: Larry Homsher, a West Market Street resident who has urged for
greater regulation of group homes, applauded the proposed code. He has had
people approach him after they were kicked out of a group home with no place to
go.

Homsher said he once tried to find an out-of-town man a place to stay, only to
find both the Rescue Mission shelter and the YMCA full.

"These folks don't know anybody in town," Homsher said.

He and his wife, Mary Homsher, also said they would like to see group homes
limited to six residents and two staff members.

Currently, no more than 12 people are allowed in group homes that have not
received an exemption.

The city zoning code, soon to be rewritten, will determine the maximum number of
occupants, Texter said.

--Reach Daina Klimanis at 505-5439 or dklimanis@yorkdispatch.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                             763 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Dispatch (Gilroy, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                            August 12, 2006 Saturday

New fee fears

BYLINE: Serdar Tumgoren, The Dispatch, Gilroy, Calif.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 804 words


Aug. 12--GILROY -- A nonprofit housing provider's effort to shed part of its
services has homeowners in a low-income neighborhood worried about exorbitant
new fees.

South County Property Management Company has informed 14 families on Casciano
Circle that it will stop serving as property manager for the north Gilroy
neighborhood by the end of August. The agency has handled daily headaches such
as parking violations and pot-holes for neighbors since 2003, when the homes
were constructed by its nonprofit sister organization, South County Housing.

South County Property Management has hired a new management company to help the
Casciano Homeowners Association choose a new manager, but residents are worried
that monthly fees could skyrocket under a for-profit firm. Each resident in the
HOA currently pays $46 a month to South County to maintain the private road and
street lights.

"Some of these property managers are asking $200 or $300 per household," said
HOA President Fabian Cuevas. "Everybody on our street is concerned -- because it
might hurt them in the pocketbook."

South County representatives expressed doubt that fees would increase
significantly under a for-profit provider. HOA fees vary depending on the
community. Neighborhoods with a large amount of green space, pools and other
common areas tend to have higher fees compared to streets like Casciano Circle,
where homeowners pay only for street and light maintenance.

"I would imagine, because I know what we're charging is not covering our costs,
that their price is probably going to go up," said Laura Ellenberger, director
of property management for South County Property Management. "But I can't see it
going up double or three times the amount."

She stressed that the agency is not ending its service because costs exceed
returns from the HOA. The move represents a broader effort by the agency to
focus on management of its 1,246 rental properties.

"We've added 500 units almost in the last year of multi-family rental, but our
staff hasn't increased that much," Ellenberger said. "Our concentration is on
rental housing. That's what we're good at. That's what we do. The result will be
that homeowners will have much better service, and we'll be doing what we do
best."

South County is also ending property management contracts with the 46-unit
Glenbrook development in Gilroy and two properties in Salinas and Watsonville.
South County representatives said that development agreements with the HOAs
allow either side to end the relationship by giving 30 days notice. South County
officials began informally warning residents about their plans six months ago.

Cuevas and other HOA members are now scrambling to explore their options. They
hope to hold a meeting this week with South County officials and a
representative from Community Management Services, the Campbell company hired to
help residents transition to a private property manager. The company has offered
its own services as an option. Representatives were not available for comment
Friday, but the company's brochures list a variety of services ranging from
basic book-keeping for HOA fees to handling parking enforcement or street
repairs. The cheapest program would cost each homeowner $24 a month and would
not include any of the current maintenance services.

Cuevas and fellow HOA member Richard Saccullo said they would rather dissolve
the HOA than face even $20 more in fees.

"It's a lot of money for someone who has a family of kids and wants a gallon of
milk," Saccullo said.

It remains unclear if Casciano Circle residents could eliminate the HOA. Local
governments typically finance street repairs, parking enforcement and other
public services, though in recent years public officials have agreed to shift
those responsibilities to HOAs. Gilroy housing officials could not confirm by
press time if state laws require HOAs to provide basic services once the city
steps out of the picture.

As Casciano Circle residents set out for answers, South County officials say
they have no plans to leave the neighborhood "high and dry."

"Managing the homeowners association in the first year or two gives us an
ability to maintain a relationship with the homeowners, in case any issues
arise," said Andy Lief, project manager for South County Housing. "We have a
neighborhood development department that would continue to do that regardless of
our management company managing the HOA."

To see more of The Dispatch, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.gilroydispatch.com. Copyright (c) 2006, The Dispatch, Gilroy, Calif.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060812-GI-HOUSING-HELP-20060812

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GI


                          Copyright 2006 The Dispatch


                             764 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Palo Alto Daily News (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 24, 2013 Saturday

San Carlos Transit Village developer asks city to waive low-cost housing rules

BYLINE: Bonnie Eslinger, Palo Alto Daily News, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 505 words


Aug. 24--The developer of the controversial San Carlos Transit Village has asked
the city to drop or reduce affordable housing requirements for the project.

But staff on Monday will recommend that the city council reject Legacy Partners'
request, according to a memo from City Attorney Gregory Rubens.

The current proposal for the mixed-used development includes 280-upscale
apartments, along with office and retail buildings. If approved without changes,
the development would provide San Carlos with about $7.9 million in impact fees
based on square footage to be spent on affordable housing needs, according to
Rubens' memo.

To avoid paying those fees, the developer could offer 15 percent of the
apartments -- 42 in all -- for lower rents targeted to low-income households.

A July 9 letter to the city on behalf of Legacy from the law firm of Rutan and
Tucker, LLP asks the city to waive the affordable housing requirements
altogether. If the city won't do that, the letter proposes to provide 10 percent
of the units at lower rents for moderate-income households.

In the letter, Rutan & Tucker attorney David Lanferman argues that the city's
affordable housing requirement is unconstitutional. Increasing the number of
homes in an area improves housing affordability, he states.

"Developers of multi-family rental housing ... therefore should be encouraged
rather than unduly burdened by counter-productive exactions of new housing or
'fees in-lieu' and conditions of development proposal," Lanferman wrote.

In a subsequent letter, dated July 31, Lanferman told city officials that
without the waiver or "substantial adjustment" to the affordable housing
requirements, the development would not be financially feasible.

In his memo to the city council, Rubens said San Carlos' affordable housing
requirements would hold up to legal scrutiny, and a city-sponsored study of the
Transit Village shows it would reap a profit for the developer even with some
below-market rate units.

"We think our ordinance is supportable and reasonable and addresses the impacts
of this project," Rubens said in an interview Friday. "There's a great need for
that type of (below-market-rate) housing."

Lanferman and Legacy Partners did not respond to requests for comment on Friday.

The Transit Village is proposed for a 10.5-acre strip along El Camino Real from
Arroyo Avenue to Northwood Drive. It would include eight buildings, half of them
four stories tall. The development would be constructed on land leased from
Caltrain and would flank the city's historic train depot.

For years, the city's eastside residents have protested the development, which
they say would be too tall and dense and would worsen traffic, create parking
problems and block their view of the western hills.

Email Bonnie Eslinger at beslinger@dailynewsgroup.com; follow her at
twitter.com/bonnieeslinger.

___ (c)2013 the Palo Alto Daily News (Menlo Park, Calif.) Visit the Palo Alto
Daily News (Menlo Park, Calif.) at www.paloaltodailynews.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130824-PL-San-Carlos-Transit-Village-developer-asks-city-to-waive-low-cost-
housing-rules-0824-20130824

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PL


                      Copyright 2013 Palo Alto Daily News


                             765 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

USDA Awards Grants to Preserve Affordable Rural Housing

LENGTH: 618  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: U.S Department of Agriculture, The State of Arizona has issued the
following news release:



 USDA Rural Development Under Secretary Lisa Mensah today announced grants to
preserve and repair affordable housing for very-low- and low-income families
living in rural areas.





 "Housing Preservation Grants are an excellent source of funding to help folks
keep up a safe and energy-efficient home that is in good repair," Mensah said.
"This funding will go a long way toward helping maintain the value of rural
residents' homes and preserve the supply of safe, affordable housing in rural
America."



 USDA is awarding $3.9 million in Housing Preservation Grant to 107
organizations in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and in
every state except Montana and Washington.



 The grants will renovate 966 rural housing units. They can be used to remove
health and safety hazards, make homes more energy efficient, and modernize the
units. Eligible recipients include local governments, public agencies, federally
recognized Indian Tribes, nonprofit organizations and faith-based and community
groups. They distribute the grants to homeowners and owners of multi-family
rental properties or cooperative dwellings who rent to low- and very-low-income
residents.



 The organizations receiving the grants determine which local projects to
support.



 In Pennsylvania, the United Way of Western Crawford County is receiving a
$22,900 grant to renovate six units. It will help low- to very-low-income
homeowners repair or replace major systems such as heating, electrical, or make
exterior repairs. The United Way also will make accessibility modifications.



 The City of Okolona, Miss., is receiving a $24,663 grant to renovate up to 10
homes. In addition to general repairs, the city hopes to reduce overcrowding by
making interior alterations and/or building room additions. Also in Mississippi,
the Warren-Washington-Issaquena-Sharkey Community Action Agency is receiving a
$40,000 grant to rehabilitate homes by removing lead-based paint and making
weatherization and energy-efficiency improvements.



 Rebuilding Together of Litchfield County, Inc. in Connecticut will continue the
work it has done with prior Housing Preservation Grants. It is receiving a
$46,021 grant. The organization repaired 19 homes in 2015 with a 50,000 USDA
grant. It leveraged a network of volunteers and partners to replace flooring,
failing windows, siding, and make 28 health, safety and accessibility
improvements. The repairs allowed very-low-income, elderly homeowners to remain
in their homes.



 Funding for all awards is contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of
their grant agreement.



 USDA has provided $51 million in Housing Preservation Grants since the start of
the Obama Administration. These grants have leveraged more than $184 million to
repair and rehabilitate nearly 13,000 homes and apartments in rural communities.




 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000
rural businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; funded nearly
9,200 community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care
facilities; and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million
rural residents and businesses. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963
electric projects that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and
distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural residents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             766 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      North Shore News (British Columbia)

                              June 21, 2009 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Public comes out in support of Seylynn Village; Traffic concerns also voiced at
public hearing

BYLINE: Sarah Ripplinger, North Shore News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 815  words


A public hearing into the Seylynn Village development project drew strong
support from the public on Tuesday, although many continued to voice their
concerns about traffic delays along nearby roads.

District of North Vancouver Council chambers were packed with around 125 people,
almost 30 of whom addressed council with their comments about the Seylynn
Village rezoning and phased development bylaws.

The proposed changes would allow construction of the huge housing project on a
five-acre parcel at the northeast end of the Lower Lynn neighbourhood, between
Hwy 1 and Fern Street. The plan, put forward by Hynes Development Inc., would
feature four-, six-, 10- and 25-storey buildings totalling 620 mixed-use and
multi-family units, as well as 50,000 square feet of commercial space and shared
underground parking. It calls for 70 affordable rental units.

Jane Osborne, a Seymour area resident and avid volunteer, said she has met many
people through her volunteer work that are "on the verge of not being able to
live in the North Shore" because of the high cost of housing for seniors,
low-income individuals and young adults.

"I think it's time to move on and not look back . . . and get on with this
development," she said.

Lower Lynn resident Warren Ireland said he and his family have few affordable
options in the district and are excited about the opportunity a development like
Seylynn could offer them.

"It is getting increasingly expensive (to live in the district), so eventually
we're going to have to look for somewhere else." Ireland said he would like to
relocate to Seylynn Village.

The plot is largely zoned for single-family residences at the moment. The
Lynnmour Grocery Store (638 Mountain Highway) is not part of the application.

The site is close to amenities such as Seylynn Park, the North Shore Winter
Club, Lynn Creek trails, the Park and Tilford shopping centre and Phibbs
Exchange. It is also not far from Capilano University, which would make it a
target for students and employees wishing to live near the educational
institution.

The affordable housing complex at the south-east end of the development site,
near to Highway One, would provide 70 rental units to moderate-income
individuals or "worker housing."

"We're trying to have a place so that people who need to work in businesses on
the North Shore can actually live here," said Brian Bydwell, director of
planning, permits and bylaw, in a telephone interview. The district has
consulted with BC Housing about the possibility of partnering with a non-profit
housing group to build the affordable rental suites.

Construction of the development is slated for completion within 10 years, at
which point the phased development agreement would end.

The plan also involves adding lanes and extra land to both Mountain Highway and
Fern Street. The part of Fern Street bordering the property will have two
westbound lanes with an additional left-turn lane at Mountain Highway and two
eastbound lanes with an additional left-turn lane at the Highway One
interchange, according to district community planner Michael Hartford.

Changes to the Mountain Highway section include one northbound lane with a
right-turn bay to access Seylynn at Bruce Street and three southbound lanes --
one for left turns at Bruce Street and two for left turns at Fern Street.

Bike lanes will also be added to both roads in a bid to reduce the dependency on
the private automobile, according to Hartford.

Other measures to discourage driving include reduced parking spaces, one bike
lock dock for every two dwellings and one car-share spot for every 120
dwellings.

Despite the reassurances from Hynes that more cars and people in the area won't
be an issue because of the roadway improvements, many residents still raised
concerns about long delays along Mountain Highway and Fern Street.

Seymour resident Catherine Fagerlund said traffic problems in the Seylynn area
are already a "nightmare" that needs to be addressed before the district
considers increasing housing density.

"How can it make sense to add 690 residences and lots of commercial space to the
(traffic) problem, especially located right at the heart of it?"

Patrick Golier, transportation planner with the district, said that if the
traffic measures under the proposed development plan are not implemented,
traffic volumes could increase.

"Delays and queuing by 2026 would be far worse than they are today," he said.

Members of district council debated the legal technicalities surrounding closing
a public hearing before holding the Seylynn traffic information meeting that was
scheduled to take place on June 22. In the end, council voted 6-1 to close the
public hearing with Coun. Lisa Muri dissenting. The traffic information meeting
is postponed. A date has not yet been set.

The three bylaws will return to council for second and third reading at the July
6 regular council meeting.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Cindy Goodman, North Shore News; District of North Vancouver mayor
Richard Walton listens to a presentation at a public hearing on the proposed
Seylynn Village development Tuesday. Traffic was among the concerns raised by
attendees. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 North Shore News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             767 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                          November 11, 1997, Tuesday,

APARTMENT COMPLEXES SOLD, TO ADD LOWER-COST HOUSING;
 THE STATE HOPES TO EASE A SHORTAGE OF AFFORDABLE APARTMENTS BY HELPING
PRINCETON PROPERTIES BUY FOUR PORTLAND COMPLEXES.

BYLINE: Andrew D. Russell Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 690 words


Four apartment complexes in Portland with a total of 477 apartments have been
sold to a Massachusetts-based company that plans to renovate the buildings and
provide more housing for lower-income families.

Princeton Properties is spending $ 24 million to buy and renovate the units at
Forest Park on Baxter Boulevard, Princeton Village on Brighton Avenue, and
Princeton Pines and Princeton Ridge, located on outer Forest Avenue.

The deal is being financed by the Maine State Housing Authority.

That means 25 percent of the units must be made available to low-income
families. State officials say the sale will help ease a shortage of affordable
housing in Greater Portland.

''This is the largest single loan in the agency's history,'' said Daniel
Simpson, a spokesman for the state housing authority. ''It'll create a lot of
badly needed affordable rental housing.''

The deal, which was completed last month, makes Princeton Properties the city's
second-largest landlord. The Portland Housing Authority is the biggest landlord,
with more than 1,000 public housing units.

Formed in 1973, Princeton Properties owns 5,000 apartment units in 25
communities in Massachusetts and New Hampshire. The four Portland complexes are
the company's first purchases in Maine, said Terry Flahive, company president.

Flahive said the company has a successful record for buying and rehabilitating
''distressed'' apartment buildings. He said a recent renovation project in
Salem, Mass., won a national award for best multi-family rehabilitation.

He said the sale should have little impact on tenants because Princeton has been
managing the four complexes since 1994 for General Electric Capital Corp. GECC
bought the apartments at auction after the previous owner defaulted on more than
$ 24 million in loans.

Princeton bought the complexes from GECC for $ 20 million. It will spend another
$ 4 million installing new appliances and carpeting, repainting units,
developing common hallways, and landscaping.

The oldest of the four complexes, Forest Park, was built in 1945. The remaining
three were built in the 1950s and early 1970s, according to Flahive.

Flahive said his company was unable to spend money on renovations while it was
managing the complexes, because it didn't yet own the buildings.

''Our hands were tied during the negotiations,'' he said. With the closing of
the sale, however, work is already under way and should be finished by next
spring, Flahive said.

A majority of the apartment units will be occupied by market-rate tenants -
those renters who pay full price to rent a townhouse, one-, two- or
three-bedroom apartment. A townhouse, for example, rents for $ 690-790 per
month.

Princeton also offers furnished corporate apartments. These apartments are
rented on a month-by-month basis for executives or employees who need temporary
housing in Portland.

Of the 477 units, approximately 120 will be made available to low-income renters
for at least 15 years. To qualify for these apartments, renters must have
incomes that are 50 percent to 60 percent less than the area median income.

It's the availability of these units that is being warmly welcomed by local
housing officials. They say lower-income working families are being squeezed out
of rentals because of higher rates brought on by the tight housing market.

Currently, the vacancy rate in Portland is around 2 percent, according to
housing experts.

''There really isn't enough housing for all income groups at this point,'' said
Mark Adelson, Portland's director of housing and community development. ''But
people with limited incomes are hurt the most because they tend to be the first
forced out when rents go up.''

Mary Bostwick, director of housing services for the Portland Housing Authority,
said the addition of 120 low-income units is good news because it means the
fixed-income people who already live at Princeton will be able to remain.

''This is a good thing because it preserves the housing of the people living
there and opens it up to others who might not otherwise be able to afford to
live there,'' she said.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MAP: APARTMENTS INCLUDED IN PURCHASE Portland;

Staff art APARTMENTS INCLUDED IN PURCHASE Four apartmen;

 complexes in Portland have been sold to Princeton Properties for $ 20 million.
Princeton will spend an additional $ 4 milion renovating the units.;

 Princeton Pines, 1349 Forest Ave:;

 135 units; built in early '70s. ;

 Princeton Ridge, 1342 Forest Ave:;

 42 units; built in mid-'70s. ;

 Forest Park, 160-254 Baxter Blvd.;

 and 2-40 Dartmouth St: 220 units; built in 1945. ;

 Princeton Village, Brighton at Massachusetts Avenue: 80 units;;

 built in early '50s.

                Copyright 1997 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.


                             768 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                             March 11, 2008 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Condo starts outshine single-family homes; Multi-family sector booming despite
cost escalation

BYLINE: Mario Toneguzzi, For the Calgary Herald

SECTION: CALGARY BUSINESS; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 807  words


Housing starts for the single-family home market in the Calgary area continued
to plunge in February compared with a year ago, but at the same time the
multi-family sector is soaring.

According to preliminary figures released Monday by Canada Mortgage and Housing
Corp., new construction in the Calgary Census Metropolitan Area for the month
was 877 units, up 19.8 per cent from the 732 units started in February 2007.

The rise in total housing starts was because of an increase in multi-family
starts, which include semi-detached units, rows, and apartments. Multi-family
starts were 589 units in February, more than three times (225.4 per cent) the
181 units started in February 2007.

The jump in multi-family sector activity resulted from an increase in
condominium starts and the construction of a new social housing rental project,
said the CMHC.

"Condominium apartment starts last February were unusually low at only 10 units,
thus production was expected to rise this year," said Lai Sing Louie, senior
market analyst in Calgary for the CMHC. "Nevertheless, multi-family starts so
far have been stronger than projected considering the current level of supply
and the likelihood of rising inventories."

Year-to-date, multi-family starts have reached 937 units, up 149.2 per cent from
the same period last year. Meanwhile, single-detached starts were nearly cut in
half last month, declining from 551 units in February 2007 to 288 units in
February 2008, a drop of 47.7 per cent.

"The last time monthly single-detached housing starts dropped below the 300-unit
mark was back in 1996," said Louie. "Weaker net migration, recent cost
escalation, and strong competition from the resale market all continue to impact
the new home market."

After two months, single-detached starts are 651 units, down 43.7 per cent from
the 1,156 units started in the same period last year.

Year-to-date, overall starts are up 3.7 per cent.

The Calgary CMA includes the city, Airdrie, the Municipal District of Rocky
View, Chestermere, Cochrane, Irricana, Beiseker and Crossfield.

The main factor in the housing starts numbers is that multi-family has
"essentially become the entry-level market" although there is also a significant
higher-end component to this market, said Deep Shergill, president of the
Canadian Home Builders' Association for the Calgary region.

Because the development permit process for multi-family projects can take
upwards of a year, many of the housing starts in this market today have been in
the pipeline for some time, he said.

"So it's expected that those numbers would be high."

Louie said currently there are 4,201 single-family homes under various stages of
construction in the Calgary area and 9,021 multi-family units for a total of
13,222 units. The peak level of overall construction hit 15,361 units in October
2007. The highest level of multi-family construction was 9,610 units in December
2007.

The CMHC tracks average sale prices for what it terms "absorbed" single-detached
homes, which reflect the price of a home when it is completed and moved into,
but negotiated and priced before the construction began.

The average absorbed price for a single-detached home in Calgary in February was
$584,552 while in the

Calgary metropolitan area it was $573,671. The city price jumped 33 per cent
from February 2007 ($438,791) while the regional price increased by 30 per cent
($439,757), said Louie.

Total housing starts across Alberta's seven largest centres decreased from 2,338
units in February 2007 to 1,867 units in 2008, a drop of about 20 per cent.
Nationally, urban starts in February 2008 totalled 13,436 units, up almost 42
per cent from a year earlier.

Nationally, the multi-unit segment led the way, rising to its second highest
level in 30 years (the highest was reached last September), said Robert Hogue of
BMO Capital Markets.

"The single-unit segment also advanced modestly, ending a two-month skid," he
said in a research report on the housing start numbers. "In the past year, the
thrust in the home building sector has shifted toward multiple unit dwellings,
as eroding affordability hits single-family homes disproportionately."

He said residential construction in Canada "continues to escape the storm
ravaging the sector south of the border and to provide solid support for our
domestic economy."

"However, the deterioration in affordability and growing economic uncertainty
should gradually slow home building activity in the months ahead," said Hogue.
"The shift toward multi-unit dwellings also raises the risk of increased
volatility in the sector."

mtoneguzzi@theherald.canwest.com

Calgary Census Metropolitan Area

(Housing Starts)

Single Multiple Total

Feb. 2008 288 589 877

Feb. 2007 551 181 732

% Change -47.7 225.4 19.8

YTD 2008 651 937 1,588

YTD 2007 1,156 376 1,532

% Change -43.7 149.2 3.7

Source: CMHC; YTD=Year to Date

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Dean Bicknell, Calgary Herald; Construction workers got to work at the
Keynote Condo project site downtown on Monday. Single-family housing starts in
the Calgary area were nearly cut in half in February, while the multi-family
sector is soaring. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Statistics

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2008 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             769 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 2, 2016 Tuesday

Agency to consider Riverfront's future

BYLINE: Mark Reiter, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 576 words


Aug. 02--The Ohio Housing Finance Agency is to decide this month whether 80
percent of Riverfront Apartments should be converted into market-rate rentals.

The downtown Toledo building is owned by the Eyde Co., which is about halfway
through a 30-year tax incentive agreement with the state agency to use the
22-story structure for low-income housing.

Molly Moses, a Housing Finance Agency spokesman, said the Lansing-based
developer filed an application in June, 2015, asking state housing officials to
amend the agreement. The company initially sought full conversion from
low-income to market-rate rentals.

But a compromise was reached in talks with an agency compliance officer to
reduce the restriction on income to 20 percent of the building and allow the
remaining 80 percent to transition into market rate, she said.

The recommendation reached in the compromise will be reviewed by the agency's
multi-family committee Aug. 10 and will be placed on the agenda of the Aug. 17
meeting for the full OHFA board.

The building at 245 N. Summit St., known for many years as the old Toledo Trust
building, was built in 1916 and was the city's tallest skyscraper for 17 years.
It was purchased in 1998 by the Eyde Co., in a $4.5 million package deal that
included the former Fiberglas Tower and the adjacent parking garage.

OHFA awarded $923,081 in housing tax credits to the company in 1999 to convert
the building into apartments.

The building reopened the following year with 41 one-bedroom units; 51
two-bedroom units, and 8 three-bedroom units.

Mark Clouse, chief financial officer and general counsel for the Eyde Co., said
the building will transition to market rate over the next three years as units
become available.

Existing tenants who meet income qualifications and abide by terms of lease
agreements can continue renting as long as they want, Mr. Clouse said.

"This is not a situation where anybody who lives there currently will be asked
to leave," he said. "We have made a commitment to OHFA that we will not force
anyone out. We have many tenants who have lived here for a long time. They are
great tenants. We want them to stay."

Ms. Moses said keeping one-fifth of the building for low-income clients is a
reasonable alternative to full market rate, and would avoid the owner going into
default on the mortgage, which would dissolve the tax credit agreement.

"That is not our desire," she said. "We are committed to our main goal to keep
as many units as affordable and keep the property out of foreclosure," she said.

Mr. Clouse said his company has invested more than $3 million into Riverfront
Apartments in the last 15 years, and additional money is needed through
market-rate rents to make repairs and improvements to the building.

Toledo Mayor Paula Hicks-Hudson said the compromise on tenant income eligibility
is needed for the owner to invest money into the building. It will remain viable
and will assure diversity at the same time, she said.

"I think we have to have a balance in residents. We have to make sure that a
person who wants to live downtown and can afford to live in downtown can live
downtown" she said. "One of the things we have to guard against is not having
affordable housing for people. We have to find a balance between the two."

Contact Mark Reiter at: markreiter@theblade.com or 419-724-6199.

___ (c)2016 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160802-TO-Agency-to-consider-Riverfront-s-future-0802-20160802

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2016 The Blade


                             770 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                          September 14, 2006 Thursday
                                   1 Edition

San Juan looks to expand affordable housing options;
Proposal would add 38-units to Seasons Senior Affordable Housing Complex

BYLINE: BY SEAN EMERY; CAPISTRANO VALLEY NEWS

SECTION: CAPOVALLEY; Pg. Cover

LENGTH: 737 words


A proposal to build 38 new senior affordable housing units at Seasons Senior
Affordable Housing Complex was approved by the Housing Advisory Committee, as
city officials look at ways to bring more affordable housing to the community.

According to Economic Development Director Douglas Dumhart, Buie/Stoddard
Properties, which owns the now vacant parcel on the northwest corner of Rancho
Viejo Road and Paseo Espada, has agreed to sell the property to the
redevelopment agency for the development of affordable housing.

The redevelopment agency and Buie/Stoddard have agreed to a $2.5 million price
tag for the property, Dumhart said.

Since the parcel is adjacent to the Seasons complex, officials have approached
them with the possibility of using the empty land to expand its facilities,
Dumhart said, a request that Seasons management has agreed to.

"It has been a successful project for us there, and we constantly have demands
for units in San Juan Capistrano," Dumhart said.

The city had hoped to use the land during the original construction of Seasons
in 1985, Dumhart said, but had been unable to come to an agreement with the
property owner.

Buie/Stoddard Properties purchased the vacant lot as part of the larger purchase
of Ortega Properties -- comprised of 38 acres on the east side of San Juan
Capistrano.

The plan calls for the redevelopment agency to re-sell the property to Seasons
for the same $2.5 million figure. Seasons has indicated to city officials that
they will require the contribution of the land, as well as a $2.39 million loan,
to move forward with the project.

According to a report presented to the committee, the loan, combined with the
$2.5 million price for the land, would total $4.9 million from the redevelopment
agency, or about $129,000 a unit. The report described the price as "reasonable
given today's market conditions."

Once the sale was complete, the plan calls for Seasons to construct a
multi-family affordable housing development for seniors, with a two-story,
38-unit apartment complex and a 38-space parking lot.

Ten of the new units would be set aside for lower income households -- earning
less than 60 percent of the areas median income -- and the other 28 would be
restricted to very low income households -- earning less than 50 percent of the
median income.

Tom Erickson, the Senior Vice President of Simpson Housing Solutions, who own
Seasons, said the company was happy to move forward with the project as soon as
possible, given the demand for senior housing in the area.

"The city is really driving this," Erickson said. "We are waiting for them to do
their part."

Although the plan would require the property to be re-zoned from its current
commercial designation to senior affordable housing, Dumhart said the change
would have little impact on the area, since it is already adjacent to Villa
Paloma, another senior affordable housing complex.

With the Housing Advisory Committee's approval, the proposal will be sent to the
city council for discussion at an upcoming meeting. Since an environmental
review must be completed prior to the item coming before the council, Dumhart
said it is tentatively planned for the Nov. 21 meeting.

"We're talking about it now, but it won't be available for probably two or three
years," Dumhart said. "This is just the first step in a long process."

Officials move to meet affordable housing goals

Recent development -- including Villa Paloma Senior Apartments, Casa de Amma
Assisted Living, and Little Hollywood Rental Units -- has brought 109 new
affordable housing units to San Juan Capistrano, Management Analyst Lynnette
Adolphson said, with 187 low and very low units still required by June 30, 2008.

In addition to the 38 units proposed in the Season's project, the city is also
working with Habitat for Humanity to develop 27 new multi-family affordable
housing units, and on a separate plan to construct ten more units in Little
Hollywood.

Adolphson also pointed to the proposed senior affordable units at San Juan Hills
Golf Course, and the possible development of currently vacant land at the
eastern border of the community, off of La Pata Road. The San Juan Hills
proposal will be decided by the voters in November, while the La Pata project is
currently on hold.

"We have 75 units on the drawing board moving forward," Dumhart said. "That
demonstrates good faith toward achieving these goals."

949-454-7329 or   semery@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2006 The Orange County Register (California)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             771 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Hutchinson News (Kansas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 28, 2016 Thursday

BRIEF: Newton gets first housing incentive district for apartment complex

BYLINE: The Hutchinson News, Kan.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 163 words


April 28--The Newton City Commission established a rural housing incentive
district for a planned multi-family housing development at Southeast 24th Street
and I-135 on Tuesday.

Rural housing incentive districts provide an alternative to special assessments
to pay for streets, sewer, water and other shared improvements in new housing
developments. Property taxes on the difference between the value of the bare
ground and the finished project are diverted to pay for those improvements.

The Cottonwood Crossing development will include 16 one-bedroom and 16
two-bedroom apartments and 10 three-bedroom duplex units with leases running
from $750 to $2,000. The developer, Heartland Housing Partners, has completed
other projects in McPherson, Liberal and Garden City.

This is Newton's first rural housing incentive district.

___ (c)2016 The Hutchinson News (Hutchinson, Kan.) Visit The Hutchinson News
(Hutchinson, Kan.) at www.hutchnews.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160428-VZ-BRF-Newton-gets-first-housing
-incentive-district-for-apartment-complex-0428-20160428

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VZ


                       Copyright 2016 The Hutchinson News


                             772 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Hutchinson News (Kansas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 27, 2016 Wednesday

BRIEF: Newton gets first housing incentive district for apartment complex

BYLINE: The Hutchinson News, Kan.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 163 words


April 27--Newton City Commission established a rural housing incentive district
for a planned multi-family housing development at Southeast 24th Street and
I-135 on Tuesday.

Rural housing incentive districts provide an alternative to special assessments
to pay for streets, sewer, water and other shared improvements in new housing
developments. Property taxes on the difference between the value of the bare
ground and the finished project are diverted to pay for those improvements.

The Cottonwood Crossing development will include 16 one-bedroom and 16
two-bedroom apartments and 10 three-bedroom duplex units with leases running
from $750 to $2,000. The developer, Heartland Housing Partners, has completed
other projects in McPherson, Liberal and Garden City.

This is Newton's first rural housing incentive district.

___ (c)2016 The Hutchinson News (Hutchinson, Kan.) Visit The Hutchinson News
(Hutchinson, Kan.) at www.hutchnews.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160427-VZ-BRF-Newton-gets-first-housing
-incentive-district-for-apartment-complex-0427-20160427

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VZ


                       Copyright 2016 The Hutchinson News


                             773 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                              July 27, 2014 Sunday

Marin housing plan paves way for apartments

BYLINE: By Nels Johnson njohnson@marinij.com @nelsjohnsonnews on Twitter

SECTION: MARIN; News

LENGTH: 805 words


County proposals promoting affordable housing in unincorporated communities
across Marin target sites in Mill Valley, San Rafael, Marin City and Fairfax for
low- and moderate-income development, urge policies accommodating multi-family
projects and call for study of rent control.

The latest housing program at the Civic Center will be aired at 5 p.m. Monday,
July 28, when the county Planning Commission convenes for the first of three
hearings on how to meet state housing requirements. Officials expect the
chambers to be packed.

"Unfortunately, housing is a divisive issue in our community," said county
principal planner Leelee Thomas. "We will have a big crowd."

"Any breach of single-family home zoning designations will lead to the rapid
urbanization of Marin," said Stephen Nestel, founder of savemarinwood.org .
"Every homeowner within a half mile of the 101 corridor should be alert to this
latest move by the county."

And Riley Hurd, an attorney for Strawberry homeowners concerned about housing
development, contended some staff proposals, including a bid to promote
multi-family development by all but banning residential development in some
areas, represents a "ticking time bomb."

A comprehensive staff report by Thomas and planner Alisa Stevenson notes that
state requirements indicate Marin's unincorporated areas need to provide for
potential development of 185 housing units, including 37 moderate and 87
lower-income units, through 2023. Although that's about a quarter of the 773
homes that were part of the county's controversial 2007-2014 housing plan, the
program is expected to generate continued concern in potential development
sites.

The staff report recommends three sites for lower-income units: 72 units at
Marinwood Village, 40 at Seminary Drive on the Golden Gate Baptist Theological
Seminary campus, and 40 at California Park near Woodland Avenue and Auburn
Street in San Rafael.

The Marinwood recommendation persists despite the ouster of Supervisor Susan
Adams, who championed an 82-unit plan including 72 lower-income units. San
Rafael City Councilman Damon Connolly, elected in June to replace Adams as
county supervisor next January, called for fewer units during his campaign, but
was short on specifics.

In addition, four sites are proposed for moderate-income units, including 10
units each at 217 Shoreline Highway and at 204 Flamingo Road, both in the Mill
Valley area, and at 2400 Sir Francis Drake Blvd. in Fairfax. Three moderate
units could be built at 150 Shoreline Highway, according to the report, which
also notes a number of second units could be built in various areas.

Further, 61 "above moderate income" units could be built, with 43 at Easton
Point on Paradise Drive in Tiburon, and another 10 at Marinwood Village, the
staff said.

Several alternatives are suggested, including one essentially repeating
proposals in the 2007-14 housing program adopted last year, and another that
calls for 60 lower-income units at the Baptist seminary, 50 at California Park
and 72 in Marinwood.

The planning report notes that the program merely identifies "opportunities for
housing development that already exist according to the countywide plan and
zoning" and that "regardless of whether housing sites are included in the next
housing element, they have potential to be developed subject to the county land
use authority."

Community Development Director Brian Crawford's staff also recommended a range
of actions promoting housing development, including study of whether
multi-family zoning should be "redistributed" to alternate locales "better
suited" and more capable of accommodating housing complexes.

Multi-family development should be required in multi-family zones, the staff
recommended, proposing a policy to "prohibit single family dwellings in
multi-family zones" unless director Crawford approves an exception.

Attorney Hurd called the policy "outrageous," saying it would ban single-family
homes in areas including portions of Paradise Drive and near Lucas Valley Road,
but planner Thomas said the policy merely says "we have a limited amount of
sites that can accommodate multi-family housing."

The staff also recommended study of "density equivalents" based on square
footage or bedroom counts, a move apparently encouraging more but smaller units;
community outreach to boost support of affordable housing; and increasing tenant
protections including study of rent control. Rent control emerged as an issue
during community meetings held during the spring, Thomas said, adding, "I
wouldn't call it a radical proposal."

Also recommended is consideration of creating a new county panel: The Marin
County Housing Equity Commission.

"The commission would study best practices, and take action to develop support
for housing for low and moderate income households in Marin," the staff said.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2014 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                             774 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Wilson Daily Times (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 18, 2013 Monday

Neighbors nervous about low-income rentals

BYLINE: Rochelle Moore, The Wilson Daily Times, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1077 words


Feb. 18--Kathryn Gray left California for a quieter life after finding one of
Wilson's historic homes for sale.

The move, which she made with her family, including a disabled son, was also an
effort to find a place where her son's sensitivity to noise would improve.

"During the past six months, he's improved," said Gray, who plans to soon move
into the historic 1898 Charles W. Gold House at 300 Vance St.

But that lifestyle, one that many historic homeowners have come to cherish,
could be disrupted by an influx of rental properties -- a concern that has
property owners and homeowners nervous about a proposed large-scale development
project.

"We buy our homes because we love our historic homes," Scott Tuzil said during a
Saturday meeting of the Old Wilson Neighbors Association with a developer from
the Landmark Group.

"We are over-inundated in our neighborhood with low-income housing," Tuzil said.
"Low-income housing brings in an element we don't want in our neighborhood."

The Winston-Salem-based Landmark Group is interested in taking 21 properties and
turning them into 77 rental units at scattered locations on Vance, Maplewood,
Jackson and Bragg streets, Tonya Haddock of the Landmark Group said. Some of the
properties would be rehabilitated, partly preserving the historic architecture,
some would be demolished and replaced with new housing and others would be new
construction.

"This is not HUD," Haddock said. "This is not public housing. These are people
who work. We are going to do a criminal and credit check."

The project, still in the proposal stage with the N.C. Housing Finance Agency,
represents a $9.2 million investment, with developers anticipating to pull in
most of the cost, $7.8 million, from the sale of tax credits, Haddock said. The
project and its financing structure involves a mix of apartments and other
multi-family properties that would be rented at low cost.

Veronica Creech, who has property investments in Wilson that include rental
properties, asked if the development could include mixed income. Creech said
that she and her business partner have had success in renting properties at a
market rate.

"We're glad we're on somebody's radar, but we don't want to sell our souls,"
Creech said. She also had questions about the use of local contractors and said
that property owners are cautious about projects that don't always turn out as
promised.

"This caution is reality-based," Creech said.

The project's tax credit structure requires low-income rental properties,
Haddock said.

"I've always felt the area needs owner-occupied housing," Lisa Anderson said.

Others said they'd prefer owner-occupied housing. Some said anything is better
than blighted, boarded-up properties and rentals are much better than boarding
houses.

"If not this, what are we going to do in these neighborhoods?" said Monty
Garrish. "These houses are not going anywhere. They're going to continue to go
down and down and down and crime is going to go up and up and up."

Henry Walston, a Nash Street property owner, walked through the neighborhood
Friday and talked with residents living in rental units who said their landlord
never invests in the property. He also said he had concerns about the future of
some of the properties that may continue to deteriorate.

"Many properties are just sitting there," Walston said. "I think it's important
to have a mix and diversity in your community. I just think we should give
Landmark a chance to do what they say they can do."

Tuzil was concerned that the development did not include architectural designs
that match the neighborhoods' historic nature.

"I would like to see more of a design that fits into the style of our homes,"
Tuzil said.

Haddock said that the Landmark Group already was looking at a substantial
investment that would become too costly if the properties were maintained at
historical levels.

"We are going to put $9.2 million in your neighborhood," Haddock said. "It will
not be what you want, but it will be better than what you have now."

Many of the properties selected for redevelopment or new construction are
boarded-up buildings, destroyed by fire or deteriorating with age. Several have
been on the market for sale but without an interested buyer or developer in
years.

The Anderson Apartments, along the 500 block of Vance Street, have remained
vacant and in disrepair for years. The Landmark Group plans to rehabilitate the
building. The group is also interested in restoring a house at 212 Vance St. and
converting it into a property management office with a playground. An old
convent on Bragg Street is also on the list for reuse and new construction.
Close to a dozen of the properties are located on Maplewood Street.

Jerome De Perlinghi, owner of one of Wilson's historic homes, said the project
would bring improvements to Wilson neighborhoods.

"It's going to be better than what it is now," he said. "You're going to wait
another 50 years for something like this."

Property taxes are not being paid and assessments are attached to many of the
properties, Haddock said. Rehab Builders plans to work on the project and is
expected to hire local subcontractors and buy local materials, Haddock said.
Landmark Property Management will serve as property manager for 30 years. The
apartments will be rented based on tenants' income.

One-bedroom apartments could range from $267 to $453 per month for individuals
making an annual salary of between $13,640 and $23,340. Two-bedroom apartments
would be priced at $307 to $530 for incomes ranging from about $15,000 to
$26,000, and three bedroom units would be priced at $343 to $600 a month for
incomes ranging from about $17,000 to $31,000.

The Landmark Group, which is competing for N.C. Housing Finance Agency approval,
will know in March if the project will be considered. A formal application would
be submitted in May and notification of approval would happen in August. If it's
approved, construction could start in 2014 and be complete in 2015.

All of the properties will be reviewed by the city of Wilson's Historic
Preservation Commission. The commission will review the properties during the
March 6 meeting at 5:30 p.m. in the City Hall council chambers. The HPC will
also consider each property and have public hearings in the month of April.

rochelle@wilsontimes.com -- 265-7818

___ (c)2013 The Wilson Daily Times (Wilson, N.C.) Visit The Wilson Daily Times
(Wilson, N.C.) at www.wilsontimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130218-ZW-Neighbors-nervous-about-low-income-rentals-0218-20130218

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZW


                     Copyright 2013 The Wilson Daily Times


                             775 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Montana Standard (Butte)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 10, 2010 Thursday

BRIEF: Housing Summit tonight

BYLINE: The Montana Standard, Butte

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 233 words


Jun. 10--Local Realtors, economists and county government officials will speak
tonight about affordable housing in Butte.

The summit will be June 10 at the Copper King Hotel and will include homebuyer
information, discussion on infrastructure and its effect on existing
neighborhoods, infill, financing, rental opportunities and zoning for
multi-family housing.

It will kick off with an informational trade show from 3 to 6 p.m., followed by
a question and answer session and lectures from 6 to9 p.m.

The featured speaker is Pat Barkey, director of the Bureau of Business and
Economic Research at the University of Montana.

Other speakers will include Butte-Silver Bow Chief Executive Paul Babb, county
community development director Karen Byrnes, Jeannene Maas of the Montana Board
of Housing, Jon Sesso and Steve Hess of the Butte-Silver Bow Planning
Department, Butte Chamber of Commerce Executive Director Marko Lucich and Andy
Zdinak of the Butte Local Development Corporation.

To see more of The Montana Standard, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.mtstandard.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Montana Standard, Butte
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100610-BU-BRF-Housing-Summit-tonight-0610

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BU


                      Copyright 2010 The Montana Standard


                             776 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            August 7, 2014 Thursday

North Dakota offers $900,000 in development funds

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 95 words


The North Dakota Housing Finance Agency is holding an application round for
about $900,000 in development funding.

The agency said Tuesday it's accepting applications for the development of
affordable multi-family housing for essential service workers in certain
communities. It's also open to development plans for low- to moderate-income
households throughout the state.

The application deadline is Sept. 30.

The money comes from the state Housing Incentive Fund. It has leveraged more
than $240 million for construction of 1,500 new rental units since 2011.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2014 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             777 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 16, 2014 Monday

Massachusetts: GOVERNOR PATRICK ANNOUNCES FUNDING TO SUPPORT NEW HOMEOWNERSHIP
OPPORTUNITIES ACROSS THE COMMONWEALTH

LENGTH: 1619  words

DATELINE: Boston


The Office of Governor, The State of Massachusetts has issued the following news
release:

Governor Deval Patrick today announced new support for homeownership
opportunities for first-time homebuyers across the Commonwealth, including the
production of new affordable homes and access to reduced-cost mortgages through
various lenders.  The announcement comes as 26 mortgage lenders and over 1,000
first time homebuyers have signed on and utilized the Mass Homeownership
Compact, a commitment among lenders to originate mortgage loans to first-time
home buyers with household incomes below the area median income.

"Investing in housing generates jobs, grows local businesses and strengthens our
communities," said Governor Patrick. "Supporting reasonably priced housing for
moderate and middle income families, along with our strategy of investing in
education, innovation and infrastructure, will fuel sustainable long term
economic growth."

The $9 million in funding, supported by the Affordable Housing Trust Fund and
the Housing Stabilization Fund, will create over 160 new affordable and market
rate homes across the Commonwealth. The funds allow the homes to be priced so
they are affordable to low and moderate income residents. Friday's announcement,
made at a Citizens Bank branch in Dorchester, marks the end of Commonwealth
Housing Week.

"Housing is the cornerstone to economic success in the Commonwealth and the
Massachusetts housing market is well on its way to being fully recovered," said
Aaron Gornstein, Undersecretary for the Department of Housing and Community
Development (DHCD). "Through key initiatives and collaborations across state
government, we continue to ensure a stable and robust housing market for our
neighbors and our communities."

In June 2013, Governor Patrick announced the Mass Mortgage Compact creating a
goal of providing 10,000 mortgage loans to first-time homebuyers over the next
five years. The Homeownership Compact includes a commitment among lenders to
originate mortgage loans to first-time home buyers with household incomes below
the area median income through the MassHousing and the Massachusetts Housing
Partnership programs.

Since its formation, 26 mortgage lenders have signed onto the Mass Homeownership
Compact, and over 1,000 loans have been made to low- and moderate-income
first-time homebuyers. Earlier this week, as part of Commonwealth Housing Week,
the Massachusetts Division of Banks awarded $1.5 million in grants to 11
regional foreclosure prevention centers and 10 individual/first-time
homeownership centers across the Commonwealth. The Division of Banks funds
first-time homeownership counseling programs and regional foreclosure
educational centers with administrative fees associated with the licensure of
mortgage loan originators.

"Grants like these help rebuild communities, help strengthen local housing
markets and advance the state's economic growth," said Undersecretary of
Consumer Affairs Barbara Anthony. "These grants, funded by fees paid by loan
originators, will go back into communities and help families that are in trouble
to help stabilize communities and to help first time homebuyers realize the
American dream of owning their own home."

"There continue to be pockets of distressed properties in certain communities
and neighborhoods that require ongoing attention and resources, which is why
foreclosure prevention and first time homebuyer education efforts are so
crucial," said Commissioner of Banks David J. Cotney. "Public-private
partnerships which allow for innovative ideas such as the compact and for us to
reinvest administrative fees directly into communities via grant money are truly
the foundation for a stronger housing market."

The following projects were issued homeownership grants today:

Parcel 24 South in Boston: New Boston Ventures and the Asian CDC will work
together to build 51 condominium units as part of the large-scale rental
-and-ownership project (One The Greenway) already in construction in Chinatown.
The DHCD-assisted homeownership units will be sold to eligible households with
incomes at or below 80 percent of the area median income (AMI) for Boston. In
addition to the DHCD award to the ownership component of this important
large-scale project, the City of Boston will provide substantial funds as part
of its continuing support for the redevelopment of Parcel 24.  Homeownership
counseling services will be made available to the buyers of the Parcel 24 South
condominiums.

Massachusetts Mental Health Association/Roxbury Tenants of Harvard in Boston:
This non-profit developer will construct a high-concept, mixed-use, rental and
ownership project on a prime site in the Longwood Medical area, with substantial
support from Brigham and Women's Hospital.  When completed, the project will
contain 145 total units, including 85 condominiums, with 43 condominiums
affordable to low or moderate income buyers.  The City of Boston also is
contributing significant funds to the project.  In addition to providing subsidy
to 43 of the condominiums, DHCD will award low-income housing tax credits and
additional subsidy funds to help support the affordable rental units to be built
as part of this innovative project.

Union Milford Homes in Lawrence:  Lawrence Community Works (LCW) will use
$450,000 in DHCD subsidy to construct three two-family ownership/rental units on
abandoned sites in the North Common neighborhood.  The new units will be built
near existing homeownership units funded by DHCD and built by LCW several years
ago.  All six new units will be available at sales or rental rates affordable to
households earning less than 80 percent of area median income.  The City of
Lawrence also will support the Union Milford homeownership initiative.
Homeownership counseling will be available to the new buyers both before and
after purchase.

Sachem's Path on Nantucket: The non-profit Housing Assistance Corporation (HAC),
working with Oxbow Associates, will use its award from DHCD to construct the
first phase of this Nantucket project. The DHCD award will support 16
homeownership units. The Town of Nantucket supported the project zoning under
Chapter 40b and also will provide the phases of Sachem's Path with approximately
$2.84 million in local funds. Pre- and post-purchase counseling will be
available to the Sachem's Path buyers.

Springfield Neighborhood Housing Services in Springfield:  Neighborhood Housing
Services of Springfield will use its DHCD award to help build six affordable
modular homeownership units in the Old Hill/Six Corners neighborhood of the city
- an area impacted by the June 2011 tornado. The city will convey several lots
to the NHS in support of this initiative. The NHS will provide counseling
services to new owners both before and after purchase.

In November 2012, Governor Patrick announced the Commonwealth's goal of creating
10,000 multi-family housing units per year. By creating this type of housing,
which is attractive to young families and individuals, Massachusetts is better
prepared to keep in state the skilled, young workforce for which employers are
looking.

Since 2007, Governor Patrick has worked with the Legislature and Congress to
direct over $1 billion in federal and state tax credits and state housing
program subsidies to projects that improve the state's affordable housing,
create jobs and build stronger communities. These investments have strengthened
Massachusetts in the near term and for the next generation, generating more than
14,000 jobs and 20,000 housing units.

Improving the housing stock at all levels is a priority for the Patrick
Administration. Along with creating new housing, the Administration has made
significant investments in the Commonwealth's public housing stock, by
preserving and improving the 46,000 housing units in the system through
increased capital funding, increased operating subsidies and changes in
management of those resources.

"The success of the Massachusetts Housing Compact is a great example of how
everyone benefits when the private sector, government and community
organizations work together to make neighborhoods vibrant and attract more
investment," said Jerry Sargent, President, Citizens Bank and RBS Citizens,
Massachusetts. "We at Citizens Bank are pleased to continue our commitment to
improving the economic health and vitality of our Commonwealth by leveraging our
strengths as a bank to encourage home-ownership."

"Santander is pleased to once again take part in the Massachusetts Homeownership
Compact with our commitment of $50 million in new lending each year through
2016," said Michael D. Bruno, Boston and Northern New England regional president
at Santander. "Our participation in this important initiative over the past 13
years has helped put affordable homeownership within reach of many deserving
families and individuals in communities across the Commonwealth."

The following lending institutions are participants in the Mass Homeownership
Compact:

Bay State Savings Bank
    Blue Hills Bank
    Boston Private Bank & Trust Company
    Cambridge Trust
    Chelsea Bank
    Citizens Bank
    Clinton Savings Bank
    Dedham Institution for Savings
    Eastern Bank
    Enterprise Bank
    First Citizens Federal Credit Union
    Freedom Credit Union
    Liberty Bay Credit Union
    Mechanics Cooperative Bank
    Middlesex Savings Bank
    Mortgage Master
    MountainOne Bank
    New England Moves Mortgage Company
    Pilgrim Bank
    Rockland Trust Company
    Santander
    Southern Mass Credit Union
    St. Mary's Credit Union
    The Savings Bank
    William Raveis Mortgage
    Winchester Cooperative Bank

For further information please visit: http://www.mass.gov/governor

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             778 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                     April 13, 2002 Saturday Final Edition

Gala honours top property managers

SOURCE: Calgary Herald

SECTION: New Condos; Pg. CS07

LENGTH: 261 words

Calgary's residential property management industry has honoured its own.

At its 2002 awards gala, the Calgary Apartment

Association presented

nine awards to members who have contributed to the industry in the past year.

"This awards program is one that is growing," says association executive officer
Gerry Baxter about the gala, which was held last weekend. "It's an attempt on
our part to recognize members who have contributed to the growth and betterment
of our industry."

- Denise Thorburn was presented with the Lifetime Achievement Award. Working for
O & Y Enterprises, Thorburn helped create a new Code of Ethical Principles that
the association has fully adopted.

- The Safe City Award was presented to Const. Gary Gaska of the Calgary Police
Service. Gaska, a community liaison officer in District 2, was involved in the
Crime-free Multi-Family Housing Program and helped implement the program in
three multi-family communities last year.

There were also two tenant service awards presented:

- Tenant service -- small building: Sylvia Barr, owner of Madison Terrace.

- Tenant service -- large building: Patricia Graham, resident manager of
Sunnyside Gardens.

Four Building of the Year awards were presented:

- One to 12 units -- Jim and Martha Walmer.

- 13 to 49 units -- Sunnyside Gardens.

- 50 to 100 units -- Chinook Gardens.

- 100-plus units -- Parkview Village.

The Gerry Lebsack Award for citizenship, service, leadership and contribution to
the industry went to Lou Pituello, sales manager for Homebase Media.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: Calgary Herald Archive; Calgary Apartment Association
head Gerry Baxter says the group's awards program is growing.

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             779 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Laurinburg Exchange, North Carolina

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 21, 2011 Thursday

Council vetoes housing complex

BYLINE: Scott Witten, The Laurinburg Exchange, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 805 words


April 21--The numbers for the proposed Greenway Residential Development in
Laurinburg were impressive.

The apartments would cost as much as $6 million to construct. The tax base for
the land where the complex would be located would jump from about $4,000 a year
to $40,000 and fees from city utilities would exceed $45,000 annually.

But dollar signs failed to sway the Laurinburg City Council Tuesday night.
Council voted unanimously to deny a conditional use request to develop the
56-unit multi-family housing complex near the Scotland Crossing Shopping Center.

Council members said they denied the request because the proposed two-and
three-bedroom townhouses would not be "in harmony" with the area, which is
mainly commercial.

"I think it is fantastic idea, but not here," said Council member Joy Ellison.

Council briefly considered tabling the request until next month, but went ahead
with Tuesday's vote when city officials learned that the development's
application deadline for financing was May 1.

The Laurinburg Planning Board gave its blessing to the project in a 5 to 2 vote
last month, but expressed concerns that the project would cause traffic
congestion and pose safety problems for children in the proposed development.

A lot of Tuesday's discussion was focused on who would be living in the
apartments -- mainly low-income residents. In exchange for federal tax credits
to build the complex, the developer agreed to make the units affordable for
those making significantly less than the median income. The annual salary for
renters would range between $20,000 and $32,500 depending on children.

"The elephant in the room is who will will be living here," said Bill Purcell,
attorney for Rock Hill, S.C. developer. "But these are assisted rentals, not
subsidized housing. Nobody is guaranteed the rent. If someone doesn't pay, they
get evicted."

Purcell said that there is a great need in Scotland County for such housing. He
said a recent study by the state showed that there would be least 400 people
that would still need housing once the proposed project was complete.

Purcell told council that the property owners -- Barbara Haney, Mike and Carol
Haney, Tommy and Sarah Williams, Carol and Mike Coughenour and Bob and Patricia
Lowrance -- have been trying for 18 years to attract a retail buyer for the
9.7-acre site.

"The planners have found a good use for it," Purcell said. "It has not attracted
any interest and does not seem to be a great site for a restaurant or for
retail."

Purcell added that the mult-million dollar project would benefit the city.
Laurinburg could have applied for a $250,000 Community Development Block Grant
to extend utilities and sidewalks to the complex. As part of the grant, the
developer would have to pay the city about $12,000 a year.

"You increase the tax base, utilities are extended and you are getting some
money back too," Purcell said.

Council Kenton Spenser disagreed, calling the apartments, "a way to turn a quick
buck," but not a long-term solution to Laurinburg's economic growth. He said the
city would never attract major retailers and restaurants by filling commercial
areas with assisted housing.

Councilman Herbert Rainer called the situation "bittersweet."

"It is sad, but it is also a sign of the times," Rainer said. "People can't
afford to buy house, so this is the type of housing that they can afford."

Laurinburg businessman Bill Morgan was the only resident to speak in opposition
to the project. Morgan told council that it is difficult for small real estate
agents like himself to compete with housing projects receiving state and federal
help.

"To say that this is not a subsidized project is not true," Morgan said. "It is
subsidized by the government from the very beginning. I have rental property and
have to compete with the federal, state and local governments. it is not fair."

In other business, the council approved a request for conditional use permit for
the operation of sports bar-private club at 228 North Main Street. Henry Llyod
is would operate the club.

"Mr. Llyod has been a businessman for the last 20 years," said Councilman Curtis
Leak. "I'm glad that he wants to do something on the north side of town."

Also Tuesday, the council:

-- Authorized an agreement with the state DOT to make repairs to Bridge 39 over
US 74 business. and NC 79 on US 15-501 in Laurinburg. The state will pay for the
work.

-- Awarded a contract for auditing services to Gustaf C. Lundin and Company of
Laurinburg for the 2010-2011 financial records

To see more of The Laurinburg Exchange, go to
http://www.laurinburgexchange.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Laurinburg Exchange,
N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110421-1LX-Council-vetoes-housing-complex-0421-20110421

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LX


                                 Copyright 2011


                             780 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New York Observer

                            April 16, 2014 Wednesday

The Durst Organization Sued by U.S. Attorney's Office Over Inaccessible
Buildings

BYLINE: kvelseyobserver

LENGTH: 791 words


The U.S. Attorney's Office has filed suit against The Durst Organization, the
second major New York developer to come within the cross hairs of a federal
government in a dispute over what does and should constitute accessible housing.

The Helena, which the federal government claims is inaccessible.

The U.S. Attorney's Office has filed suit against The Durst Organization, the
second major New York developer to come within the cross hairs of the federal
government in a dispute over what does and should constitute accessible housing.
The federal government alleges that Durst "has engaged in a pattern and practice
of developing rental apartment buildings that are inaccessible to persons with
disabilities." Also named in the suit are The Helena Associates and FXFOWLE
Architects, who designed the Helena, a 595-unit rental building in Hell's
Kitchen that is at the center of the lawsuit.

Durst, along with many of the other largest developers in the city, built the
Helena and other buildings in compliance with what is known as Local Law 58, a
1987 city law that preceded the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 and was
thought to be, by many in the New York real estate community, more stringent,
particularly after it was updated to meet new guidelines in 2008. However, the
federal government has taken the position that developments built to meet the
requirements set out by Local Law 58 are inaccessible to people with
disabilities and that buildings' kitchens and bathrooms must be renovated to
better accommodate wheelchiars.

This afternoon, the Durst Organization pushed back against the allegations,
arguing that developments built to the city code satisfy the guidelines set out
by the Fair Housing Act and Department of Housing and Urban Development.

"For the last 23 years, all multi-family residential construction in New York
City has conformed to the Federal Fair Housing Act by adhering to the City's
Code which satisfies HUD guidelines," the company wrote in a statement. "DOJ is
now alleging that New York's code is deficient; this impacts 175,000 units of
housing built since 1991 and creates chaos for the development of new units. In
addition, in the eight years since The Helena opened, Durst has not received a
single complaint from a resident regarding accessibility."

To bolster its argument, Durst pointed to HUD guidelines, which stipulate that
"if a state of unit of general local government has incorporated into its laws
the requirements set forth... compliance with such laws shall be deemed to
satisfy the requirements of that paragraph."

The suit against Durst was preceded by letters that were sent to dozens of
Manhattan developers in 2008, threatening legal action if fines were not paid
and modifications made. Since then, both AvalonBay and Friedland
Properties/Costas Kondylis have settled with the federal government. But other
developers say that earlier attempts to reach agreements have proven fruitless
as the federal government has grown increasingly demanding.

Last month, the federal government sued the Related companies, as well as Robert
A.M. Stern and Ismael Levya Architects, over allegedly-inaccessible developments
in Battery Park City and Carnegie Hill. At the time, Related sounded a defiant
note, writing in a statement that the company was "disappointed by the fact that
we have been unable to reach agreement with the U.S. Attorneys' office
respecting the subject matter of the complaint, especially given our long-time
commitment to accommodating disabilities... We have labored in good faith to
reach a resolution, going substantially beyond what we felt was legally
required."

Though a short time later the U.S. Attorney's office asked the judge in the case
to delay a hearing because it was in "intensive settlement negotiations" with
the developer, suggesting that Related was very much amenable to trying again.

The Durst lawsuit focuses on the Helena, a LEED-certified rental tower built in
2005, and alleges that "unless Durst's discriminatory practices are enjoined,
the inaccessible conditions at the Helena will likely be repeated in current
projects, including rental complexes at 855 Avenue of the Americas and on West
57th Street between 11th and 12th Avenues."It is unclear if the de Blasio
administration will attempt to intercede on behalf of developers and defend the
validity of Local Law 58-the Observer is still awaiting a response to its
request for comment. Under Mayor Bloomberg, the city attempted to resolve the
dispute, with corporation counsel Micahel Cardozo urging the U.S. Attorney's
Office in a letter to consider that "in the opinion of the city of New York,
compliance with New York City Local Law 58 of 1987 satisfies the Fair Housing
Act requirements."


LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Observer, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             781 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Albert Lea Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 21, 2014 Wednesday

Planning commission gives nod to bank building plans

BYLINE: Sarah Stultz, Albert Lea Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 529 words


May 21--The Albert Lea Planning Commission on Tuesday gave the go-ahead to the
proposed development announced last week in the Freeborn National Bank and
Jacobson Apartments buildings.

In what was a 4-2 vote, the commission voted to move the project forward to the
Albert Lea City Council for a public hearing at its meeting next Tuesday.

The commission looked at whether the development proposal -- for 21 multi-family
housing units in the upper floors and the Albert Lea Art Center on the main
floor -- followed the city's vision for the downtown as identified in the
comprehensive plan.

Clint Jayne of Kansas-based developer Cohen-Esrey said the project would not be
subsidized housing but would be income limited -- meaning only residents who
make up to a certain amount of income would be allowed to live there. The
apartments would be a flat $460 a month for a one-bedroom unit and $540 a month
for a two-bedroom.

The company would pay for the project using both historic and housing tax
credits. Jayne said the project is contingent on the award of the housing tax
credits, but if the project does not get the credits in the first application,
he will reapply until they are awarded.

The goal is to close on the sale of the property, at the corner of Broadway and
William Street, by January 2015, with construction to be completed in September
or October of the same year, if the tax credits are awarded during the first
round.

Jayne said there is a possibility the apartments could go from income limited to
market rate after 15 years in operation, but this would depend on market
conditions at that point.

A few of the commissioners asked whether having the Art Center on the first
floor of the building was the best option, and Jayne said he thought doing so
would give the most flexibility for community use. Residents could rent portions
of the main floor for events, with the Art Center being in charge of rentals.

Commissioner Doug Olson questioned whether having the Art Center on the first
floor would drive people downtown.

He and Chairman Jon Murray ultimately voted against the proposal.

The Freeborn National Bank was built in 1922. It was originally constructed as a
bank on the first floor and medical and professional offices in the upper
floors. The Jacobson's first two floors were constructed in 1888, and the two
upper floors were added in 1923. The buildings share a staircase and elevator.

The two buildings have been under city ownership since 1998.

In 2007, the city spent about $2 million to restore the exterior of the Bank
Building, including tuck-pointing, a new roof, a skylight and new water, sewer
and electrical service to the buildings, among other improvements. Inside, crews
have cleaned out asbestos, filled in the basement and taken out a majority of
the plumbing.

A developer would need to replace electrical, plumbing and heating and air
conditioning, among other improvements.

At one point, city officials estimated renovations would cost another $4 million
to $6 million.

___ (c)2014 the Albert Lea Tribune (Albert Lea, Minn.) Visit the Albert Lea
Tribune (Albert Lea, Minn.) at www.albertleatribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140521-1AL-Planning-commission-gives-nod-to-bank-building-plans-0521-20140521

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AL


                       Copyright 2014 Albert Lea Tribune


                             782 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 30, 2017 Monday

California: A new use for old shipping containers: housing for veterans

LENGTH: 936  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: The State of California has issued the following news release:



   Builders in Orange County are using an innovative approach to solve the
long-running problem of homelessness among veterans. They're transforming old
shipping containers into new, permanent homes.





 The 16-unit apartment complex uses 54 recycled shipping containers that have
been redesigned so each apartment has a kitchen, bathroom and living space. When
finished, the project, called Potter's Lane, will have two stories with a
balcony, stairs, and a courtyard. And each 480-square-foot apartment will house
a veteran who is coming off the streets.



 "We got the design ready, we hired our architect, and as we went through the
process found out that this was going to be the first multi-family project in
the nation that was going to be built with recycled shipping containers for
homeless," said Donna Gallup, the president of American Family Housing, the
non-profit overseeing the project.
 "We designed the project specifically to meet the needs of homeless veterans,"
Gallup said. That means a U-shaped design that seeks to balance privacy with
collective living.



 "We're hoping that it will build community, reduce isolation, and help them
feel like they're a part of something bigger," said Gallup. "Hopefully, it will
lead to some very successful long-term permanent housing."



 The timing of the project, from design to finish, came in at about a year, and
the speed is one of the reasons builders chose recycled shipping containers.



 Last year, the non-profit won a $1.8 million housing loan from the State of
California Department of Housing and Community Development and the California
Department of Veterans Affairs to start the project. The shipping containers
went to a manufacturer to be redesigned in May and were ready to install on the
building site by September.



 Gallop said the containers are energy-efficient, with strong steel sides that
won't need a lot of upkeep and long windows on the sides to let in sunlight.



 "It's especially important now because of the tremendous demand for
zero-bedroom and one-bedroom units in the area and the shortage that we're
experiencing currently," said John Hambuch, housing assistance manager for the
Orange County Housing Authority, a partner in the project.



 His office receives 19-25 referrals a month from the U.S. Department of
Veterans Affairs, about 70 percent of whom are looking for single-bedroom
apartments or studios.
 Veterans who are eligible can receive housing vouchers to help pay for the
rent, but the tight private market makes it hard to place many of them, said
Marie Vu, who works with the Veterans Affairs Supportive Housing, or VASH
program, in Orange County. There's also a four-month window of eligibility, so
without an extension, the tight timeline makes finding a rental space in the
private market tough.



 The Potter's Lane project aims to close this gap.



 Counselors from the VA and American Family Housing will have offices on site so
they can keep track of how veterans are adjusting and troubleshoot any problems
that come up.



 "We don't want to just get them into a unit and then say goodbye," said
Hambuch. "We want to be able to ensure that they'll be there successfully."



 The veterans homeless population in Southern California has decreased in recent
years. In Los Angeles County, the number of homeless veterans dropped by 30
percent last year from 2015, according to the Los Angeles Homeless Services
Authority. But the problem has persisted.



 Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti had to back away from a pledge to end veterans
homelessness by 2015, after the year concluded with veterans still on the
streets. He's since called the issue his "highest priority," though he's
refrained from putting a new date on the goal.



 In January, during a visit to Los Angeles, then-VA Secretary Robert McDonald
called Los Angeles his "greatest challenge" in ending veterans homelessness.



 "The scale here is just so large," said McDonald. "There's not a lot of low
cost living here, so we need creative solutions."
 Most recent estimates put the homeless veteran population in L.A. and Orange
Counties at about 3,500, though officials like Hambuch at Orange County Housing
Authority caution that the counts could be low.



 One of the veterans getting ready to move in to Potter's Lane is Jimmy
Palmiter, a 59-year-old Army veteran. He heard of the project from a VA
counselor, but was wary at first.



 "I had my misgivings; I wasn't quite sure until I saw the place," said
Palmiter, who was unfamiliar with the area.



 Palmiter said he's been homeless for about four-and-a-half years, living mostly
in cars, with his dog, Fifi. On a recent visit to the site, he held Fifi in his
arms as he stood outside an unfinished apartment. Plastic sheeting still covered
the kitchen counter-tops and electrical wires hung from the ceiling as two
workers prepped the walls for a new coat of paint.



 But the home was coming together.



 "This is just gorgeous, and one of these apartments is mine," said Palmiter.



 As he spoke, he leaned on a cane, still recovering from a fall three years ago
that shattered his right hip and ended his sporadic construction work.



 "Now I'm just trying to live a life with as little pain as possible," he said.



 He's scheduled to move in by February 8, just three days before his birthday.



 "I'll be 60 years old next month and it's time for me to get off the street,"
he said, gazing at the shipping container-turned apartment.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             783 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          The York Dispatch (York, PA)

                            September 2, 2005 Friday

License battle looming

BYLINE: DAINA KLIMANIS The York Dispatch

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 640 words

DATELINE: City group home operators say the legislation would hamper the
operation of alcohol


The York City Council is set to consider a major redraft of the city's housing
code -- one that would establish new licensing requirements for group homes and
other dwelling types.

Council President Cameron Texter, who authored the legislation, said the
restrictions would help the city better regulate rental properties.

and drug-recovery homes and violate provisions of the Fair Housing Act.

The proposed code is on the agenda for Tuesday's council meeting, when the
council will likely refer it to a committee, Texter said.

Currently, the city housing code defines a residential structure as one of three
things: a rooming house, a multi-family dwelling or a single-family dwelling.
The proposed code revision would establish categories more in line with the city
zoning code, such as hotel/motel, or a bed and breakfast.

Each use would have specific licensing requirements, a provision Texter said is
necessary for public safety.

"We need to know exactly what they are, so that if a fire or what-have-you
happens, so the fire department knows exactly what they're dealing with," Texter
said.

Some argue discrimination: But some group home operators have said the proposed
regulations discriminate against a protected class: the disabled.

The Fair Housing Act and the Americans with Disabilities Act both define
recovering alcoholics and drug addicts as people with disabilities protected by
the acts, according to Department of Justice online publications.

Previously, the city had complied with the Fair Housing Act by treating group
homes the same as single-family homes. But that is unnecessary, an employee of
the federal Department of Housing and Urban Development told city officials in
June of last year.

"We're well within our rights to license them so we know where they are," Texter
said.

Not everyone agrees, including the Rev. Jim Wardrop, a licensed addiction
counselor
 who oversees three recovery homes in the city.

Wardrop says he plans to contest the code change, legally if necessary, if the
council passes restrictions that treat a group home less favorably than
single-family residences.

Under the new regulations, group homes would require:

---An annual inspection,

---A detailed plan describing admission procedures,

---A plan establishing arrangements to transfer any discharged person to another
program or person.

Should be in place: These are things a legitimate operation should have in place
already, Texter said. Providing for discharged people is especially important,
because people come to York for treatment and might suddenly find themselves out
on the street and far from home.

Market Street resident Larry Homsher, who lives near a group home, said he has
seen that happen.

"We've had people that were discharged from the home, and they come knocking on
our door saying, 'We need money for a bus ticket to XYZ, because I'm not allowed
to stay here anymore,'" Homsher said.

Homsher has in the past sought to bring group homes to the attention of the city
council, and he said the homes need regulation not only to make sure they are
safe, but to make sure they give recovering addicts adequate support.

But Wardrop said requiring group homes to get help for people who don't follow
the home's rules is unrealistic and unfairly restrictive.

"Does a landlord find someone else a place when they evict them?" Wardrop asked.
"It's just ridiculous."

Wardrop said the city needs regulations to stop landlords who pack rental units
and call it a group home without providing support services.

But for group homes that do provide support services, Wardrop says the city
would do better to work with homes instead of restricting them, perhaps
establishing a board to encourage good practices.

--Reach Daina Klimanis at 505-5439 or dklimanis@yorkdispatch.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                             784 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            October 29, 2010 Friday

No on Question 2

BYLINE: Editorial

SECTION: EDITORIALS

LENGTH: 429 words


Saturday October 30, 2010

The lack of affordable housing hinders economic development in Berkshire County
as employers are less likely to expand or move into a region if their employees
cannot readily found affordable places in which to live. The state's housing
law, Chapter 40B, which has helped alleviate this problem, is under assault in
the form of a ballot question that misrepresents the law. Question 2 calling for
repeal of the law should be defeated.

There would have been no need for 40B to be passed in 1969 if so many
communities around the state had not established zoning laws that discouraged
new housing, in many cases of out a bias against those with low incomes. In
today's society, with the growing gap between the rich and the middle class,
more and more families need affordable housing, and 40B is needed more than ever
to provide it.

Chapter 40B allows developers to bypass zoning laws if at least 20 to 25 percent
of the units in their developments are affordable to those making 80 percent or
less than the median income in the state. Communities are exempt from 40B once
10 percent of their units meet affordability guidelines, which undermines the
argument of advocates of Question 2 that 40B will bury towns and cities in
multi-family dwellings. Profit restrictions in 40B discourage developers from
pushing for affordable housing simply to make money.

Roughly 50,000 homes have been produced under 40B, with the Hillside Avenue
Housing rental development in Great Barrington developed by the Community
Development Corporation of South Berkshire on a site donated by the town
providing an excellent example of this valuable program. Roughly 11,000 more
homes ready for construction under 40B will go unbuilt should the housing law be
repealed. If first-time home buyers want to stay in Berkshire communities they
grow up in, if senior citizens want to stay in the Berkshire communities they
have always lived in, many will need the help Chapter 40B was designed to
provide and has provided Massachusetts for decades.

More than 1,000 groups have come out against the repeal, among them religious
organizations, mayors and selectmen, environmental organizations, seniors and
veterans organizations, business groups and health and human services agencies.
This broad-based coalition realizes there is a need for affordable housing and
knows that 40B plays a critical role in assuring that it is built. This is just
another in a long line of special interest ballot questions that afflict the
state every two years. The Eagle endorses a No vote on Question 2.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             785 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                            Fresno Housing Authority

                                1331 Fulton Mall
                               Fresno,  CA 93721
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (559) 443-8400
URL: www.fresnohousing.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 375

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The Fresno Housing Authority is a public agency that helps more than 16,000
low and moderate income families, including seniors and the disabled, afford
safe and decent housing.  What does the Housing Authority do?  It administers
diverse affordable housing and homeless programs funded by the U.S. Office of
Housing and Urban Development (HUD), the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA),
and the State of California. The agency's mission is to build strong communities
by providing quality housing and empowerment opportunities to eligible
individuals and families in partnership with community resource providers.  How
does the Housing Authority help Fresno residents afford decent housing?  The
Housing Authority manages a variety of programs that help offset the housing
costs confronted by Fresno residents with incomes substantially below the local
median income. In addition to rental assistance, the Housing Authority operates
programs that help qualified Fresno residents purchase a first home or repair
existing homes. The Housing Authority works with nonprofit and for-profit
developers to expand the supply of affordable housing and also purchases and
manages numerous affordable multi-family housing developments throughout the
city and county. Additionally, the Housing Authority trains residents to improve
their employability through programs such as Family Self Sufficiency (FSS).  Who
is in charge of the Fresno Housing Authority?  The Fresno Housing Authority is
led by two Boards

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             786 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Odessa American (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 14, 2014 Friday

Monahans to get affordable housing

BYLINE: Corey Paul, Odessa American, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 487 words


Feb. 14--Monahans is on track to win state tax credits for an apartment building
that will offer affordable housing for families as town residents struggle with
rising rents during the oil boom.

The apartment project, called "Mission Village of Monahans," was the only one
from rural West Texas submitted to the Texas Department of Housing and Community
Affairs' Housing Tax Credit Program, which aims to direct private investment
toward affordable rental housing.

The real estate developer Commonwealth Management Corporation submitted the
application in January for about $500,000 in annual credits over a
10-year-period, said Michael Ash, a Commonwealth vice president based in Irving.

Commonwealth's plans call for 49 two- and three-bedroom apartment units with all
but five designated as affordable housing, with rents ranging mid-$200 to the
mid-$600 range, Ash said. Tenants' rents under the program are determined based
on their income and family size.

The development will be on about 14 acres southeast of Sealy and James avenues.
Construction is expected to begin in late winter or early spring of 2015.

The real estate developer's application to the state was endorsed by the Midland
City Council and the Monahans Chamber of Commerce, whose economic development
director Morse Haynes said he helped scout a location for the project.

Haynes said Monahans' housing strain mirrors Odessa's and Midlands, with single
apartments running $1,200 or more and travel trailers and mobile homes between
$800 and $1,000 a month. So beyond the Commonwealth project, there is a broader
need for more housing continues, he said.

"But there's a lot of people that work in stores and restaurants and, of course,
village farms, the 30 acre greenhouse," Haynes said. "I think it is important
for all these sectors of business to give them a place -- at least the option of
a place -- to live."

The poverty rate is 5.6 percent in Monahans, according to state data.

Last year, Commonwealth developers won tax credits for a 60-unit multi-family
affordable housing complex in Pecos. Construction should begin in March on the
complex at Texas and Washington streets, Ash said.

Pecos and Monahans are classified as rural areas under the program, while
Odessa, Midland and San Antonio are considered urban and receive tax credits
under a separate application. Commonwealth developers have looked in Odessa and
Midland, Ash said, but struggled with the cost structure of the land. Each year
in West Texas, generally one rural and one urban area gets a project.

"I think the need is there," Ash said. "And I think the opportunity is different
than the need just because there are limits on the number of tax credits."

Contact Corey Paul on Twitter @OAcrime on Facebook at OA Corey Paul or call
432-333-7768.

___ (c)2014 the Odessa American (Odessa, Texas) Visit the Odessa American
(Odessa, Texas) at www.oaoa.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140214-OD-Monahans-to-get-affordable-housing-0214-20140214

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OD


                         Copyright 2014 Odessa American


                             787 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  New Orleans City Business (New Orleans, LA)

                            December 3, 2010 Friday

Advocates say affordable housing still needed on New Orleans North Shore

BYLINE: David Muller

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 936  words


Five years ago Hurricane Katrina refugees moving to St. Tammany Parish helped
spur new home construction while driving up real estate prices. While that
market was being overbuilt, there was a call for more work force housing, or
places for teachers, servers, bank tellers and other working-class citizens to
live.

Much has changed in the half-decade since, but the need for affordable housing
remains.

"It's a significant issue for us in terms of quality of life," says Ed Bee,
treasurer of the North Shore Housing Initiative, a group aimed at adding more
affordable housing to the parish. "Clearly you can't have a vibrant parish
economically if you can't have housing for people who work in the parish. "

Just before the parish started to become aware of the overstock of homes and
commercial real estate in 2007, it had a study done that looked at a need for
work force housing. The report said that by 2010, the parish would need 11,000
more affordable housing units to provide homes for a growing population of low-
and moderate-income workers.

The main barriers the parish faced in getting affordable housing included a
higher cost of living, strict zoning laws that were unfriendly to apartment
complexes, general public opposition to such developments and high real estate
prices, the report states.

Zoning laws have since been changed, parish planning director Sidney Fontenot
says, and the changes made to the code from 2007 to 2009 make development in the
parish easier.

"Very little of substantial development was allowed by the writing in the old
zoning," he says.

Fontenot says more codes have been added to allow for more diversity in the
parish's development, and it allows for easier development on smaller parcels.

"We're progressively seeing a greater market for smaller parcels," Fontenot
says.

Housing values have dropped since 2007 - some have plummeted - though they
remain high in many parts of the mostly suburban parish.

Parish median home prices were about $170,000 in east St. Tammany and about
$240,000 in west St. Tammany in 2007. In 2010, the median prices have ranged
from $145,000 to $160,000 in the eastern part of the parish and from $187,000 to
$250,000 in the western part, according to the Gulf South Real Estate
Information Network.

At the same time, average rent prices are $959, above the greater New Orleans
area average of $844, according to a Greater New Orleans Multi-Family Report by
the Multi-Family Advisory Group.

Public opposition to multifamily housing developments remains in some parts of
the parish.

Developer Pat Miramon says a group of people from nearby subdivisions fought a
plan for 50- and 75-unit apartment buildings in Slidell last Spring.

"It's the same old story," he says, adding that increased traffic and perceived
drainage problems were the main concerns among nearby homeowners. In the 2008
consolidated report, the group studying the parish found that increased crime,
traffic and drainage issues were the primary reasons some residents remained
opposed to multifamily housing being built.

Miramon was able to get apartment developments approved - they're under
construction now on Military Road in Slidell - but only after addressing some of
those concerns.

"The homeowners today fight everything," he says. "Anybody trying to do anything
in St. Tammany Parish, the homeowners fight. "

But aside from the two apartment buildings he has underway, Miramon has no other
developments in the works.

"The market is too slow, business is too bad," Miramon says. In his opinion, the
stagnancy will be around for another two to three years.

"The rental market is going to continue to grow because people can't afford
homes," Miramon says.

He said the 2,500 projected foreclosures for St. Tammany Parish this year
underscore his point, adding that the inventory of available homes will have a
negative effect on values.

The most recent 2010 Greater New Orleans Multi-Family Report states, "Western
St. Tammany is the only other submarket which is adding any significant new
units to inventory. " The report notes that recently finished developments such
as Chapel Creek in Mandeville and Palmetto Greens in Covington will add 140 and
160 units, respectively. Abita View in Covington, nearing completion, will add
another 140 units.

Other developments are being considered for the parish, but tight credit remains
a large hurdle, the report says.

The Groves in Covington will add 129 units - a mix of single-family with some
multifamily units in north Covington. The project is a joint partnership between
Volunteers of America and St. Tammany West Habitat for Humanity and is expected
to be finished by next fall.

In June 2008, Neighborhood Housing Services Northshore opened its offices in the
parish. The organization provides pre-purchase counseling to families, money
management classes and foreclosure prevention education. Program director Vera
Clay says the organization has helped about 50 families move toward home
ownership.

In another attempt to tackle affordable housing, the Northshore Community
Foundation put up a grant of $30,000 and partnered with Habitat for Humanity St.
Tammany West and the Northshore Housing Initiative, which matched the grant and
established the state's first community land trust. North Shore Housing director
Karl Zollinger says planning will turn to implementation in January, when the
group will buy land and develop it to offer long-term leases at affordable
prices.

All efforts need to continue, Zollinger says.

"When Chevron moved over, one of their first questions was, 'Where are our
clerical people going to live?'" Zollinger says.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             788 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               CityBusiness North Shore Report (New Orleans, LA)

                           December 1, 2010 Wednesday

Advocates say affordable housing still needed on the North Shore despite zoning
changes, real estate market decline

BYLINE: David Muller

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 940  words


Five years ago Hurricane Katrina refugees moving to St. Tammany Parish helped
spur new home construction while driving up real estate prices. While that
market was being overbuilt, there was a call for more work force housing, or
places for teachers, servers, bank tellers and other working-class citizens to
live. Much has changed in the half-decade since, but the need for affordable
housing remains.

"It's a significant issue for us in terms of quality of life," says Ed Bee,
treasurer of the North Shore Housing Initiative, a group aimed at adding more
affordable housing to the parish. "Clearly you can't have a vibrant parish
economically if you can't have housing for people who work in the parish. " Just
before the parish started to become aware of the overstock of homes and
commercial real estate in 2007, it had a study done that looked at a need for
work force housing. The report said that by 2010, the parish would need 11,000
more affordable housing units to provide homes for a growing population of low-
and moderate-income workers. The main barriers the parish faced in getting
affordable housing included a higher cost of living, strict zoning laws that
were unfriendly to apartment complexes, general public opposition to such
developments and high real estate prices, the report states. Zoning laws have
since been changed, parish planning director Sidney Fontenot says, and the
changes made to the code from 2007 to 2009 make development in the parish
easier. "Very little of substantial development was allowed by the writing in
the old zoning," he says. Fontenot says more codes have been added to allow for
more diversity in the parish's development, and it allows for easier development
on smaller parcels. "We're progressively seeing a greater market for smaller
parcels," Fontenot says. Housing values have dropped since 2007 - some have
plummeted - though they remain high in many parts of the mostly suburban parish.
Parish median home prices were about $170,000 in east St. Tammany and about
$240,000 in west St. Tammany in 2007. In 2010, the median prices have ranged
from $145,000 to $160,000 in the eastern part of the parish and from $187,000 to
$250,000 in the western part, according to the Gulf South Real Estate
Information Network. At the same time, average rent prices are $959, above the
greater New Orleans area average of $844, according to a Greater New Orleans
Multi-Family Report by the Multi-Family Advisory Group. Public opposition to
multifamily housing developments remains in some parts of the parish. Developer
Pat Miramon says a group of people from nearby subdivisions fought a plan for
50- and 75-unit apartment buildings in Slidell last Spring. "It's the same old
story," he says, adding that increased traffic and perceived drainage problems
were the main concerns among nearby homeowners. In the 2008 consolidated report,
the group studying the parish found that increased crime, traffic and drainage
issues were the primary reasons some residents remained opposed to multifamily
housing being built. Miramon was able to get apartment developments approved -
they're under construction now on Military Road in Slidell - but only after
addressing some of those concerns. "The homeowners today fight everything," he
says. "Anybody trying to do anything in St. Tammany Parish, the homeowners
fight. " But aside from the two apartment buildings he has underway, Miramon has
no other developments in the works. "The market is too slow, business is too
bad," Miramon says. In his opinion, the stagnancy will be around for another two
to three years. "The rental market is going to continue to grow because people
can't afford homes," Miramon says. He said the 2,500 projected foreclosures for
St. Tammany Parish this year underscore his point, adding that the inventory of
available homes will have a negative effect on values. The most recent 2010
Greater New Orleans Multi-Family Report states, "Western St. Tammany is the only
other submarket which is adding any significant new units to inventory. " The
report notes that recently finished developments such as Chapel Creek in
Mandeville and Palmetto Greens in Covington will add 140 and 160 units,
respectively. Abita View in Covington, nearing completion, will add another 140
units. Other developments are being considered for the parish, but tight credit
remains a large hurdle, the report says. The Groves in Covington will add 129
units - a mix of single-family with some multifamily units in north Covington.
The project is a joint partnership between Volunteers of America and St. Tammany
West Habitat for Humanity and is expected to be finished by next fall. In June
2008, Neighborhood Housing Services Northshore opened its offices in the parish.
The organization provides pre-purchase counseling to families, money management
classes and foreclosure prevention education. Program director Vera Clay says
the organization has helped about 50 families move toward home ownership. In
another attempt to tackle affordable housing, the Northshore Community
Foundation put up a grant of $30,000 and partnered with Habitat for Humanity St.
Tammany West and the Northshore Housing Initiative, which matched the grant and
established the state's first community land trust. North Shore Housing director
Karl Zollinger says planning will turn to implementation in January, when the
group will buy land and develop it to offer long-term leases at affordable
prices. All efforts need to continue, Zollinger says. "When Chevron moved over,
one of their first questions was, 'Where are our clerical people going to
live?'" Zollinger says.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             789 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             May 14, 2016 Saturday

DEED awards are in: Money to aid in housing rehabilitation

BYLINE: Julie Buntjer, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 827 words


May 14--WORTHINGTON -- Four area communities will get hundreds of thousands of
dollars to use toward housing rehabilitation after being awarded grants from the
Minnesota Department of Employment and Economic Development (DEED). In all, 32
Minnesota communities will share in $17.87 million in grants.

DEED awarded the funding under its Small Cities Development Program, which
provides financial support for housing, public infrastructure and commercial
rehabilitation projects in cities and counties statewide.

Fulda City Clerk Julie Burchill said that city is "super excited" to get the
grant and be able to help Fulda residents make improvements to their homes.

"It's good for our local contractors, our local businesses -- we have a
lumberyard here," Burchill said. The $425,500 grant awarded to the community
will focus on owner-occupied housing rehabilitation in a roughly 20-block area
north of Front Street.

"We did pre-apps to find out what kind of interest there was in Fulda for the
rehab program," Burchill said, adding that dollars will be awarded to
income-eligible homeowners to complete projects such as installation of new
windows, siding or roofing, completing handicap-accessible projects or for
plumbing or electrical upgrades.

Homeowners are asked to pay 30 percent of the rehabilitation project costs, with
70 percent covered by the grant. Participants will have a lien on their home for
10 years, which is forgiven if they remain in the home. If they move before the
10-year period ends, they will have to pay back a prorated portion of the grant.

"It's more for health and safety," Burchill said of the qualifying rehab
projects. Home additions are not eligible for the program.

The city of Lakefield will receive more than $846,500 for owner-occupied housing
rehabilitation, mixed-use rental housing rehabilitation and commercial
rehabilitation. Lakefield City Clerk Kelly Rasche said the funds will help local
residents living in an area that stretches from the west side of town to the
east side.

"We picked an area where we would get the most bang for our buck," Rasche said,
adding that the target area was based on surveys sent out with utility billings.
The surveys returned were used to pinpoint the rehab area, which includes the
Main Street business district.

"Workforce housing has been talked about in our area for quite a while," Rasche
said. "Our main Street apartments definitely needed help -- need some
refurbishing. Building new apartment living for our community, we have found to
be extremely expensive.

Using this program to bring back life into what we have just seemed like the
best plan to put housing back into our housing market."

This is the fourth or fifth time Lakefield has been awarded funds to help
residents with housing rehabilitation projects.

"It enables our residents to keep their properties repaired and holds their
resale value, which allows us to have a really good tax base," Rasche said.
"It's just really good for our community."

The city of Adrian was awarded $418,400 to assist low- to moderate-income
homeowners with owner-occupied housing rehabilitation across the entire
community, said Adrian City Administrator Bruce Heitkamp. It is the second time
in four years the city has received DEED funds for housing rehab. In 2012,
Adrian and Rushmore were in a cooperative program that was funded.

This time, the Adrian Public Utilities Commission is contributing up to $10,000
for energy efficiency upgrades in homes as part of the rehab project. Those
dollars will go toward the 30 percent homeowner match to participate.

Heitkamp said the city will host public meetings once it has more information
about the grant and the application process. Adrian is working with the
Southwest Minnesota Housing Partnership, which will administer the loan program.

The city of Windom received $600,000 to be used for multi-family rental housing
rehabilitation. Windom City Administrator Steve Nasby said the funds will be
used for Riverview Apartments, an approximately 60-unit complex comprised of
one- and two-bedroom units.

"This is part of the funding on a larger project to do extensive rehab of that
building," Nasby said, adding that work is anticipated to begin this summer.

"The Small Cities Development Program is helping to build healthy and thriving
communities throughout Minnesota," said DEED Commissioner Shawntera Hardy.

To be eligible for Small Cities funding, a project must meet one of three
objectives: benefit people of low and moderate incomes, eliminate slum and
blighted conditions or eliminate an urgent threat to public health or safety.

Cities and townships with populations under 50,000 and counties with populations
under 200,000 are eligible for grants under the program. Projects must be
completed within 30 months, depending on size and scope.

___ (c)2016 The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minn.) Visit The Daily Globe
(Worthington, Minn.) at www.dglobe.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160514-QG-DEED-awards-are-in-Money-to-aid-in-housing
-rehabilitation-0514-20160514

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QG


                         Copyright 2016 The Daily Globe


                             790 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Arizona Daily Sun (Flagstaff)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 30, 2015 Friday

Panels recommend student housing compatibility

BYLINE: Suzanne Adams-Ockrassa, The Arizona Daily Sun, Flagstaff

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 960 words


Oct. 30--"The focus needs to be on what we want, not who we want"

--Charlie Silver, external working group on student housing

The two committees tasked with tackling the the impacts of off-campus student
housing presented their findings to Flagstaff City Council Tuesday night.

Charlie Silver, from the Townsite Neighborhood Association, provided Council
with a rundown of the suggestions from the external working group.

"The focus needs to be on what we want, not who we want," he said.

The external group recommended renaming student housing developments as
high-occupancy because large housing complexes of any kind can produce traffic,
parking and noise problems.

It also suggested creating a specific plan for such projects that would include
conditions that developers would have to follow to mitigate noise and traffic
from the development, Silver said. The specific plan should also include
guidelines to make new development compatible in size, height and style with the
surrounding neighborhood.

Management of these types of buildings was also very important, he said.
Property managers should be encouraged to join the city's Crime-Free
Multi-Family Housing program and have security to protect both residents and
neighbors.

Protecting the city's dark skies and iconic views was also important to the
committee, Silver said.

Developers should also work with Northern Arizona University and the Northern
Arizona Intergovernmental Transportation Authority to provide access to safe
alternative forms of transportation to campus. Things like bike paths, bus stops
or walking paths, were a good idea; something other than personal cars, he said.
The proximity to campus is not as much of an issue if there are alternative
means to get there that are easily available to residents in these types of
projects.

Adequate off-street parking also needed to be available for those residents who
wanted to bring their car, Silver said. Changes should be made to the Zoning
Code to require more parking spaces for multi-family projects that have two or
more bedrooms per unit.

MEETINGS AND METERS

Other changes to the Zoning Code that were recommended were requiring developers
to hold two public meetings for a rezoning request and notify tenants as well as
property owners of a zoning change, said City Planning Director Dan Folke.

On the parking situation, staff was recommending a change to increase the number
of parking spots by half a spot for each multi-family projects that have two or
more bedrooms per unit, he said. Staff always rounds up when there's half a
space.

Community Design and Redevelopment Manger Karl Eberhard said his department was
currently looking at new parking meters for the city.

"The comments from the public have been the sooner parking meters are installed
the better," he said.

Eberhard said staff has been doing public outreach to neighborhoods both north
and south of the downtown area and ways to create residential and guest permits.
They hope to have something before Council in early December.

The committees also recommended changing the language of the zoning code to
separate out the various types of room-and-board projects, such as dormitories
and single-room occupancy (hotels that have long-term rentals), Folke said.
Currently, any multi-family housing project that rents long-term by the room is
considered a rooming and boarding facility.

Council can also tailor new high-occupancy housing projects by setting specific
requirements on lighting, safety and style through development agreements, he
said.

FROM CRIMINAL TO CIVIL

On the public safety side, the committees recommended several changes to the
city's nuisance party ordinance, Deputy Flagstaff Police Chief Walt Miller said.

Council approved those changes in May and they went into effect in June.

Those changes included defining a nuisance party as five or more individuals who
were creating a disturbance, changing the citation from a criminal offense to a
civil offense and citing landlords for repeat nuisance parties on their
property.

Council also heard from Rick Brandel, Northern Arizona University's Adviser for
Student and Community Issues.

Brandel said the university e-mailed an off-campus housing guide to all students
living off-campus in September and October of this year.

The booklet is available on NAU's website. It gives students information on how
leases work, roommates, safety, bus service to campus, biking, carpooling,
budgeting and being a good neighbor and city ordinances on noise and parties.

The guide suggests that students contact their neighbors soon after they move
and exchange contact information. It also suggests notifying neighbors if you
plan to have party.

The Off-Campus Housing Guide also suggests creating house rules for hosting a
party, such as designating a sober host to control noise, music and access to
the party.

The booklet does not provide information on whether students living off-campus
are subject to the university's student code of conduct and Brandel did not
mention the code during his report.

However, NAU President Rita Cheng has said multiple times that NAU students
living off-campus also fall under the student code of conduct.

Brandels said throughout the rest of the fall and into the spring the
university's liaison plans to reach out to property managers, neighborhood
associations and Flagstaff residents to let them know that there is someone they
can contact at the school. NAU also plans to hold several events in January for
students looking to live off-campus, he said.

The reporter can be reached at sadams@azdailysun.com or (928)556-2253.

___ (c)2015 The Arizona Daily Sun (Flagstaff, Ariz.) Visit The Arizona Daily Sun
(Flagstaff, Ariz.) at www.azdailysun.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151030-FF-Panels-recommend-student-housing-compatibility-1030-20151030

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FF


                      Copyright 2015 The Arizona Daily Sun


                             791 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 12, 2010

Ground breaking held for new $3.9 million apartment complex

BYLINE: James C. Falcon

LENGTH: 468  words


The groundbreaking for a 24-unit apartment complex took place last Friday
morning, east of Belcourt.

Located on the southwest end of the Kent Addition Housing Project, the complex,
called New Generations, will offer federally assisted low-income housing to the
urtle Mountain Band of Chippewa Indians. Rental rates will be based on 30
percent of the tenant's adjusted annual income.

The project carries a price tag of an estimated $3.9 million. Funding came from
the USDA Rural Development's Section 515 Multi-Family Loan Program, which
contributed $1 million; a $1,529,220 grant from the Neighborhood Stabilization
Program, administered by the North Dakota Housing Finance Agency; and a
contribution of $1,284,570 from the Turtle Mountain Housing Authority (TMHA).

"There is a clear need for additional housing units in the Turtle Mountain area
and partnering with the community to help meet their housing needs is an
important part of Rural Development's mission," said Jasper Schneider, USDA
Rural Development State Director.

According to a press release from the USDA, the complex will "improve the living
conditions for many of those living on the reservation."

Last month, a study was conducted on the Turtle Mountain Reservation to
ascertain the homeless population. Eunice Baker, a TMHA certified occupancy
specialist, had estimated that "well over 50 percent" of the tribal population
on the reservation are homeless.

According to Becky Phelps, TMHA development specialist, construction on the
complex has already started. A notice to proceed was issued on March 31. Within
the next week or so, Phelps said, full-scale construction will' be noticed by
passersby; in the meanwhile, bulldozers will start on peeling back dirt.

Phelps added that TMHA is anticipating occupancy in the complex to start in late
February of 2011.

Sen. Richard Marcellais, tribal chainnan of the Turtle Mountain Band, voiced his
gratitude to Schneider and the USDA's continued support to partner with the
tribe "to meet our housing goals and objectives."

"USDA Rural Development has been a great supporter in helping us fund some much
needed housing initiatives, as well as other economic development projects,"
Marcellais said.

Marcellais. along with members of the Turtle Mountain Tribal Council, employees
of the Turtle Mountain Housing Authority, and representatives from the USDA were
on hand for the groundbreaking.

Jolene Kline, director of planning and housing development with the North Dakota
Housing Finance Agency (NDHFA), said that of the state funds available, Belcourt
has received one-third of that funding.

In addition to helping fund New Generations, Kline said that NDHFA will also
help fund an eight-unit complex; groundbreaking for that project, to be located
west of Bel-court, will be held in two weeks, Phelps added.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2010 Turtle Mountain Star


                             792 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                              March 5, 2006 Sunday

Dollars and Rents;
Apartment dwellers will pay more as vacancies drop

BYLINE: CAMI JONER Columbian staff writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. e1

LENGTH: 1228 words


Apartment manager Jason Pulse was surprised by how well tenants accepted a
recently imposed 8 percent rent increase at Highland Hills, the 400-unit Salmon
Creek-area apartment complex he oversees.

"They were more accepting of it than I thought they'd be," Pulse said, adding
that the rate hike was the first in four years.

He attributed his tenants' mild reactions to increasing demand for apartments in
the area, which is home to Washington State University's growing Vancouver
campus and the newly opened Salmon Creek Legacy Hospital.

"I think we'll see a lot more business," Pulse said.

A robust economy and cooling single-family home sales will likely mean apartment
rents all over Clark County will increase this year. Job growth and a steady
influx of newcomers also are factors.

According to a recent report from the U.S. Department of Labor, rents increased
by about 2 percent in the Clark County-Portland area in 2005.

Despite rising demand, rents will likely increase by an average of less than 1
percent or $5 per month this year, said Charlie Kleier, apartment industry
expert and vice president and partner with NAI Norris, Beggs & Simpson in
Vancouver. That translates into the region's average monthly apartment rental
rate increasing from $667 to $672, Kleier said.

Kleier based his forecast on data from a sampling of Clark County's inventory of
between 40,000 and 45,000 apartment units from studio units to one-, two-, and
three-bedroom models.

Rent increases this year will also come in the form of fewer rent discounts and
specials such a free utilities or television hookup.

Kleier predicts rent increases in 2007 of as much as 3 percent, which would add
another $20 to the average monthly rent.

Renters are sure to grumble as other cost-of-living expenses related to energy
put pressure on lower-income wage earners.

Industry rebound

Apartment owners say their's is one of the last housing-related industries to
recover from the effects of recession three years ago. They blame the delay on
the surge in single-family home sales, which pulled renters out of apartments.

"We lost renters to people buying homes, so rents haven't increased," said Eric
Johnson, a vice president with Key Property Services Inc., which manages more
than 2,000 apartment units around the county. "The housing boom held the
apartment boom back," he said.

Rent revenue actually declined at some properties as managers struggled to hold
on to tenants. The industry is now poised to rebound.

While vacancy rates have hovered at around 7 percent for the past two years,
Kleier said he expects apartment vacancies to inch downward to 5.3 percent in
Clark County this year and down to 5 percent in 2007.

Mortgage lenders agree the trend is fueled by the softening of the first-time
home-buyers' market as interest rates on mortgage loans have increased, making
the cost of buying a house more expensive. At the same time home values have
jumped nearly 30 percent, shutting out many.

Fewer specials

Apartment managers say they no longer will need to lure renters with leasing
specials like six-month discounts and other giveaways.

"Our standard now is one free month with a 12-month lease," said Gary O'Connell,
president of Quantum Residential Inc., which manages about 6,000 apartment units
around the county.

O'Connell said some complexes are beginning to charge for previously free
services, such as water and garbage. With vacancy rates tightening up, "we can
rent without having to give everything away," he said, although some complexes
will continue offering incentives through spring, typically the apartment
industry's busiest season.

"Anymore, everyone expects a special," Johnson said. "We more regularly have
people call and say, 'What's your special?' rather than 'What's your price?'"

He agreed the enticements will change as the market tightens.

Slowed construction

New apartment construction has also slowed, in part because apartment developers
compete for building sites with homebuilders who are willing to pay higher
prices for land, Johnson said.

"There isn't a lot of new product coming on line," he said, though the upscale
585-unit Mission Hills complex near the Four Seasons development in Orchards is
worth mentioning.

Local partners Rich Prather, Trent Pietz and Ed Pietz are known for building
regardless of economic factors. The first phase of Mission Hills is well under
way with 268 units set to open in June on a site bordering Northeast 18th
Street, just east of 112th Avenue.

Maija Mercer, vice president of operations for the Management Group, which is
marketing the new complex, said monthly rents will range from $745 for
one-bedroom units to $1,380 for three-bedroom apartments.

Plans also call for an 8,000-square-foot club house, a swimming pool, and
business and fitness centers.

Condo conversion

In addition to slowed new-apartment production, condominium conversions have
also removed more than 335 Clark County apartment units from the market last
year.

The trend is nationwide, said Jeremy Bencken, co-founder and president of a Web
site for apartment hunters called ApartmentRatings.com, based in Austin, Texas.

"It's happening all over, especially in Florida," Bencken said, where Equity
Residential Properties Trust recently converted 30,000 units of the company's
200,000 nationwide apartment units to condos.

Conversions are receiving at least partial credit for boosting occupancies and
rental rates in the apartment sector.

"It all comes down to supply and demand," said Kleier of Norris Beggs and
Simpson.

As industry conditions improve, investors already have shown renewed interest in
Clark County's apartment properties.

Last year, according to Riley & Marks appraisers, more than $89 million in
rental, multi-family real estate changed hands in 2005. Four more apartment
sales worth more than $15 million occurred in January.

"We like the specific dynamics of what's happening in that region," said Kevin
Mignogna, president of San Diego-based 3B Partners Real Estate Holdings LLC.

Mignogna's company recently acquired a $19 million apartment complex near the
Clackamas Town Center Mall in Oregon.

"From a fundamental aspect, the biggest market influences are job growth and
condo conversions," Mignogna said, adding that his firm has also made
unsuccessful attempts to purchase Clark County rental real estate and will
continue to look.

Longer waits

Lower vacancy rates and higher rents also create challenges for low-income
residents using federal rental assistance, said LaVon Holden, with the Vancouver
Housing Authority. The VHA develops market-rate housing and matches low-income
residents to public housing programs.

"It's never easy to find housing," Holden said.

But when monthly rents rise, she said conditions worsen for low-income residents
who receive federal subsidies worth 30 percent of their modest incomes to pay
for housing.

As the quest for living units tightens, Holden said, "The waiting list just gets
longer."

Cami Joner covers real estate for The Columbian. Reach her at 360-759-8018 or
cami.joner@columbian.com.

Did you know?

* Investors spent $89 million purchasing multi-family rental housing in Clark
County in 2005.

* Apartment vacancy rates here are expected to drop to 5 percent by next year,
down from 7 percent of the past few years.

* Average monthly rent for all 45,000 rental housing units in Clark County is
estimated at $672.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Kathryn Jones, left, of Portland, gets a tour of the Highland Hills
apartment complex from leasing agent Leslie Hall via a luxury golf cart that
will take them to the different parts of the development.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 The Columbian Publishing Co.


                             793 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Courier Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                             May 25, 1999, Tuesday

EXPLOSION IN SINGLE PARENTING

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: RETSCHLAG C

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 522 words


Explosion in single parenting

Overall wealth up

but gap widens

Christine Retschlag

social issues reporter

SOUTH-east Queensland is witnessing an explosion in the number of people living
in single-parent, lone-person, multi-family and group households.

The south-east corner also appears to be cocooned from a national trend against
bearing children, recording an increase in the number of "nuclear family"
households and a decrease in those without children.

But while the region's overall wealth has expanded, the gap between rich and
poor continues to widen, with the number of families qualifying for additional
social security support doubling in six years.

Queensland has undergone a dramatic shift in types of households in the past
decade, according to two major social monitors to be released today.

The number of people living in one-parent households has increased by 133
percent, group households by 73 percent, lone persons by 72 percent and
multi-family households by 35 percent.

Australian Housing and Urban Institute director and report co-author Bob Stimson
yesterday said the south-east corner was becoming "much more diverse".

"We've had an increase in the actual numbers of people in nuclear families but
the big increases have been in the non-nuclear ones," he said.

"It is just a very, very significant change which is going on there. I don't
think we really understand it fully.

"If this continues on those sorts of levels then it has very big differences on
how we perceive families."

The number of people living in nuclear households increased by 36 percent from
1986 to 1996 while there was a 5 percent decline in households without children.

South-east Queensland is celebrating greater wealth overall, with the proportion
of high income households increasing in inner Brisbane by 14 percent in the past
decade while the percentage of low income households on the Sunshine Coast
declined by 15 percent.

The top 10 high-income areas were Pullenvale, Upper Kedron, Mount Ommaney,
Westlake, Brookfield, Pinjarra Hills, Chapel Hill, Fig Tree Pocket, Bridgeman
Downs, and Brisbane's inner city.

Moreton Island topped the low income areas followed by Fortitude Valley,
Redland, Bilinga, Margate-Woody Point, Bribie Island, Dutton Park, South
Brisbane, Coolangatta and Coombabah.

"We are richer but the gaps between the rich and poor are getting wider and the
poor are increasingly being concentrated in a lot of those outer areas,"
Professor Stimson said.

The sub-regions with the highest unemployment rates were Ipswich, Pine
Rivers-Redcliffe-Caboolture, Brisbane's southern outer suburbs and the Gold
Coast in 1998.

The number of owner-occupier households declined in Brisbane's core but grew in
the periphery.

Private rental housing more than doubled in the city while public housing
increased five-fold in the west.

South-east Queensland is home to three times as many females as males in the
over-90 category and significantly more females in every age category above 45
to 49 years.

Females outnumber males in the 25-40 age bracket but males dominate the younger
age groups.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1999 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             794 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2014 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                            WMI - Business Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                               February 20, 2014

                                   MCAP Inc.

                26/F., Shenzhen InternationaL FinanciaL Building
                                Shenzhen 518001
                            United States of America

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

COMPANY OVERVIEW


   MCAP Inc. (MCAP) is a mortgage financing company. The company provides
services in residential mortgages, commercial mortgages and construction loans.
It serves in residential, construction and commercial assets. MCAP trades on
behalf of over 35 institutional investors. The company serves variety of
developer, construction and lender clients. It offers business,trade and
multi-division residential properties across Canada.The company's financing
options for borrowers includes conventional mortgages, carry your rate forward,
interest rates, and cmhc insured mortgages. It has completed financial projects
in apartments, in Kelowna, 43 unit apartments in Vancouver, 300 unit apartments
in Grand Prairie, an office in Edmonton among others. It has processing units in
and has offices in Toronto, Vancouver and Calgary, Regina, Saskatchewan,
Kitchener, Ontario; Montreal, Quebec; Halifax; Burlington. MCAP is headquartered
in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.


BUSINESS DESCRIPTION:



MCAP Inc. (MCAP) is an independent mortgage financing companies. The company has
over $35 billion in assets under administration. It classifies its business into
three categories, namely, residential mortgages, commercial mortgages and
construction loans.

In the residential mortgage category, MCAP offers full range of fixed rate,
variable rate and revolving line of credit products catering to the needs of
home buyers, seasoned homeowners and for buyers in need of an extended
amortization. The company finances rental properties and secondary homes and for
up gradation work, renovation, installation through MCAP Home Express.

It provides financing for commercial and industrial properties having a
diversified capital base through its commercial mortgage category. MCAP offers
this service across Vancouver, Calgary, Edmonton, Winnipeg, Toronto, Montreal
and Quebec Cities in Canada. Further, the company also provides all types of
financing that include insuring apartment buildings, mezzanine financing,
underwriting, credit adjudication, deal analysis and portfolio management to its
investors. It is the originators and expert partner of CMHC mortgages with in
depth knowledge of CMHC's multi-family products for both new and existing
policies. MCAP's concentration is to provide long term financing on apartment
buildings, retirement home projects and affordable housing projects. The
company's conventional loan programs targets loans sizes from $2 million to $20
million on a fixed and a floating rates basis for terms of up to 10 years.

Its Construction loans category structures and funds mortgages for investment,
commercial and industrial properties across Canada. In last three years MCAP has
completed over $5 billion of construction commitments. The company also ventured
into providing loan warehousing facilities. It provides services within this
category to retail, senior's multi-unit residential facilities and condominium,
office, industrial and hotel sectors. MCAP also provides leasing options to
finance equipment catering to hospitality, transportation and office, industrial
and manufacturing industries.

In the Broker services, the company provides analysis of the current market
scenario in which a broker is operative and assists brokers in meeting their
objectives. In the Health Care Services it provides equipment acquisition
financing, practice purchases, leasehold improvement financing and construction
or mortgage financing. MCAP through servicing solutions administers the full
life cycle of a lease from the credit application stage through to asset
management and disposal stage and also provides customized solutions. The
company operates through 9 offices across Canada.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *








LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014


                             795 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           January 20, 2005 Thursday
                             F1 Edition; F2 Edition

Residents balk at housing program

BYLINE: Lenore T. Adkins, Daily Herald Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 310 words


During a first-time ever roundtable discussion between residents, Elgin's mayor
and city council members Wednesday night, some residents questioned a
longstanding city grant program that gives landlords money to convert a
multi-family house back into a single-family house.

Specifically, residents wanted to know what happens to tenants who must leave
their apartments once the building turns into a single-family house.

"There is no program that really addresses that," said RuthAnne Hall, the city's
management analyst who's also a liaison to neighborhood groups.

Mayor Ed Schock and council members met with nearly 90 residents and business
owners at the city's flagship event for its "Year of the Neighborhood"
initiative, which highlights neighborhoods, grant programs and city projects.
The city, in tandem with the Elgin Community Network, invited representatives
from Elgin's neighborhoods to talk shop with them on the state of the city's
neighborhoods.

Every 10 minutes, council members rotated from table to table to hear praises
and community concerns.

And it was during two rotations that Diretha Postlewaite, a former renter, took
council members John Walters and Tom Sandor to task for adding money to a
conversion grant program without paying for one that supports displaced renters.

"There is no equal balance there," she said. "Give them an opportunity to be
there to participate."

Walters defended the program, saying "When you jam people into one house, you
tend to get more problems in the neighborhood."

An unexpected $2 million windfall from the Grand Victoria Foundation, affiliated
with the riverboat casino by the same name, made the new neighborhood grants
possible and allowed the city to infuse $250,000 into the city's conversion
grant program, Schock said.

Hall said the city will explore how best to help people displaced from
deconversions.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sheri Buttstadt, left, of the Lords Park Association and Deborah Allan
of the Kane County Board talk Wednesday at the Centre of Elgin. Patrick
Kunzer/Daily Herald

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             796 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             May 12, 2016 Thursday

Henning receives $800,000 for housing

BYLINE: Jacob Tellers, Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 460 words


May 12--HENNING -- Henning has been awarded a $800,000 grant for property
rehabilitation from the Minnesota Small Cities Development Program.

The Fergus Falls Housing and Redevelopment Authority initially approached
Henning officials last year with an offer to write the grant application for
them if they were willing to participate in the process.

It was an easy decision, according to Henning council member Jeremiah Rice.

"In a small town like Henning, it is not always easy for property owners to
improve their properties when they are trying to make their salaries pay for all
the things that are necessary," he said.

Some of the biggest needs in the community are roofs and electrical wiring,
according to Rice.

"Some properties in Henning have been around close to 100 years, some more than
that," he said.

Siding, roofing and windows are three of the typical areas the HRA will focus on
when determining where to apply for a grant, said Mikel Olson, a rehab
specialist with the HRA.

"Deferred maintenance is the main problem," he said.

The project will include repairs of at least 18 homes, five single-family rental
units, a dozen multi-family units and eight commercial properties, according to
Olson.

The level of interest from the community matters, he said.

For a project like this to succeed, there needs to be as many as three times the
interest applicants as there are funds for a project, Olson said.

One goal of the grant program is to stabilize property values, he said.

Once some homes in a community repaired, it often encourages neighbors to keep
their homes in better condition too, Olson said.

The grants take the form of a forgivable, 10-year loan. If a homeowner stays in
their property for 10 years after the repairs, the entire loan is forgiven, but
if they were to leave early, they would be responsible for a percentage of the
loan based on how long they had stayed.

Besides the funds from the grant program, an additional $350,000 will be spent
from the Minnesota Housing Finance Agency, Rural Development, Muhabe-Otwa and
the HRA, according to Olson.

The grant process is a long one, Olson said, who said it took about a year to
write the one for Henning.

"They do an excellent job," Rice said about the HRA.

The HRA also attempted to get a grant for Dalton, but was unsuccessful this time
around. They will apply again this year with a strengthened application, Olson
said.

Rice said he would encourage other Otter Tail County communities to apply for
the grants.

"The money exists out there, we may as well try to use it in Otter Tail County,"
he said.

___ (c)2016 the Fergus Falls Daily Journal (Fergus Falls, Minn.) Visit the
Fergus Falls Daily Journal (Fergus Falls, Minn.) at www.fergusfallsjournal.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160512-1FF-Henning-receives-800,000-for-housing-0512-20160512

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1FF


                Copyright 2016 Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn


                             797 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            March 13, 2008 Thursday

Apartments join process to get rid of the troublemakers;
Eureka Garden and two other complexes sign on for a national program.

BYLINE: MATT GALNOR

SECTION: Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 627 words


Jacksonville is turning to a national program to try to rid its apartment
complexes of criminals -- and those who let them in their apartments.

Sheriff John Rutherford certified the first three complexes Wednesday for Crime
Free Multi-Housing, a program now used in 44 states since 1992.

The teeth of the program, though, is already in the leases for federal
subsidized and Jacksonville Housing Authority properties, allowing people to be
evicted if they or their guests are arrested on the property for drug-related or
violent crimes. Residents will have to sign a form committing to the program
once their current lease is up, or they'll have to move.

In order to qualify for the Crime Free program, apartment staff must go through
training and make improvements to the property to make it safer. Upgrades
including increased lighting, peepholes where residents can see 180 degrees,
thicker deadbolts and landscaping that doesn't provide potential prowlers a
place to hide.

The certification process usually takes about nine months to a year. So far,
about 90 of the city's approximately 400 complexes have begun the process.

Once someone is evicted from a Crime Free complex, their name will be entered in
a database barring them from renting in another Crime Free unit. Rutherford said
the goal is to get every complex certified, so "eventually there's nowhere in
Jacksonville for them to live."

Don Freeman, managing attorney for Jacksonville Area Legal Aid, said the change
to the leases is no different than what subsidized apartments already require.

Freeman says he sees a case a week where there's a dispute over who's actually a
guest. For example, in one case someone showed up at woman's apartment uninvited
and knocked on the door. The resident wasn't there and the person started to
leave. Police were in the area and the man was arrested for possession of
marijuana. The landlord is now trying to evict the resident.

About 17 percent of the city's residents live in multi-family complexes, yet
those communities account for 40 percent of the city's violent crime, according
to the Sheriff's Office.

Rutherford kicked off his round of news conferences at Eureka Garden, a
privately owned complex where seven people were killed in 2007. Owners spent
about $10,000 to make the required upgrades, their spokesman Michael Munz said,
and the complex managers have been letting people know of the changes.

About 40 or 50 people attended a meeting, according to one of the residents who
attended.

"There's too much crime going on for them to do anything about it now," said the
woman, who declined to give her name for safety reasons. "They need to bulldoze
this place."

Rutherford also visited Plantation Apartments on Old Kings Road and Paradise
Island on Southside Boulevard.

Prosecutors will be instructed to pay special attention and aggressively
prosecute cases that come from Crime Free complexes, Chief Assistant State
Attorney Jay Plotkin said at Eureka Garden.

The program began in Mesa, Ariz., in 1992. Jacksonville is the first city in
Florida to be certified.

At one point in the 14 years with the Crime Free initiative, there were well
over 100 certified complexes in Las Vegas, said Ed Daley, a crime prevention
specialist who runs the program for the Las Vegas Metro Police Department.

Now there are 64, as complexes get decertified for not keeping up their
properties or having too many police calls to the complex. The key is finding
strong management at the complexes, Daley said, and getting the owners to make
the investment.

Rents may drop off in the first few months as people move, but owners need to
wait that period out to get longer-term tenants for whom the Crime Free tag is a
selling point, he said.

matt.galnor@jacksonville.com, (904) 359-4550

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
DON BURK/The Times-Union Jacksonville Sheriff John Rutherford greets residents
Wednesday at Eureka Garden apartments, which will join a national crime-fighting
program.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 The Florida Times-Union


                             798 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Finance & Commerce (Minneapolis, MN)

                              May 16, 2003 Friday

Investment club pursues profits from housing

BYLINE: Brian Johnson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 776 words


When a reporter called Judy Olsen to talk with her about the Minnesota Multi
Housing Association's Investors Club, Olsen was more than willing to chat. But
Olsen had to cut the conversation short because she was heading out to deal with
a leaky pipe at her apartment building.

Welcome to the world of a small property owner.

The MHA's Investors Club caters to the Judy Olsens of the world. Aimed at
independent owners of multifamily housing with 20 or fewer units, the program is
designed to educate property owners and help them work more efficiently and
economically.

Olsen attended a number of Investors Club programs and other MHA functions
before she bought her property, a 23-unit building in Roseville, last summer.
She became interested in real estate after having spent 25 years in the
corporate world.

"I guess I jumped in with both feet," Olsen said. "But I had taken almost all
these seminars, and I had been attending Investors Club. So I felt I was fairly
well prepared for it."

Investors Club meetings are held the second Tuesday of each month in
Bloomington. Upcoming programs cover such topics as disaster planning and the
new insurance market (May 13), buying rental property in a changing market (July
8), and converting apartments into for-sale condos (Aug. 19).

"The topics will vary during the year," Olsen said. "They might be on taxes,
legal issues, fair housing. Usually a couple of times during the year they'll do
a case study of how an individual grew their business in real estate. That's
useful in terms of seeing how the process works."

Although the meetings are intended for small property owners, Olsen said the
audience is mixed. Some who attend are just starting out or are interested in
getting into the business, while others have owned investment property for
years.

"I've noticed that more young people are coming to the Investors Club and other
MHA functions," Olsen said. "I think that's great. I only wish I had started
doing that when I was in my 20s or 30s."

Doug Leicht, who owns multifamily housing in St. Paul, said he has been
attending Investors Club programs for three years. During that time, he said,
attendance has increased from 15 to 20 per meeting to 100.

The rising attendance figures shouldn't come as a surprise. Leicht said
multifamily investments have become increasingly popular over the past two years
as an alternative to putting money in the stock market.

"They're seeing the returns are higher than what they've got in the stock
market," said Leicht, who owns four duplexes. "I'm not sure how true that's
going to be long-term, because rental property has its own inherent problems.
You have maintenance problems, you have tenant problems, you have changing laws
and so forth."

The Investors Club aims to address those and other issues. Last month, for
example, attorney Douglass Turner discussed common legal questions for
independent rental property owners, with an emphasis on evictions and fair
housing claims.

Previous sessions have focused on rehabbing and remodeling smaller apartment
buildings, a case study of an owner who grew his property management business to
more than 1,900 units, leasing and marketing tips, and determining fair market
value for rental units.

"They're trying to make people aware of what they need to do, make people aware
of the fact that you should screen your tenants," Leicht said. "I would hazard
to guess that most of the small owners -- or a lot of the small owners -- don't
know that and they don't screen their tenants."

Besides advising independent property owners on how to manage their investments,
the Investors Club offers a platform for owners who are trying to sell
properties. Networking opportunities are also available.

"It's amazing the knowledge some people have," Olsen said, with a laugh. "It's
quite esoteric in some cases. There are people who can tell you how you can tell
the difference between bat dung and mouse dung. And obviously they've had some
experience there.

"I always learn something from the presentation and from the questions other
people are asking."

Founded in 1967, the Minnesota Multi Housing Association bills itself as a
nonprofit trade organization that "promotes the highest standards in the
development and maintenance of multi-family housing." The organization's 2,000
members own or manage nearly 200,000 housing units.

Investors Club meetings are held at Burnet Title in Bloomington and cost $10 to
attend. The meetings are intended primarily for members of the Minnesota Multi
Housing Association; others are invited to attend one meeting as a nonmember.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             799 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 15, 2014 Tuesday

New York: A.G. Schneiderman Secures More Than $1 Million In Relief For Tenants
Living In 1,700 NYC Apartments

LENGTH: 1258  words

DATELINE: Albany


Office of Attorney General, The State of New York has issued the following news
release:

Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman today announced a settlement agreement
with two owners of 42 rent-regulated buildings located in Brooklyn, the Bronx
and Manhattan. The agreement with the buildings' owners - a partnership of
several private equity firms, including Normandy Real Estate Partners and
Westbrook Partners - will provide more than $1 million in rent credits to
tenants living in nearly 1,700 apartments. The agreement also requires that
delayed maintenance projects be completed within a year and that the management
company, Colonial Management, be terminated immediately. An investigation by the
Attorney General's office into alleged harassment of tenants by Colonial
Management is ongoing.

"Over one million families live in rent-regulated housing in New York City. They
have a right to decent and safe housing, and a right to organize without being
harassed," Attorney General Schneiderman said. "Today's agreement with the
owners will bring significant relief to thousands of tenants who have suffered
and puts other owners on notice that my office will not tolerate harassment of
tenants."

In November, tenants at these buildings began filing complaints with the
Attorney General's office asserting that Colonial Management was engaged in an
aggressive campaign to deny their legal right to organize, a protected activity
under section 230 of New York's Real Property Law. The tenants began organizing
in response to news that the buildings' owners were facing possible foreclosure.

According to complaints reviewed by the office, Colonial Management did not
provide information to tenants regarding the possible foreclosure, posted
misleading and false notices throughout the buildings stating that the buildings
were not in foreclosure, blocked tenants and housing advocates from holding and
attending tenant association meetings, retaliated against tenants who
participated in these meetings, and, in several instances, resorted to
intimidation tactics to break up peaceful meetings. Tenants also complained that
Colonial Management had subjected them to illegal brokers' fees when they moved
into the buildings and other unlawful charges and fees during their tenancy.

During the investigation, the Attorney General's office found that Colonial did
not maintain the buildings, that the buildings have multiple outstanding code
violations under New York City's Housing Maintenance Code and that at least two
of the buildings are in the city's Alternative Enforcement Program -- a
designation that indicates they are among the 200 most physically distressed
properties in the city.

As part of the settlement, the owners of the buildings, which are operated under
a real estate portfolio known as the "Three Borough Pool," agreed to terminate
Colonial as manager of the portfolio. The agreement also requires the owners to:

Provide a one-time rent credit of $600 to tenants of every unit in the 42
buildings. That money will compensate tenants for illegal fees and overcharges
and amounts to more than $1 million in overall rent credits. (Tenants will
receive instructions within approximately 30 days for obtaining their rent
credits.)
    Make outstanding repairs and correct all outstanding code violations across
the building within one year;
    Forgo any rent increases for work required to bring the properties into
compliance with the city's Housing Maintenance Code;
    Provide the Attorney General's office with a financial underwriting analysis
that demonstrates a capacity to adequately repair and maintain the portfolio
without additional rent increases;
    Provide all tenants with notice of their right to organize and participate
in tenant associations, and their right to use community spaces to facilitate
their efforts; and
    Provide periodic reports to the Attorney General's office.

In the real estate market downturn and mortgage crisis of the past several
years, tenants across New York City have had to confront declining conditions as
landlords have sought to maximize profits. According to the New Housing Market
Place Plan, a report issued by the NYC Department of Housing Preservation and
Development, as many as 100,000 units of multi-family rental housing were at
risk due to excessive debt obligations in 2010.

City Councilmember Ritchie Torres, Chair of the Committee on Public Housing and
a strong tenant advocate on this issue,said, "The deal negotiated by the
Attorney General is a significant victory for tenants, affordable housing
advocates, and community leaders. For too long, real-estate speculators and
landlords have been preying on the vulnerability of low-income communities just
to make a quick buck. Responsible property owners who respect tenants and
support affordable housing are the only kind of property owners who should be
operating in our city, period."

HPD Code Enforcement has been active in many of the buildings in this portfolio
and we applaud the Attorney General's efforts on behalf of these thousands of
tenants," said HPD Commissioner Vicki Been. "Removing the Housing Code
violations, restoring these buildings to overall healthy condition, and putting
good management in place is critical to the future of this housing. We
appreciate all the work the Attorney General has done to make this possible.
This is a great outcome and we look forward to working with his office to bring
these buildings up to code and to ensure that both tenants' rights and this
housing stock are protected.

Ed Josephson, of South Brooklyn Legal Services which represents some of the
building tenant associations,said, "This groundbreaking agreement secured by the
Attorney General vindicates the rights of more than a thousand tenants whose
living conditions were undermined by their landlords' risky financing practices.
The agreement sends an important signal to the real estate industry that
multi-million dollar deals cannot be made at the expense of the tenants who live
in the properties."

Kerri White, Director of Organizing and Policy at the Urban Homesteading
Assistance Board and who assisted tenants with their organizing efforts,said,
"New York City can no longer afford to allow landlords to thwart the rules of
rent regulation and the Housing Maintenance Code in order to fill their pocket
books. We are so grateful to Attorney General Schneiderman for holding
landlords' accountable and protecting the rights of thousands of New York
families."

Jose Maldonado, a tenant who lives at a Bronx building owned by the
portfolio,said, "We are very relieved the management company is being replaced
and that dangerous conditions in our homes will be fixed, and we are grateful to
the Attorney General for requiring the owners of these buildings to do the right
thing: Follow the law."

Liza Ash, who lives in a second Bronx building owned by the portfolio,said, "We
are very happy that the Attorney General took up this fight, and this agreement
sends a message to all landlords who try to intimidate their tenants that
someone is going to keep an eye on how they do their business."

This matter is being handled by Assistant Attorney General Jessica Attie of the
Attorney General's Civil Rights Bureau and Dina Levy, Special Assistant to the
Attorney General, with assistance from Investigator Sixto Santiago.The Civil
Rights Bureau Chief is Kristen Clarke. Executive Deputy Attorney General for
Social Justice is Alvin Bragg.

For further information please visit: http://www.ag.ny.gov/

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             800 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Finance & Commerce (Minneapolis, MN)

                               May 9, 2014 Friday

Making affordable housing more affordable in Minnesota

BYLINE: James Warden

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 942  words


Building affordable housing is not cheap. Governments often have to use tools
like tax increment financing and tax abatement to close the gap between building
costs and rental rates.

But what if there was another way to spur affordable housing projects?

That's the premise of The MN Challenge. The competition -- co-sponsored by
Minnesota Housing Finance Agency, the McKnight Foundation, Urban Land Institute
of Minnesota/ Regional Council of Mayors and Enterprise Community Partners --
asked teams to devise the best ways to lower affordable housing costs.

The competition received a total of 12 concept papers, of which three advanced
to the finals. The finalists presented their ideas Thursday at the 2014
Minnesota Affordable Housing Conference. A winner will be announced June 5 and
receive up to $70,000 to implement the proposal. Here's a summary of the
finalists' proposals:

Best practices

Proposal: The team would first identify best practices for issues like zoning,
subdivision regulations, building codes, administrative processes. They'll then
look at local procedures to see where changes would have the greatest
opportunity to reduce housing costs and increase affordable housing. Finally,
the team will work with local groups to share the best practices. The
information will be used to expand Urban Land Institute of Minnesota's
Affordable Housing Toolkit and augment ULI's Development Ready Guide. They'll
work with the Metropolitan Council to include the information in the local
development handbook issued to Twin Cities communities, Housing Performance
Score guidelines and certain council programs.

Reason: Land use policies can drive up the cost of housing. Government
affordable housing subsidies will go further if local governments implement
policies that remove barriers and make it easier to move projects forward.

Potential savings: Savings estimates vary widely. One study determined that
there was an "implicit zoning tax" of $9 per square foot of land in the
Minneapolis area, according to the team. Another study estimated that regulation
adds 17 percent to the cost of rental units. The team is in the process of
reviewing 83 different studies.

Team: Tim Thompson, president, and Jack Cann, senior staff attorney, both of the
Housing Preservation Project; Edward Goetz, director of the University of
Minnesota's Center for Urban and Regional Affairs; Stacey Becker, owner of
Becker Consulting.

Downsizing reserves

Proposal: Developers are required to have large project reserves. Under this
proposal, the Minnesota Housing Finance Agency, an insurance company, a
foundation or an investor with more willingness to accept risk would provide a
guarantee for some portion of the reserve. That would allow the affordable
housing project to have a smaller reserve.

Reason: A smaller reserve would result in cost savings for the project. It would
also allow some of the savings to be invested more aggressively so that it gets
a return higher than the basic bank rank. The extra return brought in from the
more-aggressive investments could be split between the guarantor and the project
to offset the guarantor's risk. Meanwhile, the guarantor will have a portfolio
of projects to spread out that risk.

Potential savings: The reserve for PPL's last seven projects has averaged about
5 percent, with an average project cost of $16.6 million. Assuming 50 percent of
the reserve is guaranteed, a project would have about $175,000 that could be
used for cost reduction or investment. A 4 percent rate of return would bring in
about $7,000 per year. In all, the team estimates that a public or philanthropic
organization could see project savings of 1 to 1.5 percent.

Team: Jim Steiner, a National Equity Fund consultant; Chris Wilson, director of
housing and development and Leslie Seaberg, asset manager, both of Project for
Pride in Living.

Building archetypes

Proposal: Use so-called "archetypes" to standardize construction and optimize
performance, reliability and cost. A multi-family "kit-of-parts" would allow
about 75 percent of an affordable housing project to be pre-designed. Unit floor
plans, basic building organization and wall, floor and roof sections would all
be standardized. However, the shape of the building could be tailored to the
site, and planners could use a variety of appliances, cabinetry, trimmings and
exterior materials to customize the look.

Reason:  Paul Mellblom, a principal with Minneapolis-based MSR Architects, said
affordable housing requirements are already so constrictive that designers don't
have much room to be creative. Standardization has also worked for products like
cars and airplanes. Why should buildings be different? Mellblom suggested using
the savings to buy higher-grade materials to lengthen the life of the building
and improve the quality of life. "I am here to say unequivocally we are not
trying to create Levittown," he said, referring to the mass-produced suburb in
New York.

Potential savings: Standardized archetypes would shorten the review process,
decrease the size of the design team and lower the amount of billable hours for
the experts who remain. The team estimates that a typical 40- to 50-unit project
costing $9.3 million would see $600,000 to $1 million in savings, plus
additional savings in maintenance costs.

Team: Paul Mellblom, principal, and Rhys MacPherson, associate, both of MSR
Architects; Dale Forsberg, president of Watson Forsberg Construction; Abbie
Loosen and Chris Wilson, both of Project for Pride in Living.

http://www.finance-commerce.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             801 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            March 7, 1996, Thursday,

PLANNERS DELAY ACTION ON TOWN'S 30-UNIT COMPLEX

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE, Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 178 words

DATELINE: FREEPORT


The Planning Board on Wednesday night postponed action on a proposed affordable
housing development between Route 1 and the Maine Turnpike.

The board spent three hours on other business and did not have time to consider
the housing proposal. It is the board's policy to not take up any new business
after 10 p.m.

The housing complex is now scheduled for review March 20.

The Freeport Housing Trust plans to build a 30-unit apartment complex at Summer
and High streets. It would have seven buildings with two- and three-bedroom
apartments plus a community center, an office and a laundry building.

The land is zoned for multi-family residential use. The project needs only site
plan approval from the Planning Board.

If the project is approved, construction could start in August and finish a year
from now.

Apartments would be available to families of two to four people earning $ 14,000
to $ 25,000 per year. Tenants would pay $ 359 to $ 590 per month for rent and
utilities.

A federal tax credit is financing most of the $ 2.5 million project.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 1996 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.


                             802 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 12, 2011 Monday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Amid need, a push to revive housing projects

BYLINE: Debbie Cenziper

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1304 words

DATELINE: CHARLOTTE


CHARLOTTE - Here in the South's second-largest city, homeless shelters are
packed and housing experts say that thousands of affordable rental units are
needed just to meet current demand.

To help build homes for the poor, the city turned to the federal government,
drawing $3.5 million for four projects that promised 202 units. Years later, all
the money from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development's HOME fund
has been spent, but 83 houses have not been delivered. One project failed to
produce a single home.

"You always hear, 'Okay, we got this money to redo the area,' but once the money
gets here, what happens?" said Hattie Huey, a Charlotte mother of three. She
wants to buy a house but can't afford one on a $1,200-a-month salary from a
local church.

Charlotte is a case study of a city facing the fallout of delayed affordable-
housing projects promised to neighborhoods badly in need of new homes. Dozens of
cities are in similar straits, trying to right troubled construction deals that
failed to produce housing despite millions in HUD funding.

Local housing officials will have to do it with less to spend: Congress last
month cut the HOME program's budget by $600 million - nearly 38 percent - citing
mismanagement. Housing advocates criticized the move, estimating that the
program will produce 31,000 fewer homes this fiscal year than in 2010.

"When Congress cuts block grants, everyone gets cut," said Sheila Crowley,
president of the National Low Income Housing Coalition. "Both the agencies that
are doing a good job and those that are not are hurt equally."

HUD officials declined to comment for this report. In the past, the agency has
repeatedly defended the HOME program, saying that it has produced more than 1
million units of housing over two decades and that most projects are successful.

Some critics in Congress, however, maintain that HUD cannot account for the
money it spends or the projects it has underway. A Washington Post investigation
in May found that the department had routinely failed to track the progress of
construction and that hundreds of HOME-funded projects nationwide appeared to be
delayed or in limbo. In recent weeks, The Post identified an additional 75
projects that had drawn and spent $40 million with little or nothing built.

"HUD is expending tax dollars without proper oversight or convincing data to
show the money has been put to good use," Rep. Judy Biggert (R-Ill.), chairman
of the House Financial Services subcommittee on insurance, housing and community
opportunity, said in a statement. "That's not an acceptable situation,
especially in today's budget environment."

A 'frustrating' mission

In Charlotte, housing director Pamela Wideman cited six successful HOME-funded
projects in recent years that yielded 348 units, including an overhaul of a
troubled public housing complex and the completion of a development for seniors.
She said she worries that anticipated losses to the city's $2.5-million-a-year
HOME budget will mean less money for new construction and down-payment
assistance for low-income families hoping to buy a house. The need is great:
Local housing experts say the supply of affordable rental units is expected to
decline in Charlotte-Mecklenburg County over the next 20 years.

Even as Wideman tries to cope with potential budget cuts, she is trying to clean
up the older projects. In the past, she said, local housing officials sometimes
partnered with smaller, nonprofit developers, a HUD requirement, and cut checks
before construction started. Wideman said she has made a series of changes to
strengthen oversight of developers.

"It's been frustrating," Wideman said. "But I totally believe in the mission of
what we're doing."

When Wideman took over as housing chief in late 2009, she found that $160,000 in
HOME funding had been paid to a developer who promised 25 units. A decade later,
there was only an empty lot. Wideman said the city is repaying the money to HUD.
In another case, the city gave $515,000 to a developer that in five years
delivered 26 of 46 promised units. Wideman said there were delays because
roadwork needed to be done.

A third project, launched in 2000, received $1.9 million in HOME funding, with
115 units planned. Eleven years later, 90 multi-family rental units have been
built. But none of the promised 25 single-family houses have been started.
Wideman said construction is expected to begin in the next several months.

She called for more-aggressive HUD involvement in projects. "In my mind, it's
been reactive from HUD when pressure is coming," Wideman said. "It should not be
in this reactive or crisis mode."

A neighborhood's plight

One of the oldest delayed projects in Charlotte is in Reid Park, a west-side
neighborhood once filled with African American families who built homes along a
winding gravel road lined with oak trees and churches. By 1998, drugs and street
violence had overwhelmed the neighborhood, and squatters had set up camp in
abandoned houses.

A local nonprofit developer stepped in, promising to rebuild eight rotting
duplexes. Wideman said the developer had received a loan under HUD's Federal
Housing Administration renovation and repair program. But the group struggled
with financial problems, and, two years later, city officials decided to use
HOME money to pay off the lender.

HUD officials have previously told The Post that federal policy prohibits the
use of HOME money to pay off old debt. Wideman said HUD officials knew about the
payment. "They've known about this since Day One," she said. "We've talked about
this over and over."

Of the $970,000 in HOME funding invested in the project, $670,000 went to repay
the loan on behalf of the ailing nonprofit organization, which later went out of
business. The city partnered with a new developer, which built three
single-family houses, including one sold to Jose Bonilla, a security guard, who
had been bunking with family members in a mobile home.

"My goal was to have my kids living in a house," Bonilla said. "My kids have a
back yard where they can play."

The new developer, the nonprofit Charlotte-Mecklenburg Housing Partnership, also
renovated the remaining duplexes, lined up potential buyers and turned the
houses back over to the city in about 2002. But the units sat empty for years,
and the city eventually agreed to tear them down.

"All we've been doing since then is taking care of the lots," said Pat Garrett,
president of the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Housing Partnership.

Garrett said she isn't sure why the homes were never occupied. Wideman said the
sale of the units fell through, and, over time, the duplexes deteriorated.

No houses were built to replace them.

'So much potential here'

Just past the barbershop where haircuts are $9, past the red brick sign that
says "Welcome to Reid Park. Founded 1935," four large lots sit empty.

In recent weeks, Habitat for Humanity of Charlotte signed on to the project,
with plans to build four single-family houses by next year using money from
private donations. Habitat has already built 26 houses in the neighborhood. For
its part, the city has made improvements to west-side streets, sidewalks,
shopping centers and small businesses.

"There's so much potential here," said Bert Green, Habitat's executive director.

Some residents say they are still waiting for signs of progress. One of the
empty lots is next to a house that 85-year-old Lillian McGee and her husband
built nearly five decades ago, when she said the street was still unpaved and
rutted by wagon wheels.

"A lot of money went into that property," said McGee's brother, 91-year-old Alex
Jones, who lives with his sister. "They could have built up this neighborhood
with young families."

cenziperd@washpost.com

Staff researcher Jennifer Jenkins and database editor Ted Mellnik contributed to
this report.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             803 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              San Ramon Valley Times

                    December 18, 2003 Thursday FINAL EDITION

DEVELOPER AIRS NAVLET SITE PLANS;
THE PROPOSAL WILL USE MUCH OF THE DANVILLE LAND FOR RETAIL, OFFICE SPACE

BYLINE: LINDA DAVIS,, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 443 words

DATELINE: DANVILLE


DANVILLE - A proposal to build apartments, retail and office space on the
10-acre Navlet's site at Camino Ramon and Sycamore Valley Road had its first
public airing Tuesday night, before the Town Council and the planning
commission.

The Navlet's site is the last significant commercial parcel in town.

Local developer Blake Hunt Ventures wants to build 48,450 square feet of
specialty retail and office space on 5 acres of the land, and 54 multi-family
rental apartments on 2 acres. The remaining 2 acres would contain a new Navlet's
garden center on the southern portion of the site. Navlet's now operates a
garden center and rock and gravel operation there; the mixed-use project would
be called the Rose Garden.

The high visibility "gateway" parcel has been eyed by developers for more than a
decade. Various proposals to build a hotel, home improvement center or
grocery-drug store complex have fallen away, partly due to discouragement by
town planners over traffic issues or appropriateness of those uses there.

Brad Blake of Blake Hunt hopes this new proposal will see the light.

"We were encouraged by the council and the commission and plan to move full
speed ahead (considering their) comments and suggestions," Blake said Wednesday.
"We would like to think we have credibility with the council."

Blake Hunt hopes to have a formal application to the town within the next few
months. Tuesday's study session was the first of many public meetings to come.

Longtime Councilman Mike Doyle sees merit in the project, especially the housing
units.

"I wish we had more apartments in town," Doyle said. "It is difficult for young
people who have grown up here to afford to move back and have a place of their
own."

There is a median home price of $800,000 in Danville, and a limited number of
affordable housing units or apartments for young families.

Planning commissioner Mark Graham said most residents' comments Tuesday focused
on concerns about the traffic another retail complex would generate. Graham said
there would be no driveways on or off Sycamore Valley Road, and a thorough
traffic analysis will be part of the project planning.

The parcel is bounded to the west by a Best Western lodge, a restaurant and
service station, and by the Iron Horse Trail to the east. It's across from the
park-and-ride lot to the north, with residential neighborhoods to the south.

"I give credit to the developers who brought this out early to give people a
chance to get their voices heard," Doyle said. "People have to know something is
going in there eventually."

Reach Linda Davis at 925-743-2218 or ldavis@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2003 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             804 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Pioneer Press Newspapers, Suburban Chicago

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 21, 2016 Tuesday

Highwood mulls petition for 5-story rental building

BYLINE: Karen Berkowitz, Pioneer Press Newspapers, Suburban Chicago

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 411 words


June 21--The Highwood City Council is considering a developer's petition to
construct a five-story, 52-unit apartment building on the site of a former
restaurant next to the Highwood Recreation Center.

Six months ago, the city of Highwood agreed to sell the property at 440 Green
Bay Road to developer Jeffry Pickus for $350,000 and provide up to $985,000 in
Tax Increment Financing (TIF) assistance using future tax revenue generated by
the project. Under the agreement, the purchase price is among the expenses
eligible for reimbursement.

On June 8, Pickus' petition for a Planned Unit Development received a favorable
recommendation from the city's Planning and Zoning Commission.

The project would include retail space on the ground floor, a mix of one- and
two-bedroom apartments on the upper stories and 82 parking spaces inside the
building.

The commission tied its recommendation to a list of conditions, including that
the developer offer neighbors landscaping and screening options at the
developer's expense.

A consultant hired by Highwood to review the zoning application found the
project was consistent with the city's vision for transit-oriented, multi-family
housing in the downtown area.

In the report, however, the consultant, Leslie Oberholtzer of Codametrics,
raised concerns that the parking structure would be built up to the rear
property line abutting single-family and four-unit residences on Funston Avenue
to the west. Oberholtzer favored setting the development back from the property
line.

The consultant also raised concern about the lack of landscaping and permeable
surface and the location of the garage entrance off Green Bay Road.

In the TIF agreement reached in December, the developer agreed to accept less in
subsidies if the new tax revenue from the project was not enough to cover the
full amount.

State law requires the city to retain 40 percent of the new tax revenue from a
housing development in a TIF district to cover school tuition payments for
children who attend public school. The payments would be made to North Shore
School District 112 and Township High School District 113, which would not
realize new property tax revenue from the development until the TIF district
expires in 2026.

kberkowitz@pioneerlocal.com

@KarenABerkowitz

___ (c)2016 Pioneer Press Newspapers (Suburban Chicago, Ill.) Visit Pioneer
Press Newspapers (Suburban Chicago, Ill.) at www.chicagotribune.com/suburbs
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160621-PIO-Highwood-mulls-petition-for-5-story-rental
-building-0621-20160621

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PIO


                          Copyright 2016 Pioneer Press


                             805 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 10, 2015 Saturday

Affodable housing shortage leaves some on streets

BYLINE: Hannah Yang, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1157 words


Oct. 10--Affordable housing shortages remain one of the main contributors to
homelessness, according to experts.

Research conducted by the Minnesota Partnership for Housing revealed that no
county within the state had a sufficient supply of rental housing for extremely
low income renters (ELI) For a quarter of the state, there were only 30 units or
fewer that are available and affordable for every 100 ELI renters.

"I think rural homelessness is different than urban because there's more
substandard housing in rural areas, poverty rates are higher, and incomes are
lower," said Nan Roman, president and CEO of the National Alliance to End
Homelessness.

Of Minnesota's homeless population, about 40 percent live in rural regions of
Greater Minnesota, according to the Minnesota Coalition for the Homeless.

Demand for affordable housing has increased, and supply hasn't, Roman said.

Between 2009 and 2014, a quarter of Minnesota's counties had no new units
permitted in multi-family buildings, and another quarter had fewer than 20 units
permitted. Most of the housing units constructed were concentrated in the Twin
Cities and in larger Greater Minnesota metros.

Among southeastern Minnesota counties, Mower County had the second largest
increase in median rent since 2000 among all the state's counties, at 35 percent
after adjusting for inflation. Between 2009 and 2013, the median rent in the
county was $695. Olmsted County ranked among the lowest increases, at 6 percent,
however, the median rent was $796, according to the MPH.

As of 2015, there are only 29 affordable and available housing units for every
100 extremely low-income renters in Mower County.

Often, affordable housing projects are difficult to develop because they require
subsidies from local, state or federal government to work financially. while
market-rate developers are able to make profits from higher rent, said Cheryl
Jacobson, Olmsted County Housing and Redevelopment Authority Director.

The rent alone often doesn't pay the costs of low-income housing, because it's
usual below market level. "This leaves projects either not built or the
developers are left with a gap in financing. They need to fill that gap and find
outside resources in order to fill that gap."

Where there is no shelter

For rural counties in southeastern Minnesota, the homeless face different
obstacles when trying to receive assistance.

"Those are some things make people more vulnerable to homelessness," Roman said.
"There is not as much shelter infrastructure, there isn't much transitional
housing, and the gamut of help is not as present in rural areas as urban."

The majority of federal funding for homeless resources are often distributed to
higher concentrations of homeless populations in metropolitan areas such as the
Twin Cities and cities like Rochester, Roman said.

Rural Minnesotans are left with few options for assistance, said Kenza
Hadj-Moussa, Communications Director for the Minnesota Coalition for the
Homeless.

"There's a huge gap for providing services to rural Minnesotans."

In Austin, there is no long-term homeless shelter.

"The challenge is finding the best way to help and to help in a way that will
lead to long-lasting stability, or at the very least, extended times of
stability by addressing the underlying issues," said Lori Esper, case worker for
the Austin chapter of the Salvation Army.

Building a homeless shelter doesn't always work, because there aren't a high
number of chronically homeless people, Esper said. That would only help in the
short term, anyway.

"The larger issue in the long term is helping people become self-sufficient,"
Esper said. "That is a challenge that takes time and more resources."

Currently, Austin's Salvation Army assists the homeless by using a grant from
the United Way to house them at an area hotel up to three nights, depending on
the situation. Within the last fiscal year, the non-profit group assisted 116
people with 142 nights of lodging. Cost for the hotel is $45 for one person, per
night and goes up with each additional household member. However, it's only
offered during the winter, because of limited funding.

Rather than a shelter, a potential solution is through "rapid rehousing" -- a
concept based on quickly finding permanent housing for people experiencing
homelessness.

"We need to find a way to permanently place those who are experiencing
homelessness," Esper said. "The goal should be getting people to a point where
they can provide for themselves or in cases where that is not possible, a
permanent supportive shelter that has professional services."

Some experts say that there needs to be a balance in providing short-term
shelter beds and finding permanent housing solutions for the homeless while
providing resources to prevent homelessness to begin with.

"There's kind of old paradigm," Hadj-Moussa said. "If there is a major shift for
permanent housing solutions, then we are in agreement that shelter beds aren't
the answer, but we also do need temporary services for when people are in
emergency situations...there needs to be a balance."

Others say that it doesn't make sense to build large shelters or big
infrastructure to provide shelter and that it's more effective to tackle the
problem before it becomes a problem.

"People need a roof over their heads," Roman said. "There needs to be a focus on
rapid re-housing, and providing tools preventing homelessness before people can
become homeless."

'A place to call your own'

One of those people is Vera Herr, a divorced mother of two and a military
veteran had been looking for affordable housing.

While her children ran around Cimarron Park, Herr said her children stay with
her ex-husband for most of the time while she attends Rochester Community and
Technical College as a full-time student -- a stipulation her parents had set in
order for Herr to stay with them.

"Both of them (the children) are happier I'm close now, instead of farther
away," she added.

If she were to get kicked out of her parents' house, Herr said she has a
commercial driver's license to return to trucking and would probably have to put
her hopes of getting a degree on hold as well as never having enough time to
spend time with her children and ending the road to gaining custody.

"I will have to quit school, take up a job over the road where I can pretty much
live in the truck all year round, and burn the candle at both ends to maybe be
able to afford a home in a few years."

Currently, Herr is studying laboratory sciences in hopes of receiving a
four-year degree and entering the medical career field.

Mostly though, she wants to continue bettering herself for her family and takes
each day one step at a time.

"Home is a place to call your own," Herr said. "Just not having to worry about
where you're going to stay next, I would say is a home to me."

___ (c)2015 the Post-Bulletin Visit the Post-Bulletin at www.postbulletin.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151010-RC-Affodable-housing
-shortage-leaves-some-on-streets-1010-20151010

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2015 Post-Bulletin


                             806 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            Colorado Springs Business Journal (Colorado Springs, CO)

                            November 4, 2011 Friday

Goodwill move in Colorado Springs opens door for Westside redevelopment

BYLINE: Amanda Miller

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 822  words


Westside residents say that when Goodwill Industries of Colorado Springs leaves
Old Colorado City for new offices on Garden of the Gods Road in the Springs
they'd like to see mixed-use development, food stores, apartments, a convention
center - or all of the above take its place.

Goodwill representatives held a meeting on Oct. 26 to gather neighborhood
comments about possibilities for the 3.25 acres it owns, including buildings
that occupy the full north and south sides of the 2300 block of Colorado Avenue,
as well as a building on Cucharras Street and a smaller block of property on
Pikes Peak Avenue.

Residents gave suggestions and voiced concerns.

David Hughes, a long-time Westside resident, historian and preservation
activist, advocated for a small convention center that could host smaller
businesses, military groups and out-of-town organizations.

"I firmly believe someone could stand to make a lot of money on a small center,"
he said.

Others said they prefer a mixed-use development with a blend of retail and
office space on the ground floor with lofts or apartments above.

Andrea Barker, an architect with HB&A Architects, led the discussion about what
could take Goodwill's place.

She said redevelopment of the area is close to her heart because she worked at
one of the Old Colorado City shops when she was young, and loved the feel of the
historic district.

"We'd go past these Goodwill buildings and I always felt like they weren't the
most aesthetically pleasing and didn't really fit with the character of the
community here," she said.

Because the land is adjacent to the historic district and just a block from
Bancroft Park, it's prime for redevelopment, Barker said.

Goodwill President Karla Grazier reminded residents that Goodwill has no control
over who buys the property or what the buyer will ultimately do with it. But the
organization wanted to give residents a forum where they could air their ideas.

Those ideas as well as residents' concerns will be included in a marketing
package for the property.

"It made sense to understand where the neighborhood was coming from," said Jim
Spittler, the broker with NAI Highland Commercial Group who will market the
property for Goodwill. "It's going to be important to potential buyers to know
what the neighborhood would support."

He said it's not a given that a new buyer would choose to tear down the old
Goodwill buildings.

"That's one of the visions in marketing it," he said. "But we're in a very
difficult market and all the options have to stay on the table."

The parcels on the north and south sides of Colorado Ave. are zoned for
buildings as tall as 45 feet or about four stories and allows multiple uses,
including retail, office and even multi-family dwellings.

The land on Cucharras Street is zoned to allow light industrial uses along with
several other commercial uses, including multi-family housing. Buildings heights
of 40 feet would be allowed.

Another small parcel on Pikes Peak Avenue is zoned R2, which allows duplexes.

Barker said that if a larger development were built parking areas could be
incorporated either underground or stacked adjacent to new buildings.

Whatever the future holds, maintaining the spirit of the community is a
priority, residents said.

"Downtown is just downtown with a bunch of tall buildings," said Emily Dante, an
Old Colorado City resident. "There's not the sense of community that's here. I
don't want them to just come in and build buildings. I hope profit doesn't
oversee our vision for our community."

She said she'd like to see other nonprofits move in to fill the space Goodwill
leaves.

"For someone to come in and build three floors of lofts on top of retail, that's
not our vision or it's not my vision for our community," Dante said. "We're a
quirky bunch."

Another resident, Mark Cunningham, disagreed. He said he'd like to see
development and recommended apartments.

"There's a market for rental housing in Old Colorado City especially modern
rental housing," he said.

Meeting attendees were asked to vote about preferences and mixed-use development
and a food store were the overwhelming choices

One resident suggested a Whole Foods grocery story with lofts above it.

Residents also favored bed and breakfasts, multi-family housing, restaurants and
public assembly space, recreation, cultural and health care facilities.

Things that were on the "no" list included a drug and alcohol detox center,
automotive business, mini-warehouses, manufacturing and funeral services.

Goodwill begins moving its 166 employees into its new space on West Garden of
the Gods Road near the new El Paso County offices in the spring. About 30
employees who work with the county on its low-income energy assistance program
have already made the move.

The El Pomar Foundation is footing the bill for Goodwill's new location, which
Goodwill will lease from the foundation for five to 10 years before El Pomar
donates the building to Goodwill.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             807 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 13, 2011 Monday

City building a plan for housing comeback

BYLINE: Don Spatz, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 664 words


June 13--The newest draft of the city's housing and economic development
strategy calls for heftier code enforcement and getting rid of blighted
properties, and the targeting of one or two smaller areas -- such as Ricktown or
Centre Park -- for public and private investment.

However, it warns against major demolition, which is what the city has long
envisioned in the multiblock Buttonwood Gateway area, and turning the land over
to a builder.

"Because financing for large-scale new construction ventures is not likely to be
available for some time, a target area that offers opportunities for investment
in housing preservation is preferable to one where large parcels of cleared land
are located," a section of the 61-page draft reads.

Instead, it calls for some selective clearing but mostly preservation.

"Within a relatively low number of blocks a program of acquisition leading to
clearance is the only feasible option," it reads. "In the vast majority of
residential blocks, however, a preservation-oriented approach designed to remove
illegal or substandard housing and increase the value of existing housing offers
the best prospects for future success."

The city's Act 47 financial recovery plan called for the city to develop new
housing and economic development strategies, but did not specify what they
should be.

"The housing side is a good plan, but the economic development side still needs
work," said Vaughn D. Spencer, president of City Council, which has been asked
to approve it.

The plan was put together from September through February by three consultants
-- chief among them John Kromer, senior consultant at the University of
Pennsylvania's Fels Institute of Government -- following a series of discussions
and public hearings.

Eric D. Weiss, Allentown's former codes enforcement director, wrote the housing
side, and James E. Hartling, principal of Urban Partners, wrote the economic
development side.

Now in its second draft, the plan takes a three- to five-year approach, and
claims it documents specific actions already under way or ready to launch.

"Reading needs to work to overcome serious economic challenges at a time when
private capital is scarce, when significant reductions in state and federal aid
seem assured, and when recovery from a recession of historic proportions is far
from over," the draft reads. "Reading has been targeted by absentee real estate
investors seeking to profit from purchasing and holding low-cost housing in
anticipation of future gain."

Looking within

But it also highlights city government's internal problems:

"The worst of these investors have been skilled at 'gaming' the code enforcement
system which, until recently, had not been organized to defend the city's
communities against negligent property owners and to reward responsible
investor-owners," the draft reads.

It adds: "During a prior mayoral administration, code enforcement was almost
non-existent, and investor owners had a free hand in converting single-family
properties to multi-family use, maintaining illegal property uses and allowing
health and safety hazards to remain unaddressed."

Outlining how the city's rate of homeownership has seen a significant decrease
-- about 55 percent of city housing units are rentals, and 45 percent
owner-occupied -- it claims the trend cannot be reversed by building more homes
for sale.

"Instead, the best way to stimulate the sale housing market is by making
existing neighborhoods more marketable for both sales and rental housing by
removing blight and reinforcing existing investment by owner-occupants and
responsible investor-owners," it reads.

Contact Don Spatz: 610-371-5027 or dspatz@readingeagle.com

To see more of the Reading Eagle, or to subscribe, go to
http://www.readingeagle.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Reading Eagle, Pa. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the
content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110613-RE-City-building-a-plan-for-housing-comeback-0613-20110613

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2011 Reading Eagle


                             808 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   New Orleans CityBusiness (New Orleans, LA)

                                January 21, 2008

$41M Gulf Opportunity Zone investment to build senior housing

BYLINE: CityBusiness Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 154  words


Providence Community Housing and Enterprise will invest $41 million in Gulf
Opportunity Zone low-income housing tax credit equity to renovate three senior
apartment buildings and one multi-family apartment building.

Providence closed the four properties, with 474 affordable units, in December.

The 10-story Nazareth Inn and six-story Nazareth II in eastern New Orleans on
the edge of Lake Ponchartrain will feature 270 apartments for seniors age 62 or
older earning no more than 50 percent of the area median income. The buildings
are part of eight senior developments being rehabilitated by the Providence and
Enterprise team, including the 106-unit Annunciation Inn in the Upper Ninth
Ward's St. Roch neighborhood, which broke ground last month.

Each property in Providence's senior housing portfolio will have rental
subsidies for returning residents. The three senior properties will open to
returning residents in late 2008.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             809 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday

Buena Vista residents appeal closure decision

LENGTH: 1416  words


Residents of Buena Vista Mobile Home Park in Palo Alto are appealing a recent
decision by a hearing officer that paved the way for the park's closure.
Hoping to save their homes, the Buena Vista Residents Association on Tuesday
filed an appeal that challenges last month's finding by hearing officer Craig
Labadie that the mobile home park owner's proposal to compensate the residents
is adequate. Residents were facing a Tuesday deadline to appeal the ruling to
the City Council, a move that was widely expected.


The appeal filed by the residents' attorneys argues that the mitigation package
offered by the family of park owner Toufic Jisser isn't adequate to compensate
the roughly 400 residents who would be displaced if the city's sole mobile home
park shuts down.
The mitigation package offered by the Jisser family in the Relocation Impact
Report -- a document put together by the Jissers that lays out its plan to
assist the displaced residents of Buena Vista -- consists of the appraised value
of each mobile home; a rent subsidy equaling the difference between the average
rent space at Buena Vista and the average market rate for a replacement house;
start-up costs equal to three months of moving expenses; and special assistance
for disabled residents.
Hearing officer Labadie reached his decision in favor of the Jissers after an
emotional three-day hearing in May, featuring testimony from residents and a
last-minute agreement by the Jissers to raise their rent-subsidy level from 40
percent to 100 percent.
In their comments, Buena Vista residents argued that the park's closure will
force them to pull their children out of Palo Alto schools and leave the city,
where affordable housing is in short supply.
Labadie noted in the Sept. 30 decision that the two parties have very divergent
views on the issue of reasonable costs of relocation.
Unfortunately, the law does not provide any empirical formula for calculating
the appropriate amount of relocation assistance in the context of a private
mobile home park closure application, Labadie said.
The appeal argues to the contrary. In reviewing the mitigation package, the
appellants contest that Labadie should have referred to the California
Relocation Assistance Act, which focuses on individuals displaced as a result of
actions made by a public entity. This could mean an acquisition of real property
by a public entity or the rehabilitation, demolition or other displacing
activity pursuant to a program or project of a public entity as to real property
on which the person is a residential tenant.  The state act also sets guidelines
and formulas for calculating relocation assistance, including a cap on payments
made by tenants for replacement housing.
Labadie noted that it's difficult to determine whether these guidelines would
have raised or lowered the level subsidies (neither side had made the
calculations). He also concluded that this question isn't relevant because the
state act doesn't apply to the Buena Vista residents because the park's closure
is an action by a private entity, not the city.
It is undisputed that the Buena Vista Mobile Home Park is not being acquired by
the City of Palo Alto, either directly or by a private party having an agreement
with the city or acting on the city's behalf, he said.
And though the city has a regulatory role in the closure process, this role is
insufficient to convert the park owner's proposal for closure of a privately
owned mobile home park into a public project undertaken by the city, he added.
The appeal disputes this interpretation. The state act, the appeal states,
applies not only when a local government undertakes a project that leads to
displacement, but also when it participates in such a project.
In 2001, the city crafted an ordinance that stabilized rents at the mobile home
park and created a process for shutting the park down. The city also served as
an intermediary for the owner and residents and approved the Relocation Impact
Report submitted by the Jissers, the appeal notes. Therefore residents should be
entitled to the provisions of the state law.
The appeal also makes a case that the mitigation package offered by the Jissers
and deemed by Labadie to be sufficient is far from so. The park owner, the
appeal notes, has failed to identify a single mobile home park that would accept
any homes or trailers within 35 miles of the Park.
Furthermore, the residents are arguing that the appraised values of the mobile
homes -- ranging between $5,500 and $45,000 -- are far too low because the
appraisal didn't consider the homes' in-place value. Though Labadie specified
that his approval hinges on an updated appraisal, the residents note that the
new estimate would be conducted by the same appraiser who undervalued the homes
the first time around.
The appeal also challenges the hearing process and argues that the residents
were deprived of a fair hearing. That's because neither the Jissers nor some of
their expert witnesses actually testified at the three-day hearing, depriving
the Buena Vista Residents Association of a chance to cross-examine them. The
decision by the Jisser family to change the offer at the very end of the hearing
also kept the residents from commenting on the inadequacy of the amended
mitigation package, the appeal states.
Closing Buena Vista, the appeal states, would also conflict with the city's
Housing Element and with the Fail Housing Act, which Labadie deemed to be beyond
the scope of the hearing. The appeal points out that federal and state laws
recognize that actions which have a disparate impact on protected groups of
people may constitute illegal discrimination even if these groups aren't overtly
targeted. The city has an obligation, the appeal maintains, to affirmatively
further fair housing.
The closure of Buena Vista Mobile Home Park would certainly have a
discriminatory effect on Latinos in Palo Alto and would likely also have a
discriminatory effect on people with disabilities and families with children,
the appeal letter states. Accordingly, any relocation assistance must ensure
that the residents can access housing in communities that have opportunities
similar to those in Palo Alto. Moreover, failing to preserve the Park and
allowing the displacement of its current residents in the Park would be a
violation of the City's obligation to affirmatively further fair housing.
The appeal was filed by Nadia Aziz and Kyra Kazantzis of the Public Interest Law
Firm and Fair Housing Law Project at the Law Foundation of Silicon Valley. The
legal team also includes Navneet Grewal, S. Lyn Martinez and Sue Himmelrich of
the Western Center on Law and Poverty and Matthew Dolan of Sidley Austin LLP.
According to an appraisal conducted during the closure process, the property is
currently valued at about $14.5 million under its current use. If the property
is rezoned to accommodate a multi-family housing development, the value would
jump up to $28.8 million. In April 2013, residents made an offer to the Jissers
to buy the park for $14.5 million, but the offer was rejected in September.
Labadie notes that the owner has reiterated after the hearing an unwillingness
to sell the park to the residents.
Yet it's far from clear what type of development the five-acre site at 3980 El
Camino Real will ultimately accommodate, should Buena Vista close. The developer
Prometheus Real Estate Group had entered into an agreement with the Jissers in
2012 to develop 180-units of high-end housing on the site. In June, the real
estate giant filed a quitclaim deed, nullifying this agreement.
Speculation about Buena Vista's future has also become a hot topic in the City
Council race, with candidates generally agreeing that the city should take some
role in assisting Buena Vista residents, should the park close.
At an Oct. 2 forum, candidate Eric Filseth called Buena Vista's pending closure
a huge tragedy while candidate Lydia Kou said the city should consider extending
a loan to a nonprofit to develop affordable housing at the Buena Vista site, a
deal comparable to one that the city made last year with the Palo Alto Housing
Corporation to a housing development on Maybell Avenue that voters ultimately
shot down.
Candidate A.C. Johnston said it should be a priority for the council and the
city to find a place for additional affordable housing. He said he is
sympathetic to the park's residents.
I want to find ways to help them, Johnston said. 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             810 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                  February 26, 2000 Saturday PENINSULA EDITION

SARATOGA LANDLORD FACES NEW CHARGES FEDERAL CLAIM ALLEGES MAN OPERATED SECOND
HOUSING SCHEME

BYLINE: ED POPE, Mercury News Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 422 words


A wealthy Saratoga landlord who already has admitted to state charges of
illegally collecting housing subsidies in Santa Clara County now faces federal
charges alleging a similar scheme in Contra Costa County.

Nemat Maleksalehi, who has substantial holdings of Bay Area real estate, was
indicted Tuesday on federal charges of mail and wire fraud and money laundering
in a scheme that allegedly netted $1.3 million in housing subsidies intended for
the poor in Pittsburg.

Maleksalehi, 57, who also uses the names Matt Madison and Matt Malek and resides
in a palatial, hilltop home, already faces up to three years in state prison for
his guilty and no-contest pleas to charges he conducted a similar scheme in
Santa Clara County.

If convicted of the new charges -- 11 counts of wire and mail fraud and three
counts of money laundering -- Maleksalehi could spend up to five years in
federal prison for each of the fraud charges and up to 20 years for each of the
laundering violations, said the U.S. Attorney's Office in San Jose.

The indictment charges that from Jan. 31, 1991, through Dec. 2, 1996,
Maleksalehi defrauded the federal Housing and Urban Development Department of
$1.3 million by submitting false invoices, financial records, tenant records and
other documents.

The alleged scheme was carried out, prosecutors said, at the HUD-insured
Pittsburg Plaza, a 126-unit multi-family housing project on Harbor Drive, which
he owned and which his real estate firm, Housing Network in Los Altos, managed.

The indictment charges that Maleksalehi used false documents and the cover of a
construction company he controlled to siphon off the federal subsidies for his
own benefit and the benefit of others. The U.S. Attorney's Office said he
illegally collected funds from a special trust account for major maintenance,
knowingly allowed ineligible tenants to reside in the apartment complex,
submitted false, fraudulent and fictitious expenses to HUD and deceived his
accountant with false documents, knowing that HUD relied on such an audit in
determining Maleksalehi's compliance.

The defendant is to appear before U.S. Magistrate Patricia Trumbull on March 2
for a bail hearing.

Earlier this month, Maleksalehi pleaded guilty and no contest in Superior Court
on five counts of grand theft brought by the Santa Clara County District
Attorney's Office for a similar scheme. In that scheme, which operated from 1990
to 1996, he defrauded the county Housing Authority of $212,000, authorities
said.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2000 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             811 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


           Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 24, 2009 Monday

Ministry applies for federal grant: Christian International Ministries Network
in Walton County wants to build a multi-family development off U.S. Highway 98

BYLINE: Kimberly White, Northwest Florida Daily News, Fort Walton Beach

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 582 words


Aug. 24--SANTA ROSA BEACH -- A Santa Rosa Beach-based religious organization
should find out in the next six to eight weeks whether its application for
federal funding to pay for an affordable-housing project has been approved.

Tim Hamon, CEO of Christian International Ministries Network, said the funding
would pay for at least 90 percent of the project.

Members of the Walton County Commission met last week with representatives from
the Christian International Network of Prophetic Ministries Inc., a
limited-liability company Hamon said was founded earlier this year specifically
for the affordable-housing project.

The commissioners approved the project, which calls for a 92-unit, multifamily
development on 24 acres of land owned by Christian International Ministries. The
property is located across the street from the Christian International Church
campus on U.S. Highway 98.

The commissioners also agreed in May to write a letter in support of the
project.

Jason Catalano, Commissioner Cecilia Jones's aide, said the deadline to apply
for the federal funding was last Wednesday, but the development agreement had to
get approval from the county's planning department and the County Commission
before it could be submitted.

The Planning Commission and County Commission approved the plan last week.

Catalano said the original plan "was much larger, but they had to cut it down
some due to some land-use issues, and because they're waiting for the EAR-based
amendments, along with everyone else."

The federal grant is administered through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
Section 538 Guaranteed Rural Rental Housing Program, according to USDA
spokeswoman Ellen Boukari.

"The ministry remains in an equity position, but it's operated by the (state)
program itself," Hamon said.

He said he did not know offhand how much money his group requested because a
consultant prepared the grant application.

The program is part of the faith-based initiatives implemented by former
President George W. Bush.

In early February, President Barack Obama established the White House Office and
Presidents Advisory Council of Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships. Among
that program's priorities are to integrate community groups into economic
recovery efforts, find ways to address teenage pregnancy and reduce the need for
abortions, and support fathers who remain with their families.

According to the Department of Agriculture's Web site, the loans are funded by
conventional lenders such as banks and mortgage companies. The department
protects the lender "by limiting the loss in the event of default."

Eligible applicants include for-profit companies, nonprofit organizations and
public entities. Although religious organizations might receive federal funds,
regulations state that those organizations must serve all eligible participants
regardless of their religious beliefs, and "prohibits organizations from using
direct federal funds to support any inherently religious activities (such as
worship, religious instructions or proselytization)."

To see more of the Northwest Florida Daily News or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.nwfdailynews.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Northwest
Florida Daily News, Fort Walton Beach Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090824-FO-Ministry-applies-for-federal-grant-0824

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FO


                  Copyright 2009 Northwest Florida Daily News


                             812 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            April 29, 2006 Saturday

Search on for someone to join committee on affordable housing

BYLINE: By Joanna Parsons, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 386 words


CHINO HILLS - The city is looking for someone to serve on a committee that will
look at how to spend money being collected for an affordable housing program.

The program, recently adopted by the City Council, requires developers to pay a
fee for each home they build. The fees help the city address state standards
requiring cities to provide a certain amount of affordable housing.

The committee will look at different ways the city can use the fees to promote
affordable housing and will make recommendations to the council at the end of
the year.

''I hope this advisory group will come up with something that's easy to do and
that will be easy to implement,'' said Mayor Ed Graham.

The committee already includes representatives from the City Council, the
Planning Commission, the Parks and Recreation Commission, the Public Works
Commission, as well as representatives from the Building Industry Association
and Habitat for Humanity.

Zai Abu Bakar, Chino Hills principal planner, said the prospective committee
member must be a local builder who has worked in the Chino Hills area, and the
person can be a developer.

''We are hoping that the committee can come up with a program that is more
tailored toward Chino Hills,'' Bakar said. Bakar and City Planner Jeff Adams
said the options being explored include using the fees to assist nonprofit
organizations in building homes, providing rental assistance or giving financial
support to first-time home buyers.

Cities with redevelopment agencies are required to spend some of their revenue
for affordable housing in their cities. Chino Hills has no redevelopment agency
but would have to raise money for that purpose through fees.

Adams and Graham said the amount of fees collected annually will fluctuate,
depending on the amount of homes built each year. There's an interim fee of $1
per square foot of a single family unit, up to $3,500, until June 1l, followed
by a permanent fee of $1 per square foot of a multi-family unit, up to $1,000.

Projects affected by the fee include the Fieldstone project at Soquel Canyon and
the Vila Borba project, a 631-unit development on Butterfield Ranch, Adams said.

Committee members will meet once a month from May to December.

Joanna Parsons can be reached by e-mail at joanna.parsons@dailybulletin.com or
by phone at (909) 483-8555.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             813 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              July 31, 2016 Sunday

Overhaul planned for apartments;
54-unit, 3-building complex has been abandoned for years.;
DAYTON

BYLINE: By Cornelius Frolik

SECTION: ; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 521 words


The Ryburn Court apartments are in Dayton's North Riverdale neighborhood. The
three buildings each contain 18 units, and the basements have laundry areas.

A Virginia company plans to rehab 54 abandoned apartment units in a part of
Dayton that has a fairly large number of vacant multi-family structures.

The new owners of the former Ryburn Court apartments plan to renovate the trio
of identical, two-story buildings on the 300 block of Ryburn Avenue.

The owners say the project will make the apartments among the nicest in the
neighborhood, which city officials said was welcome news considering ongoing
issues with disinvestment in the area.

Dayton is home to about 730 vacant multi-family structures, which often are
among the most visible eyesores in local neighborhoods.

"Our goal is to completely renovate the three apartment buildings inside and
out," said Milad Wahed, whose sister owns the buildings.

On Tuesday, the Dayton Board of Zoning Appeals approved a use variance to allow
the reoccupation of the Ryburn Court apartments after years of abandonment.

The board approved the request with some conditions, including the requirement
that the new property manager live on site. The apartments are located in the
North Riverdale neighborhood.

The apartment complex's three structures each contain 18 units, featuring two
bedrooms, said Abigail Free, a planner with the city. The basements have laundry
areas.

The apartment complex was built in 1949 and was grandfathered in as a
non-conforming use when the city updated its zoning code in 2006, Free said.

A variance is required because the apartments are located in a single-family
residential zoning district.

A group called Ryburn Apartments LLC purchased the properties for $110,000 in
2015.

The company is owned by Wahed, who lives in Alexandria, Va.

The renovation project will include granite countertops, custom cabinets and
hardwood flooring, said Wahed. The company plans to pay for security and grounds
crews to maintain and look over the property, he said.

The company plans to designate only about one to two units per building as
low-income housing.

The project will increase property values in the neighborhood and will return
what is now an eyesore to productive use, he said.

The structures today are on the city's nuisance list for a variety of code
violations.

Dayton Board of Zoning Appeals members said they want to see the project succeed
and help repopulate the neighborhood.

Hopefully "it'll be an anchor to spearhead additional development in the area,
which is always a good thing," said Mary Beth Caudill, board member.

Vacant and deteriorating apartment buildings remain an issue in Dayton.

The city is home to about 4,030 multi-family structures, and nearly one in five
is vacant, according to a comprehensive property survey completed by the city
last year.

More than 350 of the vacant structures are in need of major repairs or
rehabilitation, and 22 are dilapidated, the survey found. Demolition funding the
city receives typically cannot be used for larger multi-family dwellings.

Contact this reporter at 937-225-0749 or email Cornelius. Frolik@coxinc.com

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             814 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Jamestown Sun (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 17, 2014 Tuesday

Affordable housing; JSDC to seek more input on state program

BYLINE: Chris Olson, The Jamestown Sun, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 659 words


June 17--The Jamestown/Stutsman Development Corp. Executive Committee will meet
with local lenders before making a recommendation to the JSDC Board of Director
about participating in the Bank of North Dakota Flex Pace Affordable Housing
program.

The program may provide an interest rate buy down up to a maximum of $500,000,
helping finance affordable multi-family housing units.

The Bank of North Dakota's website lists criteria for eligibility. The
affordable housing project must be located in North Dakota. A maximum of $25,000
interest buy down is available for each unit committed to affordable housing.
The program can be used with other state and federal government affordable
housing programs. The BND Flex Pace Affordable Housing program is in effect
until June 30, 2015.

The JSDC Executive Committee reviewed a draft resolution to establish an
affordable workforce housing project that would be funded in part by the BND
Flex Pace Affordable Housing program. Under the proposed resolution, the JSDC
would provide up to $1.5 million as a "community share" to jump-start
affordable, multi-family workforce affordable housing projects in Jamestown and
Stutsman County. Up to $500,000 of these funds would come from the BND program.

JSDC Executive Committee members said they agreed there is a need for affordable
housing in Jamestown and Stutsman County, but questioned if the BND program is
the best choice. One of the BND program's requirements is that any benefit a
developer receives through the program must be passed on to the tenants.

Mayor Katie Andersen asked why a developer for a multi-family project would go
through all the process for qualifying for the BND program, only to see the
benefit go to the tenant.

Stutsman County Housing Authority Director David Klein said these kinds of
projects are pursued by developers who specialize in building affordable housing
.

Another problem the JSDC will face in using this program is interpreting what
"affordable" housing means locally. Klein presented the results of a fair market
rent study done by the U.S Department of Housing and Urban Development in
Stutsman County in 2013. HUD rents for affordable housing would range from $503
for an efficiency apartment to $667 for a two-bedroom and up to $1,094 for a
four-bedroom apartment.

JSDC CEO Connie Ova said using these figures, the JSDC figured in a 5 percent
higher rate for fair market rents. These rents would be the ceiling for
affordable rents, with a one-bedroom apartment renting for $532 a month and a
two-bedroom for $700 a month.

JSDC Executive Committee members said they want to hear from lenders and
developers about how much a project like the JSDC is proposing would be used.
Ova said the JSDC staff will try to schedule the special meeting on June 25.

The JSDC Board of Directors held its meeting Monday following the executive
committee meeting. The board:

-- approved a Flex PACE interest buy down for Marvel Homes Inc., to assist in
construction of an office for the business. The business will be securing a
$270,000 loan from First Community Credit Union with a 20-year amortization and
interest rate of 5 percent being bought down to 1 percent. The total buy down
amount for the community share is $43,000. The $43,000 will be an 80/20 split
between Stutsman County and the city of Jamestown. The county's share would be
$34,400, and the city's share would be $8,600 because the office would be
located in the county.

-- denied a request for a $12,000 grant from Jamestown City Councilman Charlie
Kourajian to build a bus stop shelter. Gary Riffe, board president, said he
personally supports the project, but didn't think the JSDC was the proper
funding source for the project.

Sun reporter Chris Olson can be reached at 701-952-8454 or by email at
colson@jamestownsun.com

___ (c)2014 The Jamestown Sun (Jamestown, N.D.) Visit The Jamestown Sun
(Jamestown, N.D.) at www.jamestownsun.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140617-QJ-Affordable-housing
-JSDC-to-seek-more-input-on-state-program-0617-20140617

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QJ


                        Copyright 2014 The Jamestown Sun


                             815 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

Regulatory update: Minnesota Public Utilities Commission;CITY OF SAINT PAUL, has
issued ( 16-115 ) COMMENTS--RE MULTI FAMILY BUILDING EFFICIENCY PROGRAM
2017-2019

LENGTH: 583  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul:  Minnesota Public Utilities Commission has issued the following
document (docket):



 Commissioner Grant:

 On behalf of the City of Saint Paul, I am pleased to provide comments regarding
the above referenced PUC Dockets. Last year Saint Paul submitted a letter of
support for Xcel Energy and CenterPoint Energy for their efforts to modify their
Conservation Improvement Program (CIP) Plans by extending energy conservation
resources to multifamily buildings. We believed then, and continue to believe
now, that the Multifamily Building Efficiency Program is beneficial to
multifamily building owners, the residents who live in those buildings, and the
environment. For these same reasons the City of Saint Paul supports the
extension and expansion of this program through 2019.



 We commend Xcel Energy and CenterPoint Energy for proposing to increase the
budget of the Multifamily Building Efficiency Program from $1.6 million dollars
over 1.5 years to $7 million dollars over three years. We strongly support the
companies' proposal to expand the program over time from a program budget of
$974,000 and 2,000 participants in 2016 to a budget of $3.28 million dollars and
6,865 participants in 2019.

 We consider existing multifamily buildings to be an enormous asset in Saint
Paul. They constitute a significant amount of the building stock in the Capital
City, which is home to more than 41,000 multifamily buildings with five or more
units. This represents 37% of our housing stock.

 In addition to the sheer number of multifamily buildings in Saint Paul, the
fact is they are aging, with seventy-nine percent of our residential rental
properties being built before 1950. Buildings

 of this age require reinvestment to remain viable assets in the community. In
an effort to preserve these assets, Saint Paul invests federal HOME dollars,
CDBG funds, Low Income Housing Tax Credits, and local Neighborhood STAR dollars
to restore and revitalize them. The Multifamily Building Efficiency Program is
one more tool that can help sustain Saint Paul's existing multifamily housing
stock.

 This gives rise to our one reservation about the proposed CIP plan: it's not as
robust as we think it should be. With tens of thousands of potential
participants in Saint Paul alone, we would like the Multifamily Building
Efficiency Program to ramp up more quickly. Xcel Energy has worked successfully
to overcome the growing pains expected with any new program. Now we would like
to see markedly greater penetration into the market. Saint Paul stands ready to
partner with Xcel to promote the program to multifamily building owners in the
City.

 Through energy efficient improvements, this program lowers utility bills and
can help create long-term affordability for the building owners and/or
residents. Also, as Saint Paul undertakes a greenhouse gas emissions inventory
and develops a climate action plan, reducing carbon emissions is priority for
the City and the Multifamily Building Efficiency Program will help us reach our
targets.

 We ask you to look favorably on the request by Xcel Energy and CenterPoint
Energy to extend and expand the Multifamily Building Efficiency Program.

 Thank you for considering our comments and good luck in your deliberations.

 Sincerely,

 /s/ Patricia Lilledahl

 Patricia Lilledahl

 Director of Housing

 Saint Paul Department of Planning & Economic Development



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             816 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           November 20, 2010 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

DHA applies for grant to fund housing project

BYLINE: Margaret Jackson The Denver Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B-07

LENGTH: 441 words


After three years of planning the redevelopment of South Lincoln Homes, the
Denver Housing Authority is submitting an application for a $22 million grant to
help fund the $92 million project south of downtown.

DHA officials say they think they have a good shot at getting the HOPE VI grant
because of the U.S. Housing and Urban Development's new focus on encouraging
smart growth adjacent to transit stops.

"South Lincoln will be a model TOD (transit-oriented development) community that
can be replicated at other stations," said Ismael Guerrero, DHA's executive
director who expects to hear in April whether the agency has received the grant.

The agency expects to start construction on the project in 2012. The project
will be completed in phases.

The sale of low-income housing tax credits will generate nearly $40 million in
equity for the project. Another $20 million will be financed through debt.

"This project is a very good project for us because of the potential to leverage
several million of federal funding and bringing those dollars into Colorado,"
said Jaime Gomez, director of the Colorado Housing Finance Authority's
commercial lending division, which is setting aside the tax credits for the
project. "What you're ending up with is multi-family affordable rental housing
that's leveraged with both public and private dollars."

DHA is planning to redevelop the 17.5 acres near the light-rail stop at West
10th Avenue and Osage Street with 457 residences, including 200 public housing
units, 104 workforce units and 147 market-rate units. Another six units will be
affordable.

Public and affordable housing is available to households earning less than 80
percent of the area median income of $75,900 for a family of four. Those earning
50 percent to 60 percent of the area median income are eligible for workforce
housing.

The authority already has started construction of its 100-unit senior housing
facility adjacent to the light-rail stop. That project, expected to be completed
in December 2011, received $10 million in funding under the American
Reinvestment & Recovery Act.

"That (South Lincoln Homes) project exemplifies the experience that HUD wants to
continue to promote," said Rick Garcia, HUD regional administrator. "It's a more
comprehensive approach, as opposed to just building housing.

"Part of HUD's national movement in helping communities more broadly is looking
at locations that have access to bus, rapid transit or other transportation. We
want to make sure we are making investments in areas where people won't have to
use their vehicle for every trip they make."

Margaret Jackson: 303-954-1473

or mjackson@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             817 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                             March 1, 2014 Saturday

Boulder, Broomfield counties see largest metro rent increases in 2013

BYLINE: Megan Quinn Camera Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1009 words


Rent, vacancy rate stats


More info: To learn more about trends in the Denver housing market, and to see
estimates for rental and vacancy rates in the Boulder/Broomfield area, visit
divisionofhousing.com and click "Vacancy and Rent Surveys."





 Broomfield and Boulder counties saw the largest rent increase in the
Denver-metro area last year, and local vacancy rates continued to decrease even
as new multi-family housing units are being built.





 Rental rates in the Broomfield area went up by about $95 since last year,
according to a recent report by the Colorado Division of Housing and the
Apartment Association of Metro Denver. And while vacancy rates rose in most
other metro-area counties, the Broomfield/Boulder area saw vacancy rates fall
from 3.7 to 3.4 percent, the lowest in the metro area, according to the report.



 Since last year, Boulder County overall, excluding Broomfield data, has seen
vacancy rates increase .3 percent.



 Excluding university areas, Boulder's vacancy rates are up 2 percent. Factoring
those university areas back in, vacancy rates are down .2 percent with the
current projection at 0 percent vacancies.



 Though the Broomfield-Boulder area saw the largest rent increases and lowest
vacancy rates, it is not the only area seeing rent increases. Denver County saw
the second-highest rent increase, which grew by 8.1 percent. The metro-Denver
area saw average rent go up by $63 in 2013 compared to the previous year, from
$978 to $1,041, according to the Division of Housing report.



 Broomfield residents on average are paying about 8.6 percent more for rent this
year, going from an average of $1,103 to an average of $1,198, according to the
report.



 High rents, low availability



 "Broomfield is a desirable location, and people are moving to the area for
employment and all the rest," said Cheryl St. Clair, Broomfield Housing Program
manager.



 Those circumstances could be putting the squeeze on some people looking to call
the city home, continuing a trend identified in a 2012 report. Affordable
housing is a challenge for many single parents and lower-income families,
according to Broomfield Community Foundation. The Foundation's 2012 Sweep
Report, a summary of Broomfield's demographics and services, identified the need
for more affordable housing as a priority.



 Karen Smith, executive director of the Foundation, said many of the nonprofit
organizations the Foundation provides funding to are still seeing their clients
struggle to afford rents in Broomfield.



 "I know that the problem still exists," she said.



 The Foundation has formed a working group to explore ways to create more
affordable housing options in Broomfield, but right now those ideas are in the
brainstorming and research stages, she said.



 St. Clair said there is no hard and fast rule for what can be considered
"affordable."One typical measurement of housing affordability is if housing
costs are less than 30 percent of a family's income, she said.



 Using that formula, to be able to afford the average monthly rent of $1,198, an
individual or family would have to net nearly $3,600 a month. When taking income
taxes and other paycheck deductions into consideration, a person would need to
make roughly $50,000 per year to afford that rent.



 New units on the way



 The Division of Housing report shows that while rents are going up in every
metro-area county, so, too, are vacancies, because of new housing construction,
said Ryan McMaken, an economist with the division. The exception is Broomfield.



 In the Denver-metro area as a whole, the apartment vacancy rate increased to
5.2 percent during the fourth quarter of 2013, the highest in two years, the
report stated.



 While it's not clear why there are so few vacancies in Broomfield, St. Clair
said the September floods, which impacted neighboring communities, might have
contributed to a higher demand for apartments.



 People also continue to move to Broomfield to take jobs in the area, she said.



 The city will see as many as to 2,068 units, some of which are available now,
with more available in the next year, according to a list of new and proposed
construction projects provided by Broomfield staff.



 The majority of new projects will be rental units, including condos, townhomes
and apartment buildings, said Dave Shinneman, Broomfield Community Development
director.



 Three projects on Broomfield's list have been completed, including two Vantage
Point buildings in the Via Varra area and the Arista Place apartments near the
1stBank Center, which add 376 new rental units.



 There are nine more projects under construction, including Harvest Station, a
group of 13 three-story apartment buildings off Wadsworth Boulevard, according
to the list.



 An additional seven projects have either been approved or are under review,
which could add another 1,264 units if plans move forward.



 And Broomfield could approve more projects over time, Shinneman said.



 The most recently approved project is a group of 49 duplex buildings in North
Park in northern Broomfield. City Council approved the project at its Feb. 18
meeting.



 Mark Williams, executive vice president of the Apartment Association of Metro
Denver, said new housing units are being approved and built throughout the metro
area.



 "The industry still sees relevant pent up demand out there," he said in an
email.



 Will inventory drop prices?



 An increase in rental units from new construction could drive down rental costs
in older units in Broomfield, St. Clair said, but it's a wait-and-see game when
finding out how the market will actually shake out in the next year.



 "Historically, we see older buildings reduce their rents (when new buildings
are built), but we haven't seen that yet," she said.



 If that happens over time, "we could see a bigger range of rental choices and
affordability," she said.



 Elizabeth Hernandez contributed to this report

The Harvest Station apartments, seen through the Commerce Street Bridge, are
among a number of new projects under construction or in the planning stages that
will add to Broomfield's housing inventory.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Harvest Station apartments, seen through the Commerce Street
Bridge, are among a number of new projects under construction or in the planning
stages that will add to Broomfield's housing inventory.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                             818 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             March 5, 2011 Saturday

Chico City Council OKs affordable housing in close vote

BYLINE: By LARRY MITCHELL - Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 656 words


CHICO -- Funding for an affordable-housing project that hadn't come before the
Chico City Council before was approved on a 4-3 vote at a special meeting Friday
night.

Councilors Mark Sorensen, Jim Walker and Bob Evans voted against spending $4.8
million on a 50-unit apartment complex that would be built on The Esplanade near
Shasta School.

Sorensen said he had "cost concerns" about the project, but also, he said, "the
public is unaware that this is coming down the pike."

Walker said he supports affordable housing but that he couldn't vote for this
project because he hadn't had time to really look into it.

He said council members didn't get the meeting agenda in time to allow them to
properly study the project.

Councilors who voted for the apartment complex said it was badly needed and that
there would be other occasions when the council and public could review it
thoroughly. City staff said while the project hadn't come to the council before,
a great deal of work had been done on it over a long time.

There was a reason this and three other housing projects, as well as other
matters, came before the council so hurriedly. City officials were trying to act
quickly before Gov. Jerry Brown's proposal to abolish Redevelopment Agencies
(RDAs) was acted on by the Legislature.

City manager Dave Burkland recommended that the council act to maintain control
of certain assets of the Chico RDA.

City officials see a threat to these assets in Brown's proposal. The Legislature
could vote on this proposal next week.

Brown wants to shut down RDAs so their assets can be used to help fill in the
state's huge budget deficit.

An RDA is an entity created by state law to generate funding for special
projects in "blighted" areas. RDAs can issue bonds to raise money. Selling the
bonds provides money for the projects.

At Friday's meeting, city councilors, acting as both the council and the RDA
board, voted to keep control of three kinds of assets: real estate, loans that
are being repaid to the RDA, and money designated for low-to-moderate-income
housing.

In addition to the Esplanade project, councilors approved funding for two other
affordable housing projects:

A single-family "self-help home ownership" project at 16th and D streets being
developed by Habitat for Humanity. The council added $90,000 to what it had
previously granted for this project.

A multi-family rental project at 1197 East Eighth St. and 1190 East Ninth St. to
be developed by Chico Bidwell Associates. The amount of money approved for this
38-unit apartment complex was $3.5 million.

Another project was set to be acted on Friday night, but because of a
technicality concerning the agenda, it could not be addressed. A special meeting
was scheduled for 6:30 p.m. Monday in the Council Chambers to take it up.

This project would see 90 apartments built on the south side of East Avenue just
west of The Esplanade. Funding proposed for this project amounts to $8.8
million.

Burkland said city staff have studied the language of a bill embodying Brown's
proposal and concluded if it becomes law, land held by RDAs would be sold and
the revenue turned over to county auditor-controllers. They would then
distribute the money to schools and local government programs.

At the meeting Friday, councilors voted to transfer several pieces of property
from the RDA to the city.

The property included several parcels at Chico Municipal Airport to be used for
commercial development; a parcel at Bruce and Humboldt roads, which could be
used for a city facility or commercial development; and a parcel along Comanche
Creek to be used for a greenway.

Councilors also voted to transfer three outstanding loans from the RDA to the
city. The loans were taken out to improve buildings in Chico. They are owed by
the Roth Trust ($5,389), Rami and Parbha Pillai ($20,313) and Chico Diamond
Hotel ($1,716,326).

Staff writer Larry Mitchell can be reached at 896-7759 or lmitchell@chicoer.com

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The site of the former Pear Grove mobile home park between East Eighth
and East Ninth streets is being considered for low-income housing.(Bill
Husa/Staff Photo) All Chico E-R photos are available here .

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             819 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             July 18, 2013 Thursday
                                 First Edition

US housing funds hunt yield seekers

BYLINE: Ben Wilmot

SECTION: PROPERTY; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 325 words


Two US multi-family residential property funds are being promoted for listings
on the Australian Securities Exchange.

Boutique investment and advisory firm Shartru Capital Group, chaired by former
politician Dr John Hewson, has been testing interest for a new trust.

Broker Paterson Securities is handling the offer, the proceeds of which are
expected to back the acquisition of more than $50million of assets.

Shartru Capital has been working with Riverstone Residential Group, LLC as its
US property partner.

Riverstone has 31 offices across the US and is one of the largest private
Â­multi-family managers, with a portfolio of 162,000apartments worth about
US$15billion ($16.3billion)

The offer is seen as a yield play, as the assets can be structured to capitalise
on very low US interest rates and rising demand for rental property.Domus is
back

These dynamics have prompted US group Domus to bring back a revised IPO offer to
the market.

Domus has cut the size of its offer and brought in a new brokerage as it again
tries to win support for listing.

The fund had tried to raise $80million through brokers Ord Minnett and Bell
Potter last month but fell about $8million short.

Domus has now brought stockbroking firm Paradigm Securities on board to promote
the revised float offer alongside Bell Potter and Ord Minnett.

Under the trimmed back offer Domus is seeking just $22million to acquire a
portfolio of 516apartments in two complexes it has under contract in the
southwest of the US.

Although institutions are wary, both groups are hoping that smaller investors
will want to ride the US housing recovery and be drawn in by distribution yields
of more than 9per cent.

There is also the chance for higher returns in the longer term should the
Australian dollar continue to drop in value against the US dollar.READ NEXT:
Domus scales back its ambitions in face of market turbulence Domus delays $100m
raising for second time Domus IPO on verge of collapse

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             820 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                     May 23, 1998, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

$ 1M fund targets homes for workers

BYLINE: DAVE POMMER, CALGARY HERALD

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1 / FRONT

LENGTH: 658 words


Calgary is poised to declare war on a shortage of low-cost housing during an
economic boom, with a $ 1-million fund to find solutions for the working poor.

City commissioner Sue Mallon said Friday that the money, set aside in Calgary's
1998 budget deliberations, will stimulate private-sector and government
participation to ease the housing crunch.

"We would use our ante to get things going," Mallon said. "Housing is not a city
responsibility, but we can leverage what we have."

For many new Calgarians, life in the city can mean finding a job but no place to
live. The city's hot economy has attracted thousands of workers, but the rental
vacancy rate is less than one per cent.

On April 1, there were 1,260 waiting for a city social housing unit, compared to
400 people in January 1995. Meanwhile, downtown shelters that provide emergency,
overnight and transitional housing have had overflowing demand for their 800
spaces, with about 45 per cent of those who use the shelters holding down jobs.

The city's financial commitment, which still has to be approved by council, is
part of a two-pronged approach the city is taking to address a low-cost housing
crisis ignited by rapid growth.

While the $ 1 million is designed to tackle long-term problems, the city has
organized short-term solutions, such as that announced last month: a 60-room
former barracks at CFB Calgary to house working people without homes.

Mallon said the city doesn't have specific plans for the fund and would
investigate all proposals.

The city also has sizable land holdings that could be made available for
low-income housing to kick-start a solution. "This problem is growing, it's not
diminishing," said Mallon.

Mayor Al Duerr said he is concerned that the bulk of the housing under
construction will serve the upper end of the single-family market. "Somehow we
must encourage the private sector to get into affordable housing," he said. "It
doesn't have to be fancy, just safe and clean."

That may require changes to building codes to provide the kind of basic units
needed, he said.

Duerr has said that government alone can't solve the problem. He has described
the low-cost housing shortage as a "potential long-term threat to Calgary's
social cohesion."

The city's plans should focus on the problems of people with limited means, said
Milton Bogoch, executive director of the Calgary Apartment Association. "If this
program is really targeted to those people truly in need, then we support it,"
he said.

His organization represents owners and managers of 40,000 suites.

Bogoch said the cost of new housing units is prohibitive.

He thinks the city should make it easier to renovate and add capacity to
existing structures. The city should lead the way with housing stock it already
owns, Bogoch said. "What we have in common (with the city) is that we agree
there is a problem in the most desperate area of the marketplace."

Fred Schickedanz, chairman of the Calgary Home Builders Association's
multi-family council, said the city's plan will be well-received and the private
sector will come up with creative solutions if government red tape is eased.

But expensive solutions must be avoided, added the general manager of
Schickedanz Bros. home builders. "There are many people in private business that
want to help," he said. The issue will be on the agenda of a CHBA board meeting
Wednesday.

Ald. Bev Longstaff thinks the city plan deserves support. "I think it's very
necessary. Unless we are an active player, we won't get active partnership from
the housing industry," she said.

This kind of solution costs the city less than the cost of operating a shelter
-- and it's permanent, she said.

The city's substantial land holdings in the east end of downtown could be a part
of the solution, she said.

The city will release more details of its strategy during Homelessness Awareness
Week, May 25-31.


LOAD-DATE: May 24, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1998 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             821 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            October 23, 2005 Sunday

Minority Small Business of Year;
Owner of rental company shares her failures, successes

BYLINE: By Vic Kolenc

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 1559 words


El Paso Times

The first Persian Gulf war in early 1991 taught Mamie Salazar-Harper a valuable
lesson that changed the course of her rent-to-own business.

When Fort Bliss sent soldiers to the Persian Gulf, Salazar-Harper had 100
military customers return rented products to her store in a two-week period.

"That was a huge blow and it could have decimated my business," Salazar-Harper,
41, said last week in her small office tucked into the back of her Fiesta
Rent-to-Own store in the Chelmont Shopping Center in East-Central El Paso.

The jolt came shortly after Salazar-Harper, then age 27, moved from South Texas
to become franchise holder for a struggling ColorTyme rent-to-own outlet in El
Paso, an outlet she turned into an independent store in 1994.

She solved her short-term problem by using successful sales pitches to deployed
soldiers' wives, including getting them to rent big-screen TVs to monitor the
war, she said. More importantly, it convinced her that diversifying her business
would be the key to surviving and thriving.

About 15 percent of her company's revenues, which she would not divulge, are now
tied to retail rent-to-own customers, Salazar-Harper estimated. The majority of
her sales are in renting furniture, appliances and other products to businesses,
including temporary corporate housing, offices, apartment complexes, and the
military.

That part of her business operates under her M Rentals corporate name.

Her 15-year climb from a fledgling franchise operator with one employee and
annual revenues of about $200,000, to owner of a now-diversified rental company
with 15 employees, an El Paso store and warehouses in El Paso and Austin to
supply corporate and military leasing contracts, will be honored this week.

She'll receive the El Paso Minority Small Business of the Year award Thursday
from the U.S. Small Business Administration and El Paso Small Business
Consortium at the 19th Annual Minority Enterprise

Development Week luncheon and award ceremony. Several other business owners and
business advocates also will receive awards.

"Mamie personifies the definition of 'women entrepreneurs,' " said Terri Reed,
director of the Women's Business Border Center at the El Paso Hispanic Chamber
of Commerce, who nominated Salazar-Harper for the award.

"She learned the ropes, met with adversity, juggled many different things --
career, family, school -- and still managed to take over a business that was
floundering and turn it into a success," Reed said. "She's diverse in her
approach, constantly changing and puts her staff and customers first."

Salazar-Harper said her revenues have doubled in the past 12 months, in large
part due to $2 million in military contracts she received this year. The
contracts are to rent washers and dryers for military housing at Camp Lejeune,
N.C., and to furnish and rent off-post housing for Fort Bliss, she said.

Henry Villa, senior vice president of business banking at State National Bank,
where Salazar-Harper has received several Small Business Administration-backed
loans, including some to buy out small competitors, labeled Salazar-Harper a
"go-getter."

"She's out there hustling every day, marketing herself or her business. It's
almost like she does it 24-7," Villa said. "She's a good salesperson."

That hustling got M Rentals a big chunk of corporate housing business in Austin.
Last fall, M Rentals became the sole provider of rental furniture and other
rental products for temporary corporate housing in Austin and San Antonio for
Oakwood Worldwide. It bills itself as the world's largest corporate housing and
multi-family property management firm.

M Rentals provides furnished corporate apartments for Oakwood in El Paso, and
Salazar-Harper had lobbied the company in the past about getting a piece of the
Austin pie, said Jamie May, senior district manager for Oakwood in Austin.

When May became dissatisfied with Oakwood's rental furniture vendor in Austin,
she decided to give M Rentals a shot because she had been impressed with
Salazar-Harper's intelligence and her ethical, "upfront" manner, May said.

However, May had concerns about whether the small El Paso company could handle
the work. Those doubts were erased last month when M Rentals furnished "80
apartments in three weeks for Hurricane Katrina evacuees" tied to a company that
had to relocate from New Orleans, May said.

Bill Keese, executive director of the national Association of Progressive Rental
Organizations in Austin, said Salazar-Harper's expansion into rentals for
corporate housing and military complexes is being watched closely in an industry
where most companies have stuck to the traditional rent-to-own retail business
model. Corporate rental business is dominated by two national companies -- Cort
Furniture and Aaron Rents -- Keese said.

"Anytime you can expand your customer base, it's a wise thing to do," Keese
said. Salazar Harper, who has served on the association board, is "innovative,
determined, smart and full of energy," he said. "She's an inspiration to a lot
of people."

Fernie Ortega, 24, corporate delivery manager for M Rentals, where he's worked
three years, said Salazar-Harper's enthusiasm and push to find more business for
her company has inspired him.

Working with her has made "me want to strive for goals, maybe have my own
business," Ortega said.

Longtime customer Nila Granberry also has high praise for Salazar-Harper.

"I've been a customer ever since she had the store," Granberry, 51, a Northeast
resident said. "All my furniture is from there," even though Granberry and her
husband could afford to buy furniture outright, she said. Granberry's remained a
customer because of Salazar-Harper's "tender loving care" and knack for knowing
exactly the kind of furniture or appliance Granberry would like, she said.

Customers like Granberry make Salazar-Harper committed to the retail side of her
business, she said. That's one reason she's having a new store built at Montana
Avenue and Lee Trevino Drive. The $750,000 project will include space for
another tenant, she said.

But her push will continue to be on expanding the military and corporate rental
parts of her business, she said. That's why she spent 2004 getting several
government, minority-tied business certifications -- ammunition needed to go
after government contracts.

"My goal is to get an international military contract. I love to travel. I think
it will be Germany," Salazar-Harper said with a hearty laugh.

Personal data

. Mamie Salazar-Harper, 41, president and owner of M Rentals, which includes the
Fiesta Rent-to-Own store at 5026 Montana, in the Chelmont Shopping Center.

. A native of Victoria, Texas, where she was one of eight girls in her family.
She moved to El Paso in late 1990 to take over a struggling rent-to-own store
for ColorTyme, a national chain for which she had worked as store manager and
district manager in South Texas.

. She's married to Dan Harper, an emergency-room doctor. They have a boy, 5, and
girl, 2.

Make plans

. What: Minority Enterprise Development Week awards luncheon and Procurement
Match-Making Symposium.

. When: Thursday. Symposium 8 a.m. to 4 p.m., luncheon, 11:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m.

. Where: Camino Real Hotel, 101 S. El Paso, Downtown.

. Cost: Luncheon, $30 a person. Symposium and luncheon, $50 a person.

. Reservations: 566-4066 for luncheon; 831-7748 for symposium. Deadline is
Monday.

SBA

Minority Woman-Owned

Business of the Year

.Alejandrina Delgado, 52, is co-owner and president of three Ice Castles
day-care centers, including one to open soon. She started the business in 1998
after losing her garment factory job. Centers have 350 children and 40
employees.

Minority Small Business

Contractor of the Year

.Jose Diaz, founder, CEO and president of Miratek, an 11-year-old technology and
engineering services company with annual revenues of about $12 million and 95
employees.

Minority Family-Owned

Business of the Year

.Frank Dominguez, 72, has operated Dominguez Sheet Metal Works for 45 years. It
employs 30 people.

8(a) Graduate of the Year

.Peter Felix III, founder, president and CEO of Viva Environmental, a
12-year-old environmental services firm with 58 employees.

Minority Business Development Agency Regional Directors Award

.Fernando Grado and his daughter Nicole Grado opened American Packaging and
Supply Co. in 2001. Sales grew to $650,000 last year.

Minority Financial Advocate

of the Year

.Harriet May, president and CEO of Government Employees Credit Union, which has
made more than $14 million in small business loans via 2-year-old small business
services department.

Minority Veteran-Owned

Business of the year

.Edwin Overton owns 11-year-old Adefto Building and Grounds Services, a
janitorial and groundkeeping services firm, which employs five people.

Minority Small Business

Advocate of the Year for Economic Development

.The El Paso Empowerment Zone, headed by Phyllis Rawley, executive director, in
recent years issued more than $1.4 million in default-free loans to 57
businesses.

Minority Small Business Advocate of the Year for Business Development

.Minda Villarreal, vice president for business development at Greater El Paso
Chamber of Commerce and manages One Stop Business Resource Center.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2005 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             822 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                             May 11, 2016 Wednesday

Council backs proposal to OK illegal 'bootleg' apartments

BYLINE: Dakota Smith dakota.smith@langnews.com @dakotacdsmith on Twitter

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 425 words


Illegal apartments are easy to find in Los Angeles, as landlords divide up loft
spaces to make multiple units or turn storage spaces into tiny studios.

Now, City Hall wants to legalize those units - called "bootleg" apartments - to
help ease the city's housing crisis.

Sparking some opposition, the Los Angeles City Council tentatively approved a
law Tuesday allowing landlords to gain permits for an illegal apartment unit in
return for providing affordable housing for a 55-year period anywhere on the
property.

Backers said the proposed law would ease L.A.'s housing shortage while
encouraging landlords to bring their buildings up to code. Los Angeles City
Councilman Felipe Fuentes, who spearheaded the law, called the ordinance a
"win-win-win for the city, the tenants and the property owners."

Under the plan, which must return to the City Council for a final vote, either
the original illegal unit or another apartment unit on a landlord's site could
be turned into low- or moderate-income housing.

In some cases, the parking requirement for the additional unit also would be
waived.

The law targets neighborhoods with apartment buildings and isn't applicable in
Los Angeles' single-family housing zones. Also, owners must prove the units that
they want to legalize existed as of Dec. 10, 2015.

About 400 to 500 illegal housing units are removed each year following city
inspections of multi family units, according to a city report. After
inspections, landlords often pull the unit off the market, rather than pay the
fees associated with legalizing the apartment.

In some cases, legalization can cost up to $20,000 in city fees, the report
states.

Of the 2,560 nonpermitted units cited by city enforcement agencies between 2010
and 2015, only 201 units were ultimately legalized.

Jim Clarke, a consultant with the Apartment Association of Greater Los Angeles,
said the 55-year covenant to make the apartments affordable is too onerous for
landowners because they will lose out financially for decades.

Clarke said that his group originally proposed permitting illegal units in L.A.,
based on a similar Santa Monica law. Later, the affordable housing requirement
was added to the Los Angeles ordinance.

"They've hijacked the whole proposal," he said of the city's Planning
Department. "We were hoping they would just let people get their permits."

But Larry Gross, president of the Coalition for Economic Survival, a renters'
rights group, praised the new law.

"Tenants benefit because they're not displaced, and any code violations get
corrected," Gross said.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                             823 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                            October 19, 2012 Friday
                                Final_C Edition

New policies will not provide affordability; Rezoning concepts from Task Force
on Housing are more likely to put existing older units at risk of demolition

BYLINE: Elizabeth Murphy, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: ISSUES & IDEAS; Elizabeth Murphy; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 1022 words


Improving housing affordability and building rentals are important priorities.
However, rezoning policies resulting from the Mayor's Task Force on Housing
Affordability will not provide affordable housing. The policies will instead
increase inflationary land speculation, which is the main cause of the
affordability crisis in Vancouver, and will put existing older affordable
rentals at risk of demolition.

Vision's Mayor and Council approved the city-wide rezoning policies on Oct. 3.
They were immediately implemented without any public consultation on these
specific initiatives. (The policies were opposed by Councillors Carr, Affleck
and Ball after Carr's motion to delay for public consultation was voted down by
Vision.)

This reckless approach demonstrates an absence of understanding of the complex
issues at stake. Mayor Gregor Robertson is continuing Sam Sullivan's NPA
policies despite election promises to the contrary. Robertson's current rezoning
policy is essentially Sullivan's EcoDensity rebranded falsely as an
affordability initiative.

The rezoning policy is so poorly conceived that it cannot work effectively and
is creating public backlash by overriding community planning processes. It is
the worst of all scenarios.

The rezoning policy has two parts. One stipulates the affordability provisions,
the other outlines locations where rezoning applications would be considered.
Both are vaguely worded and neither gives sufficient detail for transparency.

The affordability provisions require projects to be 100% market-priced rental
housing (which we know from the City's Short Term Incentives for Rentals, STIR,
program does not result in truly affordable rents), or allows housing to be sold
at 20 per cent below market price (which has been tried before but proved
unworkable).

Former mayor Gordon Campbell, and later BC Housing, tried demonstration projects
for purchase below market housing. The idea didn't work then and is less likely
to work now.

Twenty per cent below current market prices for multifamily new construction is
approximately the same cost for a unit in an already existing older building
without the same restrictions. With many other options available, especially in
a softening market, purchasers will look elsewhere rather than projects built
under this new policy. Eventually the projects will likely fail, so then be
converted into market strata.

Locations where rezoning applications will be accepted are vague and
problematic.

The report describes a transition zone of "within approximately 100 metres of an
arterial street (i.e. 1.5 blocks), ground-oriented forms up to a maximum of 3.5
storeys ...", which will likely be stacked townhouses based on economics.

Projects will also be considered if fronting "on arterials that are well served
by transit and within close proximity (i.e. a five-minute walk or 500 metres) of
identified neighbourhood centres and local shopping areas, mid-rise forms up to
a maximum of six storeys."

The staff's written report to Council contained no map, and no definition of
neighbourhood centre and local shopping areas.

It was only under pressure that a map (an incomplete one at that) was presented
to the meeting. The City's map interprets "arterials" to be not only commercial
streets, but also many streets that are purely residential, some even without
transit. The "transition zones" were not identified on the map, nor were the
areas where proposals would be accepted for 6 storey buildings. The Vancouver
Sun later showed a map that added the transition zones of 100 metres but not
showing the six storey areas. This map was confirmed accurate for potential
transition zones by staff at the City's Oct. 17 information session.

Although the policy is limited initially to only 20 projects, it is expected
that additional applications would continue to be approved. Even limited to 20
projects there will be major impacts on land costs, character, and livability on
the surrounding properties, while setting precedents for other sites.

Many of the areas this new policy puts under development pressure have existing
older more affordable multi-family space, including apartments, conversion
dwellings, secondary suites, duplexes, triplexes, rooming houses and infill.
Most of the heritage buildings and existing rentals have no protection from
demolition.

Anticipated population growth could instead be housed by adaptive reuse of
existing older buildings and new infill where appropriate. It is more
sustainable and affordable to reuse existing old-growth wood-frame buildings
than to replace them with new construction that requires many forests and other
resources to be harvested.

Additional major new construction should be concentrated in specific areas
determined through a comprehensive neighbourhood process, not scattered
everywhere across the city.

Existing zoned capacity needs to be evaluated in context with future growth
before significant changes in zoning should be considered.

Staff confirmed that the Task Force was provided with this information, yet
staff are withholding it from opposition council and the public, contrary to
council directions February 2012.

The "thin streets" concept - building housing on half the road width at the end
of north/ south streets, should not even be considered.

This would block the view corridors of the mountains, eliminate boulevard green
space and trees, interfere with underground and overhead utility services,
reduce street parking, reduce cycling lanes, and require hefty financial
compensation to owners of end lots who would be affected. This policy has been
inserted into the community planning process when it should have been dismissed
as unfeasible immediately.

Overall the Mayor's Task Force recommendations are thin on logic and full of
bold steps in the wrong direction. City Hall needs to apply more wisdom, broad
discussion, and genuine consideration of the public interest.

Elizabeth Murphy is an urban affairs commentator. She was a former property
development officer for the City of Vancouver and former senior development
officer for BC Housing; and private sector project manager.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mark Van Manen,  PNG Files; Rezoning policies will increase
inflationary land speculation rather than provide affordable housing, Elizabeth
Murphy writes.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             824 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 4, 2013 Friday

New Jersey: Sandy Recovery Money Available to Fill Vacant Apartments

LENGTH: 406  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Neptune Township, The State of New Jersey has issued the following news release:

If you have vacant units, one of the federally funded Superstorm Sandy
recoveryprograms can provide you with a steady revenue stream for two years for
an apartment leased at fair market value.

Launched by the Christie Administration to encourage property owners to fill
their vacant apartments, the Landlord Incentive Program allocates $40 million in
grants to provide rental property owners with approximately the difference
between 30 percent of the tenant's monthly income and the fair market rents each
month during the two year period of the program administered by the New Jersey
Department of Community Affairs (DCA).

For example, a landlord in Monmouth County would receive the fair market rent
for a two bedroom apartment at $1,410 a month (about $820 paid by tenant with an
incentive of about $590 paid by the State). Each individual incentive varies
based on county, the property's number of bedrooms, and the tenant's income.

The fair market value varies in the nine Sandy-impacted counties. For a
two-bedroom apartment, participating landlords would receive a total of $1,173 a
month in Atlantic; $1,450 in Bergen; $1,019 in Cape May; $1,202 in Essex; $1,322
in Hudson; $1,420 in Middlesex; $1,410 in Monmouth; $1,410 in Ocean; and $1,202
in Union.

Large multi-family property owners with hundreds of units and smaller landlords
with only one empty apartment to rent are equally eligible.

The program offers landlords the unique opportunity to use the federal funding
coming to our state to fill vacancies at their existing properties while helping
to provide sufficient affordable housing to remove the pressures on the housing
supply created by Superstorm Sandy.

This is a win-win program for landlords and tenants as the Christie
Administration works to restore our communities following the unprecedented
damage caused by the worst natural disaster in New Jersey history. DCA is
projecting the program will provide safe, suitable and affordable housing for at
least 1,000 families.

The program covers existing market rate units that are currently vacant or will
become vacant within the next 90 days. Under the program, 75 percent of the
funds will be allocated to units located in the nine Sandy-impacted counties.
The remaining 25 percent of the funds can be utilized statewide.

For further information please visit: http://www.neptunetownship.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             825 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

Assistant Property Manager

LENGTH: 409  words

DATELINE: Arlington


National Defense Industrial Association has issued the following job release:


Job Summary

Company
    The NRP Group
Location
    Dayton, OH 45439
Industries
    Manufacturing - Other
Job Type
    Full Time
    Employee
Career Level
    Experienced (Non-Manager)
Job Reference Code
    26226436P746104[#x200b]49A1800626

Assistant Property Manager
About the Job
2012 Pillar Award winner - Multifamily Development Firm of the Year! At NRP
Group, we successfully develop, build, own, manage and have partnered in
numerous projects in multifamily, senior housing, single-family infill, and
commercial and retail sites.[#x200b] From high-density urban infill sites to
more suburban settings, our focus is to make every building we develop,
construct and/[#x200b]or manage a true reflection of the special needs and
desires of our customers and residents, with a commitment to excellence from
concept to completion.[#x200b] In fact, we developed nearly 17,000 single-family
and multi-family homes and apartments in the past 16 years with our eye on more
to come.[#x200b]

We develop, construct, and operate high quality market-rate and affordable
rental properties.[#x200b] We are a dynamic and growing company that works in
conjunction with many financial institutions, partners, and non-profit
organizations to pursue the development and financing of real estate
properties.[#x200b] Currently, The NRP Group has assets and operations in Ohio,
Texas, Louisiana, North Carolina, Virginia, Arizona, New Mexico, Michigan, and
Indiana.[#x200b]

We are currently seeking an Assistant Property Manager to assist in overseeing
our newly developed community .[#x200b]

This position will be responsible for assisting the Community Manager in
overseeing property operations; maintaining occupancy levels; ensuring positive
tenant relations; and complying with all reporting requirements.[#x200b]

The ideal candidate will have:

o Two (2) plus years of prior property management experience.[#x200b]

o LIHTC/[#x200b]Affordable housing knowledge preferred.[#x200b]

o Bilingual in English/[#x200b]Spanish preferred.[#x200b]

o Proficiency with YARDI or similar property management software.[#x200b]

o Effective team building and leadership abilities.[#x200b]

o Excellent written and oral communication skills.[#x200b]

We offer a competitive pay rate plus bonus opportunities and a benefit package
that includes: medical, dental, prescription, life and disability insurance,
paid time off, and 401(k) retirement plan.[#x200b]

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             826 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                            August 19, 2014 Tuesday

Affordable housing improves lives and bolsters the economy in Blaine County

BYLINE: Michelle Griffith

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 743  words


It is tempting to view affordable housing as a drain on economic resources - as
just another handout.   In fact, nothing could be further from the truth.
Residents of affordable housing in Blaine County are hard-working, vital members
of the community who, in a non-resort environment, would be comfortably middle
class.

Affordable housing is frequently referred to as "community housing. " It's the
product of public/private partnerships, and the homes created are, in effect,
community assets.

Community home residents include first responders, teachers, resort employees
and self-employed business people.   According to the Idaho Department of Labor,
the average wage in Blaine County is $38,255.   This is not substantially
different from the state average of $36,152.  The difference in the Wood River
Valley is that the median home price is $320,000, compared to the state average
of $170,200.

This disparity is the direct result of forces imposed by other buyers in the
area, such as vacation home owners who earn a living in major metropolitan
areas, and, in some cases, in very lucrative industries. Such a disparity is
typical in resort communities like Jackson and Aspen.

It is generally accepted that a household is considered cost-burdened if it
spends more than 30 percent of its income on housing.   The affordability gap
shows that the burden is substantial; wages are nearly three times lower than
required to support home prices.

This is not to say that the balance of Idaho does not have a need for affordable
housing. It's just that the need in Blaine County is more acute.   Our work
force is generally paid Idaho wages, but housing prices are more similar to
median prices in Boston, Los Angeles or Washington DC.

This affordability gap can be filled in two ways:

1)   Increasing wages by over two times, or

2)   Leveraging public / private partnerships in order to develop affordable
housing.

Recognizing that ultimately all costs are passed to the consumer, we can assume
that increasing wages by over two times would result in increased costs across
all segments of the local economy.   The effect would be devastating.

Alternatively, we can pursue opportunities to develop affordable housing.   Most
of the funding for affordable housing comes from federal programs.   Although
each application requires that the developer demonstrate some form of community
match, the local dollars are highly leveraged.   The most recent funding award
in Blaine County came from two federal sources (what were they?) and had a value
of more than $6.5 million.   The local match, comprising a land donation,
reduced permit fees and property tax savings, was valued at less than $400,000.

The result will be 26 units of townhome-style rental housing with one-, two-,
and three-bedroom units. The units range in size from 750 square feet to 1,250
square feet and will rent for between $515.00 per month to $950.00 per month.
Market rate rents for similar units would be between $750 per month to over
$2,000 per month.

In addition to providing much-needed affordable housing, the townhomes add
significantly to the local economy.   Affordable housing developers employ
realtors, title companies, architects, contractors and engineers. Multi-family
affordable housing projects provide employment for service providers such as
landscape companies and cleaning services.

Affordable housing fills a critical financial gap and helps to drive local
economies through investment.   It requires partnerships that involve local
government investment, private investment, and federal funding.   The result is
a sustainable economy that allows a resort community to thrive, and creates a
healthy local economy where workers can raise families, support local business
and contribute to the community as they would in a more traditional town or
city.

Michelle Griffith moved to Sun Valley permanently with her husband and two sons
nearly six years ago after living in a variety of international locations where
her husband was an oil executive.   She serves as the executive director of ARCH
Community Housing Trust, a non-profit developer of affordable housing in Blaine
County.   The organization develops single family and multi-family housing
through new construction, acquisition rehabilitation and structure re-location.



http://www.idahobusinessreview.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more
from this resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             827 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Keene Sentinel (New Hampshire)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 14, 2015 Tuesday

Walpole residents speak out against proposed housing project

BYLINE: Matt Nanci, The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 755 words


July 14--WALPOLE -- Residents at a public hearing Monday overwhelmingly
disapproved of using public funds to help finance a new housing project in town.

Approximately 50 people attended the hearing hosted by the N.H. Housing Finance
Authority and no one spoke in favor of the project.

Officials will take feedback from Monday's hearing to the housing finance
authority's board of directors who will then approve or deny the distribution of
the loan for the proposed project.

Walpole-based Avanru Development Group applied for a $240,000 loan from the
housing finance authority to build 21 units of rental housing for low and
moderate-income individuals and families. The loan would be financed using
affordable housing funds.

Monday's hearing was held to discuss whether or not the housing finance
authority should expend money on this project. But many who attended questioned
the need for the project in the first place and the process by which the
planning board approved it, citing that the original pitch was for senior
housing.

"We feel as a group that it's not going to do anything for Walpole and we're
getting the bill," said Walpole resident Lyn Cooke.

Janet Hicks raised concerns about how town police, schools and other services
would be affected by the new development.

Former planning board member Eric Merklein said he has additional concerns about
safety because of the project's location on Route 12.

He said there are no sidewalks or places for children to play there, and he's
worried someone will get hurt trying to cross the highway.

"It's going to be a catastrophe," he said.

Since the project was first proposed in 2010 as a condominium complex, the plan
changed to building a 67-unit apartment complex aimed at people ages 55 and
over. Later the proposed development changed again in favor of rental housing
for low and moderate-income individuals and families; the economy and downfall
of the housing market made the initial proposal unfeasible, Avanru President and
CEO Jack Franks said in 2012.

Franks attended Monday's hearing but did not address the audience.

In November 2012, the Walpole planning board approved the 67-unit plan in a 4-3
vote despite dozens of residents speaking out against the project.

A month after the planning board's decision, 22 Walpole residents filed a
lawsuit against Walpole in Cheshire Superior Court, alleging the board acted
improperly in approving the project proposed by Avanru. They sought to vacate
the planning board's decision.

The lawsuit also questioned Avanru's commitment to renting the apartments to
people 55 years old and over. The group of residents suing the board claimed the
plan to rent to people 55 years old and over was a ruse meant to foster greater
support from state and town officials.

In April, 2013, a superior court judge ruled that the planning board had acted
appropriately when approving the project.

In the decision, Cheshire County Superior Court Judge John C. Kissinger Jr. was
"not persuaded by the balance of probabilities that the board believed the new
project would be restricted to those over 55," and that "the court does not
agree this was apparent from the record."

Benjamin Frost, the director of public and legal affairs for the Housing Finance
Authority said Monday these concerns should have been addressed and vetted by
the Walpole planning board.

"We are not going to second guess the decision of the planning board," he said.

Some Walpole planning board members reinforced what others said in that the
project was supposed to be for senior housing.

Jeff Miller, the chairman of the planning board said the board did its due
diligence in evaluating the project, but the proposal being discussed Monday
night is not the same one the board discussed.

Planning board member Bob Miller agreed. "The planning board has not had a
public hearing on workforce housing, low income or moderate housing," he said.

Julian Morgan, the program manager for multi-family business development at
housing finance authority said what he heard from Walpole residents Monday night
was "unique."

These public hearings are not usually well attended and these type of concerns
have not come up before, according to James Menihane, the director of housing
development for the housing finance authority.

Matt Nanci can be reached at 352-1234, extension 1439, or
mnanci@keenesentinel.com Follow him on Twitter @MNanciKS.

___ (c)2015 The Keene Sentinel (Keene, N.H.) Visit The Keene Sentinel (Keene,
N.H.) at www.sentinelsource.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150714-KN-Walpole-residents-speak-out-against-proposed-housing
-project-0714-20150714

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KN


                       Copyright 2015 The Keene Sentinel


                             828 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 March 23, 1987

New Type of CMO Uses Project Loans

SECTION: Pg. 18

LENGTH: 641 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Shearson Lehman Brothers has introduced a collateralized mortgage obligation
backed entirely by government-insured project loans.

Known as Series E mortgage-backed sequential pay bonds, this CMO offers high
yield, quality, and a more predictable maturity for the investor, said
Shearson's Jeffrey Moses in the firm's Mortgage Market Finance.

Section 236 of the National Housing Act provides Federal mortgage insurance for
low-income multi-family housing, coupled with subsidized interest payments for
the mortgagor.

The interest subsidy lowers the borrower's effective interest rate to 1% and the
resulting savings are passed on to the tenants in the form of lower rent
payments.

The unique prepayment characteristics of the underlying collateral, Section 236
project loans securitized by the Federal National Mortgage Association,
effectively provide long-term call protection and thus create a virtual
"fixed-income" security, Mr. Moses said.

The Series E CMO uses a traditional structure consisting of four sequential pay
classes, the last being an accrual bond, Mr. Moses pointed out, and the
collateral has a passthrough rate of 5.75%, while the stated rate on the
underlying mortgages is 7%.

The borrower pays an effective rate of 1%, however, since Section 236 subsidizes
six percentage points of the stated mortgage rate.  The weighted average
maturity of the collateral is 27 years and two months, he said.

The CMO was priced at a conservative 7.5% PSA, which is comparable to 0.45% CPR.
This extremely low prepayment rate reflects both the absence of any defaults
during the last several years and the lack of any incentives for the borrowers
to refinance, regardless of the interest-rate environment, Mr. Moses said.

Nevertheless, if a prepayment should occur, the investor receives a higher
yield, since bonds are priced at a substantial discount.

Under Section 236, some tenants are eligible for HUD rent subsidies if their
adjusted income is less than 80% of the median income in the area.

The base rent level is determined by the operating expenses of the building --
including utility costs and the actual mortgage payments paid by the owner --
but constrained by the tenants' ability to pay, Mr. Moses explained.

The actual or fair-market rent includes mortgage insurance premiums as well as
operating costs and bases the mortgage payments on the market rate rather than
the subsidized rate.  The tenant, Mr. Moses explained, must pay at least the
base level rent, but could pay the fair-market rent depending on income.

Section 236 also imposes prepayment limitations, and for-profit entities are not
allowed to prepay loans for 20 years from the origination without HUD approval,
and, when HUD approves prepayment the borrower forfeits interest rate subsidies.

These limitations effectively provide prepayment protection for the Fannie Mae
certificates and, in turn, the cash flow associated with bonds backed by these
securities, Mr. Moses said.

And, while a default could cause the early retirement of principal, Fannie Mae
reimburses the outstanding principal to the pass-through holder in the event of
default and Fannie Mae's credit quality is enhanced by FHA insurance covering
the loans, he said.

In the 13 years since the inception of the program, the annual compounded
prepayment rate has been a mere 1.37%, Mr. Moses pointed out.

The more predictable cash flow from these bonds makes them more like traditional
fixed-income securities, and while corporate credit ratings can be lowered,
these CMOs are structured to eliminate virtually any chance of credit
degradation, he said.

This makes Series E securities excellent candidates for immunized and dedicated
portfolios, since the almost-certain cash flow leads to predictable average
lives and durations, the Shearson executive noted.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             829 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  Long Island Business News (Long Island, NY)

                             March 22, 2002 Friday

Code change may spur apts. with lower rents

BYLINE: Nick Anastasi

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 908 words


While the Suffolk County Planning Commission this month approved another new
luxury apartment complex - this one next to the Ronkonkoma train station -
recent actions by the state and Suffolk County are expected to spur development
of multi-family housing for the masses.

Commack-based Fairfield Properties plans to build 66 two-bedroom apartments with
rents ranging from $1,500 to $1,900 a month.

The project is located one quarter of a mile from the Long Island Railroad train
station on 7.6 acres of unimproved land on Union Avenue. It will include a
1,500-square-foot community center, 136 parking spaces - 36 of which would be in
attached garages - and a sewage treatment plant. The Brookhaven Town board must
still give its OK.

The complex marks the sixth high-end residential development by Fairfield
Properties, and it falls in line with Town of Brookhaven's Land Use Master Plan
as well as a planning board study last year that called for new high-density
housing near railroad stations.

"We're running with their vision," said Gary Broxmeyer, principal of Fairfield
Properties.

However, local economists and business groups such as the Long Island
Association say the region has tremendous pent up demand for moderately priced
multi-family housing that isn't being met. And the region's ability to attract
and keep talented young professionals for the work force hinges on providing
them better housing choices.

But developers say building costs and density rules discourage them from
pursuing apartments for those with moderate incomes. That's why most recent
multi-family projects are targeted for the elderly or high-income markets, which
also show strong demand.

But the adoption of a new set of state fire prevention and building codes should
go a long way toward relieving the affordable housing demand, said Mitch Pally,
vice president of government affairs for the LIA.

"It's a good opportunity because of the density implications," Pally said of
rules Gov. George Pataki announced this month, replacing rules enacted in 1953.

The new code, which will be phased in beginning in July, allows wood frame
construction of commercial buildings up to four stories. The limit now is two
stories.

The change translates into lower construction costs and should spur development
of multi-family housing, according to Bob Wieboldt, director of the
Hauppauge-based Long Island Builders Institute. "Basically, it will save a
fortune," Wieboldt said.

Wood frame construction is $12 per-square-foot cheaper than comparable
brick-and-mortar construction, according to Jeff Roblyer, president of TCR
Northeast Construction, a subsidiary of Houston-based Trammell Crow Residential.
His firm is in the midst of building Alexan, a 795-unit luxury apartment complex
in Yaphank.

Others estimated that frame construction could save $20 or more dollars per
square foot over brick-and-mortar costs of $90-$95 per square foot.

Roblyer said builders that have parcels zoned for up to 40 units often settle
for fewer units - with higher rents - because they can't easily cover the high
construction costs under the current rules. "The cost to build three- or
four-story brick-and-mortar to take advantage of the density allowance was
prohibitive," Roblyer said. The new rules for wood frame construction will
change that, he added.

But there are other obstacles standing in the way of affordable multi-family
development, including density restrictions and limits on effluent, said
developer Ron Parr, president of the Ronkonkoma-based Parr Organization.

With most large projects, the economies of scale permit the development of a
sewage treatment plant on site. But with small projects, particularly those with
50 units or less, treatment of effluent can be a major problem if there are no
sewers nearby.

"Most sites close to railroad stations are not sewered, which kills density,"
Parr said.

Suffolk County officials said they want to try to ease those problems with
transfer of development rights programs that promote higher density development
in downtowns and near transportation hubs that lack sewers.

"This is one area where the county can make a difference," said Tom Isles,
director of the Suffolk County Planning Commission. "Most municipalities have
recognized a need for such development."

One type of TDR program allow developers to buy development rights in a less
developed area and agree not to build there in exchange for clearance for higher
density in a downtown or near a transportation hub site. Another type of TDR
could work in a similar way to help developers meet effluent requirements.

The SCPC is now considering the use of a TDR program to encourage development of
affordable housing projects. Isles said the goal will be to direct benefits,
including those from a proposed effluent TDR program, to residential development
that addresses county housing needs.

"We could use the health department power to promote such development through
the expansion of sewer networks, giving preference to proposals that fulfill a
public need," Isles said.

That would fit the 2000 SCPC Smart Growth Policy Plan, which promoted the
reduction of sewer fees for areas targeted for smart growth development.

The plan also recommended the transfer of density from tax default lots to
locally approved development projects that fall short of health department
approval.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Regulatory

                      Copyright 2002 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             830 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      San Ramon Valley Times (California)

                    October 31, 2001 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

CREDITS AID DANVILLE SENIOR HOUSING;
$6.4 MILLION TO BAY AREA NONPROFIT KEEPS HOUSING COMPLEX ON TRACK FOR COMPLETION
BY 2003

BYLINE: LINDA DAVIS, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 463 words

DATELINE: DANVILLE


DANVILLE - The nonprofit Bridge Housing Corp. has received $6.4 million in
federal and state tax credits, helping pave the way for construction of a
74-unit affordable senior housing complex at Laurel Drive and Hartz Way.

Had Bridge not received the credits, the project could have been delayed as long
as a year while the agency sought other funding sources, said Bridge's project
manager Isaac Henderson.

With the news, demolition crews should begin clearing the 2.8-acre parcel in the
next two weeks, said town attorney Rob Ewing. Construction is expected to begin
in February and finish in spring 2003, Henderson said.

The project will supply much-needed affordable housing for seniors and will help
the town meet government-mandated housing goals, Ewing said.

The town has asked Bridge to market as many of the units as possible at low- or
very-low-income rates - in the $400 to $700 per month range for one- and
two-bedroom units, respectively. At least 18 of the units will be in this
bracket, staff reports show. According to Association of Bay Area Government
projections, within the next five years Danville needs about 140 very-low
incoming housing units and about 88 low income housing units to comply with
affordable housing requirements.

The $15 million complex is being paid for by the tax credits - $4.1 million from
the town, $2.2 million in county funds and about $2.3 million in bank loans,
Henderson said. To encourage a project of this type, the town's community
development agency purchased the parcel for $2.2 million and resold it to Bridge
Housing for $1. The project could not have been built if Bridge had to pay the
high price for land in Danville, Ewing said. The development agency used "use it
or lose it" funds for the project, and will also loan Bridge another $2 million
through the sale of bonds.

Five families who occupied rental houses on the property had to move, and
received relocation settlements.

Henderson said only three projects in Contra Costa County qualified for the
credits, which are competitively awarded to projects that target low- to
moderate-income households.

The complex, to be called Laurel Senior Apartments, will have 26 units per acre
- the most units per acre of any multiple-family development in Danville. Other
multi-family developments, such as Ryland Cottages, Stoneybrook and Fostoria
Terrace, range from 12 to 20 units per acre.

The town allowed for more units under an ordinance that specifies the projects
qualify if they maintain affordability for at least 30 years. "The major funding
source was the tax credit," Henderson said. "It was a big deal.

Anyone interested in obtaining information about the housing, can call
925-201-3407.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             831 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Glendale News-Press (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            July 20, 2011 Wednesday

City moves ahead with veteran housing

BYLINE: Melanie Hicken, Glendale News-Press, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 475 words


July 20--CITY HALL -- Glendale this week committed millions of dollars to a new
affordable housing project for military veterans, making good on a pledge to
provide more support for local veterans.

The City Council, acting in its dual capacity as the Redevelopment Agency and as
part of the Housing Authority, voted to commit roughly $4.5 million in federal
and redevelopment housing funds to a proposed 48-unit multi-family development.

The development is a joint venture between Glendale Memorial Hospital, national
nonprofit housing developer Mercy Housing, and New Directions, a nonprofit
veterans social-service provider. It is planned for a hospital-owned property at
202 W. Los Feliz Road.

"It's a perfect location, across the street from the hospital, for the needs of
these veterans and any outpatient activities that might take place," said
Councilman Frank Quintero, who serves as chairman of the Housing Authority.

The commitment is a major step for the City Council, which, led by Quintero,
himself a veteran, has in the past year pledged to boost housing options for
military veterans.

It would add to a pilot program created last year that combines rental
assistance with job training for local veterans.

"It's an important focus, and one that he's really spearheaded, and I think the
city is going to be better for it," said Mayor Laura Friedman.

City officials had in recent months pushed forward with the project to allow
federal funding originally committed to a housing project planned by Advanced
Development & Investment Inc. to be transferred to the veterans project.

ADI -- which received roughly $34 million in Glendale housing funds for four
city projects -- is now under federal investigation for allegedly bilking cities
out of millions with inflated construction invoices.

When the fraud allegations became public, Glendale officials cancelled their
agreement for a fifth project but were at risk of losing nearly $4 million in
federal housing funds if those funds were not reprogrammed to another affordable
housing project.

City officials lauded the Mercy development's roughly $85,000-per-unit subsidy
-- compared to the nearly $200,000 per unit subsidy awarded to ADI's most recent
Glendale project, Vassar City Lights.

City officials on Tuesday also voted to enter into an affordable housing
agreement with the project partners, which will allow the developer to apply for
$9.9 million in state tax credits to help finance the project.

If approved, officials said they plan to break ground in about a year.

To see more of the Glendale News-Press, Calif., go to
http://www.glendalenewspress.com/ Copyright (c) 2011, Glendale News-Press,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110720-1GL-City-moves-ahead-with-veteran-housing-20110720

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1GL


                       Copyright 2011 Glendale News-Press


                             832 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Daily Times-Call (Longmont Colorado)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          December 17, 2014 Wednesday

Boulder County planning panel opposes Nederland annexation, housing development
proposal

BYLINE: Daily Times-Call, Longmont, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 514 words


Dec. 17--A proposal that would allow Nederland to pursue annexation of about 17
acres for the development of as many as 45 to 60 affordable and senior housing
units drew the opposition of a majority of Boulder County Planning Commission
members voting on it on Tuesday.

Planning panel members voted 4-2 to recommend that the Board of County
Commissioners refuse to amend an intergovernmental agreement with the Town of
Nederland, taking the position that such a revision to allow the annexation
would be contrary to the 12-year-old town-and-county pact that's intended to
guide the area's future growth and development.

At issue, according to the county Land Use Department staff, letters the county
has received, and public hearing testimony on Tuesday, is the issue of whether
Boulder County should let Nederland proceed with further steps toward possibly
annexing the currently 17-acre property at 365 Eldora Road under a plan that's
proposing building multi-family residential units in three clusters of buildings
with many of the rents in the $750 a month range.

Supporters of the annexation and housing development idea have argued the town
needs more affordable housing for families who live and work there, or who want
to, as well as for the town's seniors, in order to retain younger people and
families with limited incomes and assisting seniors who want to continue living
there.

Nederland town administrator Alisha Reis told the planning commissioners that
"currently, even a bedroom inside a home is going for $1,000" a month in rent.

Opponents of the idea have objected to its potential environmental impact on the
property that would be annexed and on neighboring properties, and they've
contended there are enough in-fill building sites within the town's present
boundaries to meet many of the town's affordable-housing needs.

Audrey Godell urged the planning panel "to keep this parcel of land wild" and
protect the wildlife and plant life in that area from development.

The county commissioners tentatively are scheduled to hold their own Feb. 10
public hearing on the proposed amendment to the intergovernmental agreement with
Nederland.

If the Board of County Commissioners denies further consideration of the
proposed IGA amendment, that would essentially end any further processing of the
current annexation and affordable rental housing development plan, the county
staff said. If the county commissioners allow it to proceed, it still would have
to pass muster by the Nederland Planning Commission, the Town Board of Trustees,
and ultimately, the town's voters.

Voting on Tuesday to recommend that the county commissioners deny the
intergovernmental agreement amendment were planning panelists Pat Shanks, Daniel
Hilton, Lieschen Gargano and Natalie Feinberg-Lopez. Voting against the denial
recommendation were Scott Holwick and Doug Young.

John Fryar: 303-684-5211, jfryar@times-call.com or twitter.com/jfryartc

___ (c)2014 the Daily Times-Call (Longmont, Colo.) Visit the Daily Times-Call
(Longmont, Colo.) at www.timescall.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141217-1LC-Boulder-County-planning-panel-opposes-Nederland-annexation-
housing-development-proposal-1217-20141217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LC


                        Copyright 2014 Daily Times-Call


                             833 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 12, 2016 Tuesday

Virginia: Foundation pulls plans for Glenwood school

LENGTH: 226  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Richmond: City of Danville, The State of Virginia has issued the following news
release:



 A not-for-profit foundation has withdrawn its application to convert the former
Glenwood Elementary School into multi-family housing. A rezoning request that
accompanied the proposed project was removed from the agenda for Monday's
meeting of the Danville Planning Commission.





 Prior to withdrawing its application, Buckeye Community Hope Foundation had
developed plans to convert the school into apartments and construct a second
building on the property that also would contain apartments.



 A total of 48 apartments were planned, with rents ranging from $421 to $495 for
one-bedroom units, $485 to $595 for two-bedroom units and $571 to $675 for
three-bedroom units.



 Five of the 48 units would have been eligible for Section 8 housing vouchers,



 Residents in the neighborhood overwhelmingly expressed opposition to the
proposed project during a community meeting held last week by the city's
Community Development Department.



 Glenwood school is a 28,000 square-foot building located at 1540 Halifax Road.
It was built in 1948 and sits on 6.3 acres. The school was closed in 2013. Since
then, the school has been vandalized on multiple occasions.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             834 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  Long Island Business News (Long Island, NY)

                               May 3, 2002 Friday

Advocacy group coordinator cites LI's need for affordable housing

BYLINE: Rosamaria Mancini

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 972 words


Eric Alexander knows he's on stage.

He's been there before, as lead singer of a heavy rock band that still plays at
local nightspots. But in his latest gig, both his supporting cast and audience
are quite a bit different.

Alexander, 31, is the coordinator of a new advocacy group supported by an array
of business and political leaders, who are trying to solve Long Island's
critical shortage of affordable rental housing.

As the only paid consultant to the Long Island Campaign for Affordable Rental
Housing, he's the front man for a coalition of local power brokers who worry
that the Island's young talent is bleeding away for lack of a place to call
home.

"Eric's role as a consultant showcases the younger generation and their clear
interest in this problem," said Mitchell Pally, the vice president of
governmental affairs at the Long Island Association, the Island's largest
business advocacy group.

Alexander and the LIA agree that a major obstacle to their success is the
mindset that new affordable rental housing attracts poor people who drag down
surrounding property values and flood the schools with needy kids.

"The goal of the campaign is to change attitudes about affordable rentals - not
just the building themselves, but the people who need to live in them," said
Alexander, who's also associated with Vision Long Island, a civic organization
advocating the reorganization of communities.

Alexander has had a taste of what it's like to scramble for affordable housing
on Long Island.

After graduating from Adelphi University and spending a year in public policy
work in Washington, he returned to the Island as director of the Nassau Suffolk
Coalition for the Homeless. His job was in Garden City, but he couldn't afford
to live nearby, so he took an apartment in Queens.

Later, when he worked as a client advocate at the Health and Welfare Council of
Long Island, he found a place in Huntington - but he could only afford it by
living with a roommate. It took him while, but he's living in his own place now.

Alexander, like most other experts who follow issue, agree that the lack of the
affordable housing hurts not only low-wage workers and their families, but also
young people just starting out, as well as single-parent households and seniors
on fixed incomes. And it's also crippling businesses.

"Businesses need entry level workers, and employers can't attract or retain them
because housing is too expensive," said Jim Morgo, a member of LICARH's steering
committee and president of the Long Island Housing Partnership, a organization
whose mission is to create affordable housing.

Morgo's group is credited with spurring construction of more than 800 affordable
housing units on Long Island and helping thousands find affordable housing
finance.

The LICARH campaign, modeled after Housing First, a New York City housing
advocacy group, has been organized into three initiatives: legislation, public
education, and base-building.

LICARH has already raised $85,000 and has a goal to raise $150,000 toward
lobbying local governments to pass rules that encourage development of low and
moderate rentals.

The group has worked with faculty and students from St. John's University School
of Law to develop model legislation that includes tax abatements for developers.
The model rules also require developers to include housing for a range of income
levels, encourage the use of surplus public land for housing and the
redevelopment of downtown areas.

"It's like a Chinese menu of options that town governments can pick and choose
from," he said. So far, the Town of Huntington is the only one of Long Island's
13 towns and two cities that has legislation that directly addresses the housing
shortage crisis.

But the campaign is also about public education. Alexander believes the term
"affordable housing" is stigmatized and that most "uninformed people" imagine
giant housing projects with lots of barefoot children.

His eyes lit up when he explained an array of alternatives. In Gaithersburg,
Md., for example, income diversity exists but people live together in town
houses, single-family homes, apartments and multi-family dwellings - all located
in the same community.

"This is a different way to develop. This is housing diversity, community
diversity," he said.

Alexander's work includes policy creation, convening and organizing groups of
people and putting together a full-fledged campaign. "He's extremely
knowledgeable about community organization and knows how to bring people
together," said Marge Rogatz, a member of the group's steering committee and the
president of Community Advocates Inc.

The campaign's third goal is to build its base of support among business,
government, civic, religious, labor, environmental and nonprofit groups.

"If you create this type of partnership, things happen," said Alexander, who can
already count 60 groups that have officially signed on to help with the cause.

A self-described "suburban white boy," Alexander grew up in Port Chester. He
moved to Long Island at a young age and it was here that he grew increasingly
active in the community. Early in his career he dealt with clients "who have
nothing, and you're just trying to help them eat."

But he moved on to the Community Development Corporation of Long Island, where
he was involved in managing development grants.

It was during this time that he met Ron Stein of Vision Huntington (now Vision
Long Island), who introduced him to the concept of smart growth.

Alexander now lives where he works, in Northport. He said that while the town
lacks ethnic diversity, there is economic diversity. He noted the town's 300
units of affordable housing and apartments.

"If we do our job right," he said, "we could get a lot accomplished."

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2002 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             835 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

More of the same won't fix affordability; Not so simple as issue of supply,
Elizabeth Murphy writes

BYLINE: Elizabeth Murphy, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 773 words


Vancouver's housing affordability crisis is being driven by development
speculation and the unchecked flow of foreign capital. But rather than deal with
these real issues, the crisis is being falsely framed as a lack of housing
supply. In fact, rezonings for increased density inflates land values, which is
a big part of the problem.

Vancouver has an enormous amount of existing zoned capacity, but the amount of
zoning already in place for increased development has yet to be built out.

The city's 2014 consultant report confirmed there is sufficient capacity in
existing zoning and approved plans to accommodate over 20 years of supply at the
recent record-setting pace of residential development. They only counted
recently rezoned new multi-family supply, and even more has been added since
2014.

No lack of supply issues here. Yet, even though there is so much capacity for
new housing supply, prices have escalated at record levels. Developers only
build once they can get their price at pre-sales required for financing, which
ensures escalating prices. Increased zoned capacity has not brought in more
affordability either.

For example, the West End community plan, approved in 2013, allowed increased
zoning in some areas up to 60 storeys. One of these sites was an assembly of two
older, more-affordable low-rise rental apartment buildings, reportedly bought by
Peter and Bruno Wall for $16.8 million in 2014. Recently sold to foreign
investors for $60 million, they were flipped a month later for $68 million, all
without paying property transfer taxes due to it being a bare trust.

This will result in luxury condos built to replace existing affordable rentals.
The new community plan that allowed the 60-storey development instigated the
land speculation and inflation. Increased density equals loss of affordability.
These projects are often exclusively marketed overseas.

The recently released Grandview community draft plan similarly puts a large
amount of older affordable rentals, co-ops, social housing and heritage
buildings at risk. There is no justification for approving this plan.

All along the Cambie Corridor, there have been significant increases in
development potential. This has resulted in land speculation and assemblies for
condo development - mostly six to 10 storeys, with 32 storeys at Marine and 45
storeys at Oakridge. Even though the Canada Line was at peak hour capacity from
the day it opened in 2010, new rezonings continue to be approved. Land and unit
values continue to escalate despite increased supply while transportation and
amenities are diminished and cannot keep up with increased needs.

In 2009, there was a city-wide rezoning of most of the roughly 70,000
single-family properties to increase the size of new developments, add laneway
houses and remove conditional design guidelines.

There now is no such thing as single-family zoning in Vancouver. Most every lot
can have three units: the main dwelling, a secondary suite and a laneway house.
But rather than using these as an incentive to retain and upgrade solid older
homes, they are leading to more demolition, waste and inflation.

Older, more-affordable character and heritage houses that often had secondary
suites are being replaced with monster McMansions at twice the price. These are
often left vacant and flipped multiple times, increasing land values that are
disconnected from the local economy.

So the pattern is up-zoning for more housing supply, land speculation,
demolition of older and more affordable housing, and redevelopment to expensive
units marketed as offshore investments. Further increasing housing supply in
this way is not going to address the problem of affordability for locals.

Simple supply-and-demand economics are no longer working. Tying transit funding
to increased density, as has been promoted by industry, would only make things
worse. Communities should be given more influence in land-use decisions, not
handicapped with less consultation and input.

The answer is more complex. It needs to deal with foreign capital flows and
speculation.

As the city's consultants confirmed, we have decades of development potential
already available. There is no need for rash decisions that further increase
supply, leading to escalation of the land inflation we are already experiencing.
Insanity is defined as repeating the same things while expecting different
results.

Elizabeth Murphy is a private sector project manager and was formerly a property
development officer for the City of Vancouver's housing and properties
department and for B.C. Housing. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All
rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Vancouver Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                             836 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 27, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Live Updates: What You Need to Know about Flooding in Louisiana

LENGTH: 1568  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: White House Administration has issued the following news release:



  The state of Louisiana continues to deal with a significant level of flooding
and one of the worst natural disasters in recent years. Secretary of Housing and
Urban Development Castro and Administrator Contreras-Sweet of the Small Business
Administration visited Louisiana today to meet with elected officials, response
officials, and survivors to continue to support Governor Edwards' priorities on
housing and businesses.





 Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson traveled to Louisiana last week to
assess damages with Governor Edwards, federal and state responders, and the
National Guard, meet with survivors in shelters, and receive an update on the
response to ongoing flooding in the state. During the press conference with
Governor Edwards, Secretary Johnson reiterated the President's message that the
federal government will continue to do everything we can to help the survivors
and get people back into homes.



 So here's what you should know about the federal response in Louisiana and the
resources that you or anyone you know who is impacted by flooding can use:

 Federal Response



 President Obama has declared 20 parishes for a major disaster for severe storms
and flooding, a declaration that makes federal funding available to affected
people in Acadia, Ascension, Avoyelles, East Baton Rouge, East Feliciana,
Evangeline, Iberia, Iberville, Jefferson Davis, Lafayette, Livingston, Pointe
Coupee, St. Helena, St. Landry, St. Martin, St. Tammany, Tangipahoa, Vermilion,
Washington and West Feliciana. In addition to the 20 parishes, FEMA is
conducting a joint federal and state damage assessment in Assumption and St.
Charles.



 More than 27,800 NFIP policyholders submitted claims for flood loss, and more
than 122,000 individuals and households registered for assistance. FEMA approved
more than $205 million in financial support to flood survivors in Louisiana.
This total includes more than:



     $155 million to help survivors with temporary rental assistance, essential
home repairs, and other disaster-related needs

     $55 million in advanced payments to flood insurance policyholders who
sustained damages and have filed a claim



 Here's how FEMA is leading the coordination of federal assistance on the ground
in Louisiana:



     More than 2,400 federal staff are on the ground in Louisiana supporting
flood response activities.

     FEMA provided more than 740,000 liters of water, 635,000 meals, 12,800
cots, and 12,500 blankets to Louisiana for distribution to survivors.

     More than 270 Disaster Survivor Assistance Team members are on the ground
and at shelters to address immediate and emerging needs of disaster survivors
including: on-site registration, applicant status checks, on-the-spot needs
assessments, and access to partners offering survivors services.

     FEMA Mobile Emergency Response Support (MERS) personnel and equipment are
deployed to support the state with secure and non-secure voice, video, and
information services to support emergency response communications needs. This
includes 48 MERS personnel, 19 Mobile Communications Office Vehicles (MCOV), and
51 additional vehicles.

     The U.S. Department of Transportation made $2 million in emergency relief
funds immediately available through the Federal Highway Administration to help
repair roads and bridges in the affected areas. The funds will also help
stabilize structures to prevent further damage and set up detours until
permanent repairs are completed.

     The Corporation for National Community Service deployed more than 600
AmeriCorps members, including FEMA Corps and AmeriCorps Disaster Response Teams,
to support shelter operations, home clean-up operations, survivor call centers
and disaster survivor assistance teams.

     The American Red Cross shelters are housing approximately 2,500 people in
18 community shelters. Since the flooding began last week, ARC provided more
than 45,000 overnight stays in shelters and served more than 356,000 meals and
snacks, and 126,000 relief items. More than 2,500 ARC personnel, many of whom
are volunteers, are supporting the flood response effort.

     The Environmental Protection Agency is assisting both the Louisiana
Department of Health and Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality with
flood debris removal and ensuring the water systems can provide safe drinking
water. The state continues to test 46 water systems that impact more than 15,000
households.

     The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services activated its Emergency
Prescription Assistance Program to pay for prescriptions and medical equipment
for disaster survivors without health insurance. Louisiana patients may obtain a
free 30-day supply of medications or medical supplies at any participating
pharmacy here.



 Housing Assistance



 The state of Louisiana, with funding support from FEMA, is launching the
Shelter at Home program. This allows residents who qualify to safely live in
their own homes as temporary shelters while they plan and carry out permanent
repairs. Detailed information, guidelines, and online pre-registration for the
Shelter at Home program will be available on Monday, Aug. 29, at
www.ShelteratHome.Louisiana.gov



 In addition to the state's Shelter at Home program, the Multi Family Lease and
Repair Program may provide funds to make rental units livable again in order to
lease them to provide temporary housing to eligible disaster survivors.
Interested property owners can call 225-382-1464 or email
fema-ia-dhops@fema.dhs.gov



 FEMA activated its Transitional Sheltering Assistance (TSA) program to make
participating hotels or motels available for eligible disaster survivors who are
currently residing in a personal vehicle, hotel or motel, shelter, or place of
employment. There are more than 1,120 households checked into hotels and motels
under the program.



 FEMA completed more than 27,900 home inspections. Additionally, FEMA is also
using Geographic Information System (GIS) housing data to determine
inaccessibility based on the location of an applicant 's address.

 Open for Business



 The National Business Emergency Operations Center is working in coordination
with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce National Foundation Corporate Citizenship
Center and nearly 60 national companies engaged in assisting survivors in the
Louisiana flooding with donations of time, money, services, and goods to relief
organizations. These companies are also deploying teams to help efforts on the
ground, waiving fees, reducing costs for clean-up supplies, and many other forms
of help.



 The Small Business Administration (SBA) has six business recovery centers open,
one in Livingston Parish, one in Tangipahoa Parish, one in Ascension Parish, two
in East Baton Rouge Parish and one in Lafayette Parish. SBA is providing
low-interest loans to Louisiana survivors and businesses to assist with
uninsured and underinsured flood-related losses. The SBA received 2,841
applications and approved $14 million in disaster loans.

 Apply for Assistance



 how to file a claim with FEMADisaster Recovery Centers (DRC) will continue to
open in locations identified by the state to provide information to survivors.
Thirteen Disaster Recovery Centers (DRC) are open in Ascension, Baton Rouge,
Iberia, St. Helena, St. Martin, Tangipahoa, and West Feliciana parishes where
survivors can apply for assistance and meet face-to-face with recovery
specialists.



 Disaster survivors do not need to go to a DRC in order to receive disaster
assistance. To find the nearest Disaster Recovery Center, visit
www.fema.gov/DRC, use the FEMA Mobile Application or text DRC and your zip code
to 43362 (4FEMA).



 If you are a resident or business owner who has sustained losses in the
designated parishes, you can apply for assistance from FEMA by registering
online at www.DisasterAssistance.gov or by calling 1-800-621-FEMA (3362) or
1-800-462-7585 (TTY) for the hearing and speech impaired. The numbers are
toll-free, and will operate from 7am to 10pm (local time) seven days a week
until further notice.



 First and foremost, you should return home only when authorities indicate it is
safe.



 If you can safely return to your home, and have filed an insurance claim or
applied for FEMA assistance:



     Be ready when an adjuster or housing inspector calls

     Take pictures

     Make a list

     Remove water damaged items to prevent mold

     Don't have damaged items hauled away until adjuster or inspector sees or
gives the ok



 An important note: When cleaning up your home, assume everything touched by
flood water is contaminated and will have to be disinfected. Residents who are
able to start cleaning up should do so with care.



 If you are a veteran and your home has been impacted by the floods, the VA has
provided guidance on how to ensure you receive the assistance you need here.



 The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Substance Abuse and Mental
Health Services Administration (SAMSA) has activated its Disaster Distress
helpline. This toll-free, multilingual, crisis support service is available 24/7
via telephone (1-800-985-5990) and SMS (text 'TalkWithUs' to 66746) to residents
in the U.S. and its territories who are experiencing emotional distress.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             837 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 27, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Live Updates: What You Need to Know about Flooding in Louisiana

LENGTH: 1568  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: White House Administration has issued the following news release:



  The state of Louisiana continues to deal with a significant level of flooding
and one of the worst natural disasters in recent years. Secretary of Housing and
Urban Development Castro and Administrator Contreras-Sweet of the Small Business
Administration visited Louisiana today to meet with elected officials, response
officials, and survivors to continue to support Governor Edwards' priorities on
housing and businesses.





 Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson traveled to Louisiana last week to
assess damages with Governor Edwards, federal and state responders, and the
National Guard, meet with survivors in shelters, and receive an update on the
response to ongoing flooding in the state. During the press conference with
Governor Edwards, Secretary Johnson reiterated the President's message that the
federal government will continue to do everything we can to help the survivors
and get people back into homes.



 So here's what you should know about the federal response in Louisiana and the
resources that you or anyone you know who is impacted by flooding can use:

 Federal Response



 President Obama has declared 20 parishes for a major disaster for severe storms
and flooding, a declaration that makes federal funding available to affected
people in Acadia, Ascension, Avoyelles, East Baton Rouge, East Feliciana,
Evangeline, Iberia, Iberville, Jefferson Davis, Lafayette, Livingston, Pointe
Coupee, St. Helena, St. Landry, St. Martin, St. Tammany, Tangipahoa, Vermilion,
Washington and West Feliciana. In addition to the 20 parishes, FEMA is
conducting a joint federal and state damage assessment in Assumption and St.
Charles.



 More than 27,800 NFIP policyholders submitted claims for flood loss, and more
than 122,000 individuals and households registered for assistance. FEMA approved
more than $205 million in financial support to flood survivors in Louisiana.
This total includes more than:



     $155 million to help survivors with temporary rental assistance, essential
home repairs, and other disaster-related needs

     $55 million in advanced payments to flood insurance policyholders who
sustained damages and have filed a claim



 Here's how FEMA is leading the coordination of federal assistance on the ground
in Louisiana:



     More than 2,400 federal staff are on the ground in Louisiana supporting
flood response activities.

     FEMA provided more than 740,000 liters of water, 635,000 meals, 12,800
cots, and 12,500 blankets to Louisiana for distribution to survivors.

     More than 270 Disaster Survivor Assistance Team members are on the ground
and at shelters to address immediate and emerging needs of disaster survivors
including: on-site registration, applicant status checks, on-the-spot needs
assessments, and access to partners offering survivors services.

     FEMA Mobile Emergency Response Support (MERS) personnel and equipment are
deployed to support the state with secure and non-secure voice, video, and
information services to support emergency response communications needs. This
includes 48 MERS personnel, 19 Mobile Communications Office Vehicles (MCOV), and
51 additional vehicles.

     The U.S. Department of Transportation made $2 million in emergency relief
funds immediately available through the Federal Highway Administration to help
repair roads and bridges in the affected areas. The funds will also help
stabilize structures to prevent further damage and set up detours until
permanent repairs are completed.

     The Corporation for National Community Service deployed more than 600
AmeriCorps members, including FEMA Corps and AmeriCorps Disaster Response Teams,
to support shelter operations, home clean-up operations, survivor call centers
and disaster survivor assistance teams.

     The American Red Cross shelters are housing approximately 2,500 people in
18 community shelters. Since the flooding began last week, ARC provided more
than 45,000 overnight stays in shelters and served more than 356,000 meals and
snacks, and 126,000 relief items. More than 2,500 ARC personnel, many of whom
are volunteers, are supporting the flood response effort.

     The Environmental Protection Agency is assisting both the Louisiana
Department of Health and Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality with
flood debris removal and ensuring the water systems can provide safe drinking
water. The state continues to test 46 water systems that impact more than 15,000
households.

     The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services activated its Emergency
Prescription Assistance Program to pay for prescriptions and medical equipment
for disaster survivors without health insurance. Louisiana patients may obtain a
free 30-day supply of medications or medical supplies at any participating
pharmacy here.



 Housing Assistance



 The state of Louisiana, with funding support from FEMA, is launching the
Shelter at Home program. This allows residents who qualify to safely live in
their own homes as temporary shelters while they plan and carry out permanent
repairs. Detailed information, guidelines, and online pre-registration for the
Shelter at Home program will be available on Monday, Aug. 29, at
www.ShelteratHome.Louisiana.gov



 In addition to the state's Shelter at Home program, the Multi Family Lease and
Repair Program may provide funds to make rental units livable again in order to
lease them to provide temporary housing to eligible disaster survivors.
Interested property owners can call 225-382-1464 or email
fema-ia-dhops@fema.dhs.gov



 FEMA activated its Transitional Sheltering Assistance (TSA) program to make
participating hotels or motels available for eligible disaster survivors who are
currently residing in a personal vehicle, hotel or motel, shelter, or place of
employment. There are more than 1,120 households checked into hotels and motels
under the program.



 FEMA completed more than 27,900 home inspections. Additionally, FEMA is also
using Geographic Information System (GIS) housing data to determine
inaccessibility based on the location of an applicant 's address.

 Open for Business



 The National Business Emergency Operations Center is working in coordination
with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce National Foundation Corporate Citizenship
Center and nearly 60 national companies engaged in assisting survivors in the
Louisiana flooding with donations of time, money, services, and goods to relief
organizations. These companies are also deploying teams to help efforts on the
ground, waiving fees, reducing costs for clean-up supplies, and many other forms
of help.



 The Small Business Administration (SBA) has six business recovery centers open,
one in Livingston Parish, one in Tangipahoa Parish, one in Ascension Parish, two
in East Baton Rouge Parish and one in Lafayette Parish. SBA is providing
low-interest loans to Louisiana survivors and businesses to assist with
uninsured and underinsured flood-related losses. The SBA received 2,841
applications and approved $14 million in disaster loans.

 Apply for Assistance



 how to file a claim with FEMADisaster Recovery Centers (DRC) will continue to
open in locations identified by the state to provide information to survivors.
Thirteen Disaster Recovery Centers (DRC) are open in Ascension, Baton Rouge,
Iberia, St. Helena, St. Martin, Tangipahoa, and West Feliciana parishes where
survivors can apply for assistance and meet face-to-face with recovery
specialists.



 Disaster survivors do not need to go to a DRC in order to receive disaster
assistance. To find the nearest Disaster Recovery Center, visit
www.fema.gov/DRC, use the FEMA Mobile Application or text DRC and your zip code
to 43362 (4FEMA).



 If you are a resident or business owner who has sustained losses in the
designated parishes, you can apply for assistance from FEMA by registering
online at www.DisasterAssistance.gov or by calling 1-800-621-FEMA (3362) or
1-800-462-7585 (TTY) for the hearing and speech impaired. The numbers are
toll-free, and will operate from 7am to 10pm (local time) seven days a week
until further notice.



 First and foremost, you should return home only when authorities indicate it is
safe.



 If you can safely return to your home, and have filed an insurance claim or
applied for FEMA assistance:



     Be ready when an adjuster or housing inspector calls

     Take pictures

     Make a list

     Remove water damaged items to prevent mold

     Don't have damaged items hauled away until adjuster or inspector sees or
gives the ok



 An important note: When cleaning up your home, assume everything touched by
flood water is contaminated and will have to be disinfected. Residents who are
able to start cleaning up should do so with care.



 If you are a veteran and your home has been impacted by the floods, the VA has
provided guidance on how to ensure you receive the assistance you need here.



 The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Substance Abuse and Mental
Health Services Administration (SAMSA) has activated its Disaster Distress
helpline. This toll-free, multilingual, crisis support service is available 24/7
via telephone (1-800-985-5990) and SMS (text 'TalkWithUs' to 66746) to residents
in the U.S. and its territories who are experiencing emotional distress.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             838 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 11, 2016 Monday

Virginia: Foundation pulls plans for Glenwood school

LENGTH: 228  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Richmond: City of Danville, The State of Virginia has issued the following news
release:



 A not-for-profit foundation has withdrawn its application to convert the former
Glenwood Elementary School into multi-family housing. A rezoning request that
accompanied the proposed project was removed from the agenda for Monday's
meeting of the Danville Planning Commission.





 Prior to withdrawing its application, Buckeye Community Hope Foundation had
developed plans to convert the school into apartments and construct a second
building on the property that also would contain apartments.



 A total of 48 apartments were planned, with rents ranging from range from $421
to $495 for one-bedroom units, $485 to $595 for two-bedroom units and $571 to
$675 for three-bedroom units.



 Five of the 48 units would have been eligible for Section 8 housing vouchers,



 Residents in the neighborhood overwhelmingly expressed opposition to the
proposed project during a community meeting held last week by the city's
Community Development Department.



 Glenwood school is a 28,000 square-foot building located at 1540 Halifax Road.
It was built in 1948 and sits on 6.3 acres. The school was closed in 2013. Since
then, the school has been vandalized on multiple occasions.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             839 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Lowell Sun (Lowell, MA)

                           October 15, 2003 Wednesday

Bill Martin is running because 'much remains;
to be done' in city

BYLINE: MICHAEL LAFLEUR, Sun Staff

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 504 words


LOWELL City Councilor Bill Martin says he is running for re-election to continue
the work he started in his first two terms.

"We made significant progress in the city, but much remains to be done," Martin
said.

Among Martin's chief accomplishments is the city's "Two For Lowell" housing
program, which refunds landlords as much as 4.5 percent of their home loan for a
two-, three- or four-family home in the city if they live in it for at least
five years.

Martin said 49 new homeowners have taken advantage of the program since it was
introduced at the end of his first term, and he characterized the effort as one
of the "fresh ideas" he has brought to the council.

"The goal is to increase owner occupancy in the multi-family housing stock in
the city," Martin said. "Everybody talks about absentee landlords being a
problem. This is one way to avoid that."

He said his support for the program is indicative of his leadership style in
general.

"I have taken a reasoned approach to looking at issues and evaluating them on
their merits," Martin said. "If we had a different City Council, we could have
very easily found ourselves in the position Springfield was in, or so many other
cities around the state that have drastically reduced services. We've managed
our budget and lived within our means while continuing to make progress."

He noted, as an example of that progress, the city's attempt to rejuvenate the
Acre neighborhood, which has already prompted a new Market Basket supermarket
and Lowell Senior Center at Broadway and Fletcher streets, the
under-construction Stoklosa Middle School and several residential developments
now under way in the area.

Martin said the key to spurring more business investment downtown is the
completion of several major aspects of the revitalization plan for the
Jackson-Appleton-Middlesex [or JAM] area, such as a new, 950-space parking
garage at Central and Middlesex streets and reconfiguring the Lord Overpass to
allow more even traffic flow.

"What the Acre Plan demonstrates is the potential of what the JAM area could
look like with one or two significant projects," he said.

Martin's wife, Martha, is a teacher at Sacred Heart Catholic School in Lowell,
which their three children attend.

He was a favorite for the mayor's post, but colleagues chose Rita Mercier
instead. The mayor also chairs the School Committee.

Martin is a staunch critic of the School Committee's teachers contract and was
among the council majority that forced the school board to cut its budget by
$1.2 million more than it wanted, despite a 1,000-signature petition from a
local parent group asking that the funds be restored.

"I would have loved to have funded the school budget at $130 million," he said.
"To me, [the cuts are] the reality of the fiscal climate you're in. The City
Council has done a good job of maintaining services in a difficult economic
environment without significant tax increases."

Michael Lafleur's e-mail is mlafleur@lowellsun.com .

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                             840 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 16, 2014 Tuesday

Assistant Secretary for Housing-Federal Housing Commissioner: Director,
Multifamily Asset & Counterparty Oversight Division 15-HUD-235-P

LENGTH: 2188  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Director, Multifamily Asset & Counterparty Oversight Division

Department:Department Of Housing And Urban Development

Agency:Assistant Secretary for Housing-Federal Housing Commissioner

Job Announcement Number:15-HUD-235-P
SALARY RANGE:
 $124,995.00 to $157,100.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Tuesday, December 16, 2014 to Monday, December 29, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1101-15
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Career/Career Conditional - Full-time/
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
15
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Washington DC, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 U.S. citizens; no prior Federal experience is required.

This opportunity is also open to Status eligibles under Announcement 15-HUD-234.
Please refer to that announcement for details on open period, eligibility, and
how to apply.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Not Applicable
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 Yes
JOB SUMMARY:

About the Agency

This position is located in the Office of Housing, Office of Multi-family.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    1-2 days per month

KEY REQUIREMENTS

Click "Print Preview" to review the entire announcement before applying.
    Please refer to "Conditions of Employment."

DUTIES:
Back to top

As a Director, Multifamily Asset & Counterparty Oversight Division, you will:

Represent the Office of Asset Management & Portfolio Oversight to other
organizations, including other HUD program areas and Federal officials, industry
stakeholders, contractors, private businesses, etc.
    Direct the development of criteria, instructions, and guidelines to achieve
the goals and mission of the Office of Asset Management & Portfolio and the
Office of Multifamily Housing Programs.
    Provide information, advice, and guidance to Congressional representatives,
Departmental officials, representatives from other governmental agencies, and
other clients regarding programs administered by the Division.
    Coordinate the activities of the Division with those of other Departmental
program areas to assure the accomplishment of overall goals and objectives.
    Direct the daily activities of the Division, including: coordinating with
other Housing Offices and Divisions on projects involving the Division's
responsibilities, planning work to be accomplished by the staff of the Division,
including establishing goals, priorities, and schedules for work completion,
guiding, instructing, advising, and counseling staff members on work
assignments, standards, and expectations, and evalutating the performance of the
Division's staff.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

You must meet the following requirements by the closing date of this
announcement.

Specialized Experience: For the GS-15, you must have one year of specialized
experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-14
grade level in the Federal service. Specialized experience for this position
includes:

Working with Federal, State, and/or local laws, regulations, policies,
procedures or agreements, in connection with, market rate, conventional, and/or
affordable multifamily housing programs;
    Managing and overseeing offices and staff which have responsibility for the
benchmark/criteria, evaluation and validation of results of federally assisted
properties;
    Performing file reviews for defaulted loans in order to determine the root
cause of default. (i.e oversight of FHA-approved multifamily mortgage loan
servicers, originators and other counterparties to monitor and improve risk
management initiatives); AND
    Interacting with other Federal, State, and/or local entities, that are
active in multifamily asset management loan evaluation and/or counterparty
oversight.


Experience may have been gained in either the public or private sector. One year
of experience refers to full-time work; part-time work is considered on a
prorated basis. To ensure full credit for your work experience, please indicate
dates of employment by month/date/year, and indicate number of hours worked per
week on your résumé.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

Your application includes your résumé, responses to the online questions, and
required supporting documents. Please be sure that your résumé includes detailed
information to support your qualifications for this position; failure to provide
sufficient evidence in your resume may result in a "not qualified"
determination.

Rating: Your application will be evaluated in the following areas:
Organiziational Awareness, Leadership, Communication. Category rating will be
used to rank and select eligible candidates. If qualified, you will be assigned
to one of three quality level categories: Best Qualified, Better Qualified, and
Qualified (Good) depending on your responses to the online questions, regarding
your experience, education, and training related to this position. Your rating
may be lowered if your responses to the online questions are not supported by
the education and/or experience described in your application.

Veterans' preference is applied after applicants are assessed.
Preference-eligibles will be listed at the top of their assigned category and
considered before non-preference-eligibles in that category. Qualified
preference-eligibles with a compensable service-connected disability of 10% or
more will be listed at the top of the highest category.

Referral: If you are among the top qualified candidates, your application may be
referred to a selecting official for consideration. You may be required to
participate in a selection interview.

If you are a displaced or surplus Federal employee (eligible for the Career
Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP)/Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan
(ICTAP)) you must be assigned the middle category or better to be rated as "well
qualified" to receive special selection priority.
To preview questions please click here.
BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/program_offices/administration/careers/
hudbenefits


OTHER INFORMATION:
- We may select from this announcement or any other source to fill one or more
vacancies.
- Relocation expenses may be paid.
- This is a non-bargaining unit position.
- This position is Exempt from the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA).
- Recruitment incentive may be offered.
- HUD offers alternative and flexible work schedules.

CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT:
- A one year probationary period may be required.
- A one year supervisory or managerial probationary period may be required.
- Must successfully complete a background investigation.
- Complete a Declaration for Federal Employment to determine your suitability
for Federal employment, at the time requested by the agency
- If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you
have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to
do so.
- Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
- Go through a Personal Identity Verification (PIV) process that requires two
forms of identification from the Form I-9. Federal law requires verification of
the identity and employment eligibility of all new hires in the U.S.
- Obtain and use a Government-issued charge card for business-related travel.

HUD employees are prohibited under Section 7501.104, 5 Code of Federal
Regulations from directly or indirectly owning, acquiring, or receiving:
- Federal Housing Authority debentures or certificate of claim;
- Financial interest in a project, including any single family dwelling or unit
subsidized by HUD, or which is subject to a note or mortgage insured by HUD;
- Section 8 subsidies to or on behalf of a tenant of property you, your spouse,
or a dependent child owns.

The following are exceptions to the Section 8 prohibition:
- The employee, or the employee's spouse or minor child acquires, without
specific intent as through inheritance, a property in which a tenant receiving
such a subsidy already resides;
- The tenant receiving such a subsidy lived in the rental property before the
employee worked for the Department;
- The tenant receiving such a subsidy is a parent, child, grandchild, or sibling
of the employee;
- The employee's, or the employee's spouse or minor child's, rental property has
an incumbent tenant who has not previously received such a subsidy and becomes
the beneficiary thereof; or
- The location of the rental property is in a Presidentially declared emergency
or natural disaster area and the employee receives prior written approval from
an agency designee.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top
HUD has partnered with the Treasury's Bureau of the Fiscal Service to provide
certain personnel services to its organization. Fiscal Service's
responsibilities include advertising vacancies, accepting and handling
applications, and extending job offers.

The following instructions outline our application process. You must complete
this application process and submit any required documents by 11:59 p.m. Eastern
Time (ET) on the closing date of this announcement. We are available to assist
you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. ET, Monday - Friday).
If applying online poses a hardship, please contact us by noon ET on the
announcement's closing date.

HUD provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities on a
case-by-case basis. Please contact us if you require this for any part of the
application and hiring process.

To begin, either click the "Create a New Account" button and follow the prompts
to register or if you previously registered, click the "Apply Online" button and
follow the prompts.

You will be re-directed to HUD's CareerConnector system to complete your
application process; answer the online questions, and submit all required
documents. (To submit supporting documents, click one of the available options;
Upload; Fax; or Reuse existing documents. To protect your privacy, we suggest
you first remove your SSN). Also, go to "My Account" to view and update your
information, as necessary.

To complete, you must click the "Finish" button located at the bottom of the
"Application Review" page.

To verify your application is complete, log into your USAJOBS account, select
the Application Status link and then select the more information link for this
position. The Details page will display the status of your application, the
documentation received and processed, and any correspondence the agency has sent
related to this application.

To return to an incomplete application, log into your USAJOBS account and click
Update Application in the vacancy announcement. You must re-select your resume
and/or other documents from your USAJOBS account or your application will be
incomplete.

If you are experiencing system issues with your application, please contact the
Help Desk at mgshelp@monster.com or at 866-656-6831 and/or the USAJobs Help
Desk.

REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:
A complete application includes 1. A résumé, 2. Vacancy question responses, and
3. Submission of any required documents. Please note that if you do not provide
all required information, as specified in this announcement, you may not be
considered for this position (or may not receive the special consideration for
which you may be eligible).

All applicants are required to submit a résumé either by creating one in USAJOBS
or uploading one of their own choosing. (Cover letters are optional.) To receive
full credit for relevant experience, please list the month/date/year and number
of hours worked for experience listed on your résumé. We suggest that you
preview the online questions, as you may need to customize your résumé to ensure
that it supports your responses to these questions. Please view résumé tips.

VETERANS' PREFERENCE DOCUMENTATION: If you are claiming veterans preference,
please see applicant guide for required documentation In order to be considered
for veterans preference, you must submit all required documentation as outlined
in the applicant guide.

CAREER TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PLAN (CTAP) OR INTERAGENCY CAREER TRANSITION
ASSISTANCE PLAN (ICTAP) DOCUMENTATION: If you are a displaced or surplus Federal
employee, click CTAP/ICTAP for eligibility and a detailed list of required
documents.
AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Applicant Call Center
Phone: 304-480-7300
Fax: 000-000-0000
Email: hudinquiries@bpd.treas.gov
Agency Information:
Assistant Secretary for Housing
***WE DO NOT ACCEPT MAILED APPLICATIONS***
Parkersburg, WV
26101
US
Fax: 000-000-0000
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
You may check the status of your application for this position at any time by
logging onto the USAJOBS "My Account" tab and clicking on "Application Status".
For a more detailed update of your application status, you may click on "more
information."

Please notify us if your contact information changes after the closing date of
the announcement. Also, note that if you provide an email address that is
inaccurate or if your mailbox is full or blocked (e.g., spam-blocker), you may
not receive important communication that could affect your consideration for
this position.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             841 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                           October 22, 1999, Friday,

Need for housing grows as affordable units fade;
 Increasing the supply of all housing is the better way to attack this problem.

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 188 words


The city of Portland, struggling to find ways to relieve an acute shortage of
affordable housing, got some bad news recently.

The financial failure of the Back Bay Towers project will allow the new owners
of the building to go ahead with plans to phase out over four years the 35
subsidized units in the apartment building. That will add to a shortage of cheap
rents in Portland, where the apartment vacancy rate hovers around 2 percent.

It's a tough problem, and while securing some additional subsidies from the
federal government could help alleviate it somewhat, any long-term solution has
to involve a shift in the market. To do that, Portland has to increase its
supply of housing.

That does not necessarily mean more subsidized housing. Because we're talking
about a market, any new construction will help. City officials, then, should
look at ways to encourage all types of housing construction, but especially
multi-family buildings, even those that are high priced.

Relieving pressure on Portland's limited housing supply is the right way to
address the problem of affordable rents in the city.


LOAD-DATE: October 23, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: b[w]

File photo;

 Portland is losing affordable rents here.

                 Copyright 1999 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                             842 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      North Shore News (British Columbia)

                             March 21, 2008 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Where are my aging parents going to live?

BYLINE: Darrell Mussatto, Special To North Shore News

SECTION: VIEWPOINT; Chains of Office; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 796  words


The third of three columns by the three North Shore mayors on this topic.

If there is one thing that defines the City of North Vancouver and separates us
from our neighbouring municipalities, it's the way in which our residential
development has occurred over the last 100 years.

Whether it be our duplex and triplex redevelopments, our older four-storey
apartments or our taller highrise buildings, the majority of our residents live
in multi-family dwellings. In fact, more than 70 per cent of our residents do
and we continue to be the place where the majority of people find affordable
housing on the North Shore. In short, the city has taken advantage of its
compact form of development and in turn become much more sustainable from an
economic, social and environmental perspective than most other municipalities in
the province.

So let's explore the actual benefits of compact urban living and how this came
to be.

Since its incorporation, the city has been surrounded by the District of North
Vancouver on three sides and by Burrard Inlet on the other. This has served as a
border for growth containment and prevented the suburban sprawl type of
development common in many other municipalities. It forced us to make better use
of the land we have and to address the biggest problem in the Lower Mainland
right now: the high costs of land and housing. And this is where the benefits of
increased density can offer real solutions.

What I hear more of than any other these days is: Where are my children or aging
parents going to live? Detached houses are nearly impossible to buy for most,
especially the young starting out, and are difficult for the elderly who already
own to maintain. And they are energy gluttons compared to multiple-unit
buildings. Strata apartments allow for some to get into ownership for the first
time, while partnerships with non-profits enable affordable rental apartments to
be built for seniors so they can live in the community they grew up in.

However, people are still finding it very hard to stay here. And with the
reluctance of senior levels of government to address what is actually their area
of responsibility, we are going to have to be even more creative in our thinking
and understanding in our attitudes to address the housing problem. Our current
investigation of laneway housing or detached accessory dwelling units may
provide some opportunities in the future.

For public transit to be financially viable it needs users, lots of them.
Low-density developments are very expensive to service by public transit and
require large subsidies from the taxpayer to operate. By having many transit
users in a compact area such as along the Lonsdale corridor, the required
subsidies are much less and routes more efficient. More than 50 per cent of the
people who live along the Lonsdale Avenue corridor commute to work without using
their personal auto. They walk, bike or take transit to their workplace, and
with more frequent transit service that percentage will increase.

The residential development occurring along the major transportation and
commercial streets is also good for business. For businesses to be successful
they need customers, preferably close by, and they need staff to work at them.
Business owners all along Lonsdale tell me increased density means more
customers and better sales. It also means better use of our public facilities
such as our recreations centres and library. The John Braithwaite Community
Centre is a great success despite the absence of any free parking apart from
that on the street. By providing amenities in the higher density areas, people
do not need to use their car to get to their exercise class and can enjoy a
great quality of life. And with the positive redevelopment of Lower Lonsdale,
people can now meet many of their needs by walking.

The redevelopment of Lower Lonsdale has also made our public heating utility,
Lonsdale Energy Corporation, very effective. Our heating utility provides both
space heating and hot-water needs in a very efficient way that low-density
developments could never achieve. As well, servicing the higher density areas
with water, storm and sanitary sewer services is much cheaper than doing so in
less dense areas. And this keeps our tax rates one of the lowest in the region.

Finally, the city recently received the provincial government's top prize in the
Green City Awards for being the most sustainable city with populations between
25,000 and 100,000. This was a great achievement for our city and shows we are
on the right track towards a more sustainable future.

Readers can post their thoughts on density to our website. Go to www.nsnews.com
and click on the "forum" link. Future monthly topics will be transportation,
regional policing and amalgamation.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 North Shore News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             843 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              May 17, 2002 Friday

Developer:Neighborhood won't change; Arbor Glen: He says that for decades the
property has been zoned multi-family

BYLINE: ERIN COYLE

SECTION: Pg. a1

LENGTH: 699 words


Building a 64-unit housing development at the end of Raven Oaks Drive is not
going to change the surrounding neighborhood, according to the developer.

Neighbors object to the population density the project would add to an area made
up primarily of single-family homes. And a city official has corrected the
developer's statements about the type of affordable housing Arbor Glen would
provide. Even the Dubuque City Council has struggled with whether the
development is appropriate for the area.

"Their neighborhood is not going to change any," said David Steele, vice
president of real estate development for MWF Properties. "We are trying to
target family housing."

The council on Monday will consider whether Arbor Glen suits the area. The
council, by a vote of 4-2, has approved two readings of an ordinance allowing
the $$ @6 million development to be built at the end of Raven Oaks. Mayor Terry
Duggan, a Realtor, has excused himself from considering the item because of a
potential conflict of interest.

"This property has been zoned for decades multi-family," said Steele.

Several apartment buildings stand along Raven Oaks between a grove of trees and
Kennedy Road. The nearly 8-acre wooded area has been zoned for multi-family
housing for more than three decades. Last year, the council approved a
62-apartment planned-unit development for the area, but the three-story complex
lacked sufficient tax-credit financing.

The Iowa Finance Authority has awarded nearly $$ @3 million in tax credits to
the project. The award requires at least 40 percent of Arbor Glen's apartments
to be available to people earning at most 60 percent of the area's median
income. Arbor Glen plans to rent about three-fourths of its apartments to people
within that income range.

"Anybody can rent there if they want to," said Steele.

David Harris, director of housing and community development for the city, agrees
that people can live where they want.

"It's just a matter of if the Section 8 program will constrain them from doing
so," said Harris.

Section 8 is a federal housing assistance program for people who earn at most 50
percent of the area's median income. Because of the affordable housing program's
limitations, most Dubuque participants cannot afford Arbor Glen's rents of $$
@625 and higher. Only five of the 1,080 local Section 8 participants could live
at Arbor Glen, said Harris.

"I want all people in Dubuque to have a place to live," said Lora Goedken, of
3109 Arbor Oaks Drive, near the proposed development. "I guess I'm just asking
that we have our place to live and not have it changed drastically."

The rocky patch where previous developers stripped trees from the forested grove
is hardly visible from Goedken's deck. Steele said MWF will leave as much
perimeter vegetation as possible between Arbor Glen and neighboring yards.

"We certainly want to develop with some conscience," said Steele.

But neighbors worry development will disrupt more than forest views. When Joan
Schlueter, of 2668 Marywood Drive, steps onto her home's deck, she can watch the
area's wildlife. She even has seen a loon at the end of Raven Oaks. Now she
expects to see an apartment building there.

"They say it is progress, so you can not stop it. But it would be nice if they
would just leave it to be forested," said Schlueter.

Steele said people have a right to develop their own land. And he does not
understand why neighbors see Arbor Glen differently than the apartments already
standing along Raven Oaks.

"If the neighborhood wanted it to be a park, then they should have bought it and
made it a park," said Steele.

Many neighbors hoped less dense development would go in the area. They want
owner-occupied housing built, housing they feel is less likely to lower values
of nearby homes.

But Bob Felderman, an owner of the Raven Oaks property, said Arbor Glen is one
of the least-dense developments that has been proposed for the area. The land
was zoned for more than 80 condominiums when Felderman Business Associates
purchased the property almost 10 years ago.

"This is what has been planned all along for that area," said Felderman.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2002 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             844 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Sun Journal (New Bern, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 20, 2014 Wednesday

Aldermen approve Craven Terrace rehab financing

BYLINE: Eddie Fitzgerald, Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 889 words


Aug. 20--The New Bern Board of Aldermen on Tuesday approved the Housing
Authority's effort to borrow $17 million in bond revenues to refurbish Craven
Terrace.

Mary Ann Rusher, a lawyer from Raleigh who is the Housing Authority's bond
counsel, said the bonds are different from what the city normally issues when
working on major capital projects. They are "conduit bonds" that have to be
issued by a government entity (the Housing Authority) to be tax exempt, she
said.

The bonds would be issued to a private, for-profit entity called Craven Terrace
LP which will be partly owned by Transformation Venture Capital, a nonprofit set
up by the Housing Authority last year, and the contractor, Evergreen Partners of
Florida. But 99 percent of the bonds would be issued to a tax credit investor
(like a bank or insurance company), which would own 99 percent of Craven
Terrace, she said.

In order to get the tax credits, at least 50 percent of the funding must come
from tax-exempt bonds, Rusher said.

"The bond orders, when issued, are not a debt of the Housing Authority and they
are not a debt of the city of New Bern," she said. "They are repayable solely on
the rents that this limited partnership receives from the projects (rents
supported by federal Section 8 laws)."

There are four levels of financing for the rehabilitation, Rusher said: a HUD
program that guarantees the repayment of the mortgage, tax credits, historic
housing tax credits, and bonds.

E.T. Mitchell, chairman of the Housing Authority Board of Commissioners, said
that when rehabilitation begins and the financing comes through the Rental
Assistance Demonstration Program, or RAD, the New Bern Housing Authority will
still have the title to the land where Craven Terrace is, but the buildings will
be owned by the lenders. Once the loans are paid off, the Housing Authority
would have the option of purchasing the buildings and paying off any outstanding
loans.

The Housing Authority and limited partner would co-manage the properties, she
said.

The Limited Partnership would own Craven Terrace for at least 15 years before it
could be sold off, Rusher said.

Mitchell said the RAD program was set up for 40 years, and Nancy Adolph, a
Housing Authority Board of Commissioners member, said Craven Terrace would
remain for at least 40 years.

Mitchell said 42 units at the back of Craven Terrace are in the flood plain and
are slated to be demolished. Any people living in those units would be given
vouchers to find other housing, she said.

Alderman Bernard White said that, for as long as he's lived in New Bern, Craven
Terrace was not prone to flooding, and since drainage issues have been taken
care of in the area, there is no water standing after a storm.

But Mayor Dana Outlaw pointed out the city has to rely on flood maps from the
Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) and if the city does not comply with
those maps, it could mean a loss of federal funds.

About $3 million will be spent on upgrading the sewer system, Mitchell said.
Because the Housing Authority is using federal historic housing tax credits,
only the interiors of the units can be renovated.

Craven Terrace was built between 1941 and 1953 and is functionally obsolete and
expensive to renovate, she said.

The Housing Authority Board of Commissioners approved a budget of $27.3 million
for the rehabilitation on July 24. The $17 million in bonds that is being
applied for is the hard cost of construction. The remainder, $10.3 million, is
the soft cost for consultants, architects, fees and lawyers.

Julian Marsh, executive director of the New Bern Housing Authority, said
Wednesday there are still hurdles to overcome before construction can begin at
Craven Terrace. One of the largest hurdles is whether HUD finds the RAD project
compatible with the city's $400,000 Choice Neighborhood Planning Grant that is
targeting the Five Points and Duffyfield area. Craven Terrace is the largest
site in the planning area, he said.

Marsh said he does not want to see the RAD project negatively affect the city's
Choice Neighborhood Planning Grant from getting a multi-million dollar
Implementation Grant.

The Housing Authority is finalizing the Craven Terrace plans to submit to HUD
along with the loan application. Marsh said initially they were hoping to begin
the renovations this fall, but now it is uncertain when work will begin.

A resolution to show approval of the New Bern Housing Authority borrowing $7
million for Phase I of the rehabilitation passed 5-1 on a motion from Pat
Schaible and seconded by Johnnie Ray Kinsey. White voted against the motion.
Alderman Victor Taylor was absent. A resolution approving the borrowing of $10
million for Phase II on a motion by Jeffrey Odham was seconded by Dallas
Blackiston; it also passed 5-1 with White opposing.

Odham said the way the resolution is worded, it could be misconstrued because it
states the board would provide approval of a multi-family housing facility know
as Craven Terrace apartments.

"And I know how the public is and their listening will stop at that point,"
Odham said, adding the board is not there not to approve the projects, but the
bond financing.

Schaible agreed and amended her motion.

___ (c)2014 the Sun Journal (New Bern, N.C.) Visit the Sun Journal (New Bern,
N.C.) at http://www.newbernsj.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140820-NS-Aldermen-approve-Craven-Terrace-rehab-financing-0820-20140820

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                           Copyright 2014 Sun Journal


                             845 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           September 8, 2007 Saturday

Golfair park given a year to vacate;
The last mobile home park in Jacksonville Beach was sold to a developer in
August.

BYLINE: CAREN BURMEISTER

SECTION: Pg. L-1

LENGTH: 527 words


JACKSONVILLE BEACH - Residents of the city's last mobile home park, Golfair,
learned this week that they have a year to move out.

About 100 residents of the park at 1300 Shetter Ave. received letters Wednesday
from Alliance Realty Partners saying they must move by Sept. 20, 2008.

Alliance, a multi-family housing developer based in Phoenix, bought the
11.4-acre park for $6.1 million, according to records at the Duval County
Clerk's Office. The sale occurred Aug. 28.

Under state law, mobile home park owners who sell or change the park must give
homeowners at least six months' written notice that they must find another place
to live.

Willie Hayes, 89, moved to the mobile home park about two decades ago. He knew
the sale was pending, but that didn't make the news in Wednesday's mailbox any
easier to swallow.

"I really, truly thought I'd spend the rest of my life at the park," Hayes said.
"Now, I've got to get out."

Hayes, who paid $13,000 for his mobile home about 19 years ago, doesn't know
where he will go. But he knows it will be tough, if not impossible, to compete
with his current lot rent of $230 a month.

Alliance plans to build The Broadstone, a 228-unit apartment complex with a pool
and clubhouse, at the site of the mobile home park, just east of the police
department.

Alliance Realty officials could not be reached for information about when
construction will begin or what the rental rates will be. Two Alliance Realty
Partners representatives involved in the Broadstone project, Bill Bollwerk and
Bob Weston, did not return messages left at their office Wednesday.

Jacksonville Beach planners recently approved the project's development plan
with a few conditions, including a deed restriction that holds Jacksonville
Beach harmless for any damage caused by flying golf balls from the municipal
golf course just south of the site.

No rezoning is required for the apartment complex because the property is
already zoned multi-family residential. Alliance has been evaluating the park's
feasibility for a year.

Alliance's notice to the park's residents says they may be eligible for
compensation from the Florida Mobile Home Relocation Trust Fund, which provides
some money to homeowners who move within a 50-mile radius. The notice to the
residents also provides a phone number for Resident Relocation Services, a
company based in Clearwater that helps homeowners find a new home and move.

Golfair Mobile Home Park, which has about 120 units, opened in 1961 and is the
last mobile home park in Jacksonville Beach. While mobile home parks have long
served as affordable housing for low- and moderate-income residents, several of
them have been sold to make way for condominiums and other developments that
require large parcels of land on major roadways.

One of Golfair's partners, Timothy Buffkin, said the park has kept the lot rent
affordable for its tenants. But he said it's getting harder to continue
operating the park because the older mobile homes continue to age and new mobile
homes aren't coming in because no one will sell insurance to owners of new
mobile homes at the Beaches.

caren.burmeister@jacksonville. com, (904) 249-4947, ext. 6321

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
GARY WILCOX/Staff The Golfair mobile home and RV park off Shetter Avenue in
Jacksonville Beach.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Florida Times-Union


                             846 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 16, 2016 Tuesday

Pennsylvania State Legislature Bill: SENATE RESOLUTION No. 290

LENGTH: 460 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Harrisburg: Pennsylvania State Legislature has issued the following bill
updates:

  SENATE RESOLUTION










      No.



      290



      Session of

      2015











  INTRODUCED BY TEPLITZ, DINNIMAN, FONTANA, SCHWANK, HUGHES, FARNESE AND
BREWSTER, FEBRUARY 10, 2016





  INTRODUCED AND ADOPTED, FEBRUARY 10, 2016







  A RESOLUTION




   1Designating February 23, 2016, as "Housing Awareness Day" in<br
id="Ref_End_1_01" />
   2Pennsylvania.



   3WHEREAS, The Commonwealth provides in excess of 200,000<br id="Ref_End_1_03"
/>
   4subsidized, assisted or affordable rental dwelling units within<br
id="Ref_End_1_04" />
   5its boundaries, funded through Federal and State programs<br
id="Ref_End_1_05" />
   6including, but not limited to, public housing, multi-family,<br
id="Ref_End_1_06" />
   7Section 8 Housing Choice Voucher and others, with an additional<br
id="Ref_End_1_07" />
   843,000 affordable housing units that have been developed through<br
id="Ref_End_1_08" />
   9the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit Program; and

   10WHEREAS, There continues to be a demand for even more<br id="Ref_End_1_10"
/>
   11affordable housing for low-income families, senior citizens,<br
id="Ref_End_1_11" />
   12veterans and individuals with physical and mental challenges;<br
id="Ref_End_1_12" />
   13and

   14WHEREAS, The provision of safe, secure, accessible and<br id="Ref_End_1_14"
/>
   15affordable housing greatly impacts the lives of these<br id="Ref_End_1_15"
/>
   16individuals; and

   17WHEREAS, Subsidized, assisted and affordable housing improves<br
id="Ref_End_1_17" />
   18the socioeconomic climate of this Commonwealth by benefiting not


    20150SR0290PN1563 -1-




   1only the residents, but also their neighbors, local businesses,<br
id="Ref_End_2_01" />
   2employers and their communities as a whole; and

   3WHEREAS, Creating awareness of the needs and the benefits of<br
id="Ref_End_2_03" />
   4housing assistance is essential to the growth and stability of<br
id="Ref_End_2_04" />
   5those who are served; and

   6WHEREAS, The Pennsylvania Association of Housing and<br id="Ref_End_2_06" />

   7Redevelopment Agencies, in partnership with the Housing Alliance<br
id="Ref_End_2_07" />
   8of Pennsylvania, works closely with their members and industry<br
id="Ref_End_2_08" />
   9partners to build, develop, support and provide suitable housing<br
id="Ref_End_2_09" />
   10and related services; therefore be it

   11RESOLVED, That the Senate designate February 23, 2016, as<br
id="Ref_End_2_11" />
   12"Housing Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.

 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             847 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                             June 8, 2013 Saturday

Program to give $2M to support moderate-income rural housing

BYLINE: Megan Hart.

megan.hart@cjonline.com

LENGTH: 357 words


The Kansas Housing Resources Corporation is seeking proposals to use $2 million
to support moderate-income housing in rural areas.

The program is open to 600 communities across Kansas with populations of less
than 60,000. About 68 percent of Kansas's population lives in those communities,
which can receive grants and loans to build multi-family or single-family
housing, to rehabilitate existing housing and to build utility extensions to
support the new development.

KHRC defines moderate income as between $23,220 and $109,350, though those
numbers vary with family size. The idea is to fill a gap for those who make too
much to be eligible for federal housing programs, but not enough to afford
market-rate housing, according to KHRC's 2012 year-end report.

KHRC will hold public meetings about the program at 10 a.m. Monday at 611 S.
Kansas Ave., Suite 300; 9:30 a.m. Tuesday at Ellis County Coalition for Economic
Development, 2700 Vine St. in Hays; 2:30 p.m. Tuesday at Mariah Hills Golf
Course Clubhouse, 1800 Matt Down Road in Dodge City; and 1:30 p.m. Thursday at
Memorial Hall, 410 North Penn Ave. in Independence.

Applications are due Sept. 6.

Community profiles on the KHRC website pointed employers having difficulty
finding "wage appropriate" housing for their workers in cities like Beloit, and
rapid growth pushing up housing prices in communities like Eudora. All of
Marshall County is eligible for the program because a needs assessment
determined the area was short 35 units for homeowners and 125 rental units
because of expansion at Landoll Corporation.

The program provided $2.3 million in state funding in 2012, leveraging $22.1
million in private funding.

Osage County received $310,000 to build four single-family homes per year for
the next five years. The proceeds from selling the homes will go toward building
additional homes. Homebuyers also will receive assistance with a $10,000 soft
second mortgage to lower their monthly payments by about $50. After five years,
the county will repay $129,240 to KHRC. The county's population has decreased
slightly in recent years, but its housing stock is aging, according to KHRC.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             848 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Laurinburg Exchange, North Carolina

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 20, 2011 Wednesday

City denies housing complex request

BYLINE: Scott Witten, The Laurinburg Exchange, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 692 words


April 20--The numbers for the proposed Greenway Residential Development in
Laurinburg were impressive.

The apartments would cost as much as $6 million to construct. The tax base for
the land where the complex would be located would jump from about $4,000 a year
to $40,000 and fees from city utilities would exceed $45,000 annually.

But dollar signs failed to sway the Laurinburg City Council Tuesday night.
Council voted unanimously to deny a conditional use request to develop the
56-unit multi-family housing complex near the Scotland Crossing Shopping Center
.

Council members said they denied the request because the proposed two-and
three-bedroom townhouses would not be "in harmony" with the area, which is
mainly commercial.

"I think it is fantastic idea, but not here," said Council member Joy Ellison.

The Laurinburg Planning Board gave its blessing to the project in a 5 to 2 vote
last month, but expressed concerns that the project would cause traffic
congestion and pose safety problems for children in the proposed development.

A lot of Tuesday's discussion was focused on who would be living in the
apartments -- mainly low-income residents. In exchange for federal tax credits
to build the complex, the developer agreed to make the units affordable for
those making significantly less than the median income. The annual salary for
renters would range between $20,000 and $32,500 depending on children.

"The elephant in the room is who will will be living here," said Bill Purcell,
attorney for Rock Hill, S.C. developer. "But these are assisted rentals, not
subsidized housing. Nobody is guaranteed the rent. If someone doesn't pay, they
get evicted."

Purcell said that there is a great need in Scotland County for such housing. He
said a recent study by the state showed that there would be least 400 people
that would still need housing once the proposed project was complete.

Purcell told council that the property owners -- Barbara Haney, Mike and Carol
Haney, Tommy and Sarah Williams, Carol and Mike Coughenour and Bob and Patricia
Lowrance -- have been trying for 18 years to attract a retail buyer for the
9.7-acre site.

"The planners have found a good use for it," Purcell said. "It has not attracted
any interest and does not seem to be a great site for a restaurant or for
retail."

Purcell added that the mult-million dollar project would benefit the city.
Laurinburg could have applied for a $250,000 Community Development Block Grant
to extend utilities and sidewalks to the complex. As part of the grant, the
developer would have to pay the city about $12,000 a year.

"You increase the tax base, utilities are extended and you are getting some
money back too," Purcell said.

Council Kenton Spenser disagreed, calling the apartments, "a way to turn a quick
buck," but not a long-term solution to Laurinburg's economic growth. He said the
city would never attract major retailers and restaurants by filling commercial
areas with assisted housing.

Councilman Herbert Rainer called the situation "bittersweet."

"It is sad, but it is also a sign of the times," Rainer said. "People can't
afford to buy house, so this is the type of housing that they can afford."

In other business, the council approved a request for conditional use permit for
the operation of sports bar-private club at 228 North Main Street. Henry Llyod
is would operate the club.

"Mr. Llyod has been a businessman for the last 20 years," said Councilman Curtis
Leak. "I'm glad that he wants to do something on the north side of town."

In other business, the council:

-- Authorized an agreement with the state DOT to make repairs to Bridge 39 over
US 74 business. and NC 79 on US 15-501 in Laurinburg. The state will pay for the
work.

-- Awarded a contract for auditing services to Gustaf C. Lundin and Company of
Laurinburg for the 2010-2011 financial records

To see more of The Laurinburg Exchange, go to
http://www.laurinburgexchange.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Laurinburg Exchange,
N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110420-1LX-City-denies-housing-complex-request-0420-20110420

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LX


                                 Copyright 2011


                             849 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           November 9, 2016 Wednesday

Measure R to lift Healdsburg's strict growth cap losing in early returns

BYLINE: Clark Mason, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 552 words


Nov. 09--Healdsburg's Measure R, which would lift a strict growth cap and create
more new housing in one of Sonoma County's priciest real estate markets, was
trailing in early returns Tuesday.

The ordinance, which would remove existing restrictions on the number of new
residential units allowed per year, had 60 percent against it and 40 percent in
favor.

Meanwhile, with three City Council seats up for grabs, incumbent Shaun McCaffery
was leading the field with 21 percent of the vote, followed by 18 percent for
David Hagele, a real estate finance broker making his first bid for council. In
third place incumbent Gary Plass had 17 percent; Joe Naujokas, a software
engineer, and Tim Meinken, winemaker, both had 15 percent. Mel Amato, a retired
engineer, trailed with 14 percent.

Measure S, which would raise the hotel room rate tax by 2 percent, effectively
to 16 percent, to help pay for housing programs, was winning close to the
two-thirds majority it needs to pass, garnering 66 percent in favor and 34
percent voting against.

Measure R would more than double the average number of market-rate homes that
could be built per year -- from 30 currently to 70 in the future -- something
backers say would create desperately needed multi-family and rental housing.

But opponents said there is no guarantee it will lead to more affordable housing
and will hand the City Council broad new powers to change growth patterns
without voter approval.

Deena Wanke, a bookkeeper who voted against Measure R, said it won't lead to the
type of housing that is needed and the added growth could exacerbate problems
like parking.

"We haven't worked on the infrastructure to accommodate it," she said.

Travis Williams, a hotel bellhop, said he was against the measure because of its
growth-inducing potential. Healdsburg is already busy enough, he said, and
"turning into a little San Francisco."

Healdsburg native and special ed teacher Monica Garcia also voted against the
measure, saying "the growth cap needs to be maintained."

"I've been here since 1975 and seen the town grow. I want to keep it small," she
said.

Garcia doubted Measure R would do anything but create more homes for wealthy
people -- at least none that would sell for less $400,000 to $500,000.

"The sense of community is already lost because of the gentrification of
Healdsburg," she said. "A lot of people who raised families here are priced
out."

And business owner Kelly Vanzutphen also was against Measure R, saying
developers seemed to be behind it.

"Obviously we have a housing crisis," she said, but was distrustful that it
would create more affordable homes.

Lupita Figueroa, an accountant who voted for Measure R, said it will help create
more needed affordable housing.

"I think affordability is more important now than keeping it the small town that
it is," she said.

Shane Thomas also voted for Measure R.

"This town has become gentrified. I feel the housing that's available is only
for the upper income," he said. "I'd like to see people who work here actually
be able to live here."

You can reach Staff Writer Clark Mason at 707-521-5214 or
clark.mason@pressdemocrat.com On Twitter@clarkmas

___ (c)2016 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20161109-UR-Measure-R-to-lift-Healdsburg-s-strict-growth-cap-losing-in-early-ret
urns-1109-20161109

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                       Copyright 2016 The Press Democrat


                             850 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                       March 3, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

AFL-CIO HIT Invests $29.8 Million to Renovate Seward Towers in Minneapolis,
Modernizing 640 Multifamily Rental Units

LENGTH: 513  words


March 3 -- The AFL-CIO Housing Investment Trust (HIT) today announced a $29.8
million investment in the substantial renovation of two, high rise apartment
buildings in Minneapolis, Seward Towers East and West. The project will
rehabilitate 640 multi-family rental units, 98% of which are affordable to low
income families.

The project will create an estimated 270 union construction jobs, with a total
of 615 jobs produced amongst local business and service sectors.  Originally
constructed in 1969 and 1970, the total development cost for renovating the
towers is $99.2 million.  Other sources of financing include Minnesota and
Hennepin County funds.

"The HIT is investing union pension funds to help gain a competitive return for
investors while increasing affordable housing and creating jobs in the
Minneapolis area, as well as in communities across the country," said HIT
Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer Stephanie H. Wiggins.
"Our investment dollars are often the critical funding that makes a project
viable and the units more affordable for working families. We are proud of our
role in projects like this."

Dan McConnell, Business Manager, Minneapolis Building and Construction Trades
Council, said the community appreciates the positive economic impact of the
project, including the union construction jobs it will provide.

"The HIT is an unheralded economic development engine," said McConnell. "Union
pension funds are being invested to create jobs and provide affordable housing
for working families.  It's not easy to do either in today's economy. But the
HIT has a formula that is working in Minneapolis and in other communities."

The Seward community is one of the city's older neighborhoods and is fully
developed with residential and commercial property.

In each 21-story tower, the project amenities include a large community room, a
playground area, a common laundry facility, and a unique resource for residents
- an Advantage Center.  These two-story centers next to each tower have meeting
rooms and classrooms, computer access, and a serving kitchen, and provide
various programs, which include English classes; early childhood education;
youth development programs; homework help and tutoring; and employment and
financial coaching/support.

The towers are located close to transit and bus stops, and an outlet for
HourCar, a car sharing service for those without a personal vehicle.
Furthermore, existing resources, including retail, hotel, educational,
entertainment, theater and museum opportunities, are within walking distance.

Seward Towers East and West is the HIT's 16th project in Minneapolis.  The HIT
has invested $223.2 million to leverage $439.2 million in financing for these
projects, creating 3,417 housing units, an estimated 2,330 union construction
jobs, and more than 5,400 total jobs across industries in the community.  These
projects have generated an estimated $790 million in total economic benefits,
and nearly $300 million in personal income, including salaries and benefits.

Source: AFL-CIO Housing Investment Trust

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             851 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Brownsville Herald (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 21, 2011 Friday

New affordable apartment development nets hordes of applicants

BYLINE: Steve Clark, The Brownsville Herald, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 806 words


Oct. 21--High demand

With its Texas "regional eclectic" style, club room, swimming pool and lavish
landscaping, Bowie Gardens Apartments doesn't look like affordable housing.

But in fact that's what it is, and by Wednesday's grand opening and
ribbon-cutting the $5.5 million, 80-unit complex was already 100 percent leased.
That's because there was -- and is -- a sizeable demand for affordable housing
in Brownsville.

The development, just west of Champion Elementary School on Bowie Road, was
built with $5.5 million in construction loan financing from Capitol One Bank,
which also invested $7.3 million for the purchase of Low-Income Housing Tax
Credits. HUD makes the credits available to the private market as an incentive
to invest in developing affordable rental housing.

Developers sell the credits to investors in order to raise capital or equity for
a project, which lowers the debt the developer would otherwise have to borrow.
Lower debt translates into lower rental rates for tenants. Rents at Bowie
Gardens range from $480 a month for a 720-square-foot apartment with one bedroom
and one bathroom, to $645 a month for a three-bedroom, two-bathroom,
1,350-square-foot unit. Units with two bedrooms and two bathrooms also are
available. Applicants must meet certain income requirements. A two-person
household can't exceed $23,340, for instance.

Nations Construction Management Inc. was the builder. John Czapski, president of
the Houston-based company, said in his remarks at the grand opening ceremony
that Nations' corporate charter when it comes to low-income housing is to
provide high-quality structures that last, "not junk." Robert Ruiz, the
Brownsville architect who oversaw construction of the development, called it
"first class." Windows and roofing are hurricane-rated, while all units feature
insulated doors and windows, fire sprinkler systems and Energy Star-rated
appliances. In addition to the pool and clubhouse, amenities include a fitness
center, business and computer center, playground, picnic area with barbecue
grills, privacy access gates and 24-hour emergency maintenance service.

From an aesthetic standpoint, Bowie Gardens mirrors a "regional, eclectic style"
common to South and Central Texas, with design features such as "faux stone" and
plaster exteriors and terra cotta tile roofing, Ruiz said. The complex sits on
four acres, which opened its doors two and a half months ago, took about a year
to build.

Nations also recently finished construction on a 120-unit affordable apartment
project in Weslaco, dubbed "Weslaco Hills." It was done through a combination of
financing from Lone Star Bank and self-financing involving stimulus money that
was part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act. Nations partnered with
Capital One on a 360-unit affordable complex in Dallas.

Ruiz said that, due to the public's response to Bowie Gardens, Nations appears
to be interested in pursuing further affordable housing opportunities in
Brownsville.

"They have been so overwhelmed with the occupancy they want to see what they can
do here to do some more," he said. "Without disclosing too much, they're looking
in the vicinity I would think. I think they're looking at nearby areas of open
land. They have to have maybe 5 to 15 acres to do projects in this capacity."

Melissa Martinez, senior regional manager with UAH Property Management, which
manages Bowie Gardens, said an additional complex would fill up in no time.

"Normally a property this size takes anywhere from six to seven month to lease
up," she said. "We had this property leased in three to four months. There is a
high demand in the Brownsville area for this type of housing. We've got a little
bit over 200 on the waiting list right now."

Cynthia Calapa Graham, Capital One's market president for the Rio Grande Valley,
said she'd heard from John Yochum, the bank's senior director for community
development finance, that based on the success of Bowie Gardens another phase
could be in the works, but that nothing's official.

"We're always looking for new opportunities in the entire Valley for projects
like this," she said. "We don't have anything on the burner right now, except
for the single-family homes that we're working with Brownsville Affordable Homes
Corporation on. That's an ongoing partnership. As far as multi-family, we don't
have anything yet. I would be very happy if in fact we were able to extend this
project and make another phase, because it is such a lovely addition to East
Brownsville. There is demand, absolutely."

For more information about Bowie Gardens or to get your name on the waiting
list, call 546-4629 or email

bowiegarden@uahmgt.com

___ (c)2011 The Brownsville Herald (Brownsville, Texas) Visit The Brownsville
Herald (Brownsville, Texas) at www.brownsvilleherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20111021-BV-New-affordable-apartment-development-nets-hordes-of-applicants-1021-
20111021

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BV


                     Copyright 2011 The Brownsville Herald


                             852 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                             June 11, 2009 Thursday

Affordable action

BYLINE: By John Edward

SECTION: FOCUS FEATURE; Opinion; Columnists

LENGTH: 968 words


Dr. David Turcotte teaches a graduate course in Sustainable Housing Development
at UMass Lowell.

He defines sustainable housing as affordable for the next generation.

Will your children be able to afford to live here?

In Chelmsford, we are not even affordable for the current generation. The tables
provide affordability guidelines used by the Chelmsford Housing Authority. A
review of current rental listings revealed no affordable units were available in
Chelmsford.

Approximately one out of every four households in Chelmsford make less than 50
percent of the median income. Market-rate prices do not accommodate the wide
range of incomes in Chelmsford. Prices reflect a profit motive that drives
developers to build expensive houses.

The 2005 Chelmsford Affordable Housing Plan identified a "critical need for
additional affordable rental units." We have housing for those who need a
three-car garage. We need housing for those who work three jobs to pay the rent.

When markets fail, governments may intervene. When governments intervene, they
may make matters worse. Housing is a case in point.

Dr. Turcotte identifies local zoning and regulatory restrictions as a primary
driver of higher prices. Studies conducted in Massachusetts back him up.
Fortunately, the town of Chelmsford has viable options to improve affordability.

The Affordable Housing Plan recommended changes to the town's zoning and
land-use strategies. Only 2 percent of land in Chelmsford is zoned for
multi-family housing. We can create mixed-use and transitional use zones without
compromising open space or the "character" of the town. Overlay zones and
Chapter 40R "smart growth" districts are also viable options.

The town could work with the Chelmsford Housing Authority and developers to
quickly produce affordable rental units on town-owned land that is appropriate
for denser development. Redevelopment of unused properties and tax title
properties may also provide opportunities for affordable housing.

The Community Preservation Committee and the Housing Authority have been very
successful in leveraging community preservation funds as seed money to finance
affordable housing projects. There is more than $200,000 of existing CPA funds
committed to housing, and over $1.5 million in general funds. What better way to
preserve our community than to make it affordable for our children to live in?

State Sen. Susan Fargo is sponsoring a bill that would make it easier for towns
like Chelmsford to implement inclusionary zoning. This would require developers
to include an affordable housing component as part of development proposals.
Inclusionary zoning shares some of the same drawbacks as the current approach.
Creating affordable units is dependent on construction of more market-rate
units, and the "affordable" units may not actually meet the affordability needs
of the town.

Some propose the Local Initiative Program as a workable strategy. The problem
with Local Initiative projects is that they require local initiative.

The biggest obstacle to achieving progress on affordable housing might be lack
of political will. The Board of Selectman endorsed the 2005 Affordable Housing
Plan. The plan did a good job of identifying the need and recommending options.
However, the town has not done well on actually taking action on the plan.

Stakeholders, in particular abutters, offer vocal opposition. Any development
plan must address rational concerns and dispel unwarranted anxiety.

Others try to stake a claim by opposing dense projects that offend their sense
of the "character" of the town. This is ironic given that the character of
Chelmsford was forever altered by the massive build out of large single-family
homes that most of us now live in.

The result of all the opposition is that elected officials tend to be
reactionary rather than proactive when it comes to affordable housing.

In 2010, the town must produce a revised Affordable Housing Plan. Evan Belansky,
the community development director for Chelmsford, wants to refine the plan to
offer specific guidance to developers and town regulatory boards. The plan
should also address regional approaches.

One criterion for approving projects will be "community benefit." Regulatory
boards consider other factors. However, if we want a sustainable housing policy,
there is an inherent community benefit in projects that provide truly affordable
housing. Given how important affordable housing is to attracting businesses and
promoting economic development, the benefit is compelling.

We cannot sit back and wait for developers to solve the problem. We cannot rely
on state and federal government.

The Commonwealth of Massachusetts provides some funding, but it can also set
arbitrary mandates and affordability thresholds that are not affordable for
many. Then it delegates responsibility to local communities.

In another example of misdirected government policy, the federal government
spends close to $200 billion a year on housing. The problem is that the vast
majority of the money subsidizes middle- and upper-income homeowners. The 2009
Housing and Urban Development budget provided only $7 billion for desperately
needed section 8 public housing vouchers.

Chelmsford Housing Authority Executive Director David Hedison has 1,400 people
on a waiting list and "more people coming in daily." With a poor economy, lack
of additional subsidies for low-income households, and lack of direction from
the town, Hedison says, "it feels like our storefront should hang out an 'Out of
Business' sign."

We have a plan. The plan needs to be refined. The goal must be providing a range
of affordability that meets the needs of the community.

Plans are worthless unless we implement them. The town of Chelmsford needs to
take action to achieve the goal of providing truly affordable housing.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             853 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                        January 8, 2000, Saturday, FINAL

CalBridge started in Italy with founder's love of wood: CalBridge

BYLINE: Kathy McCormick, Calgary Herald

SECTION: Homes; H14

LENGTH: 449 words


While it's technically not a case of a father passing down a business to a son,
it's still a unique story that's based on dreams and ambitions, faith in a son
and love of family.

When Ray Ferraro was a boy growing up in Calabria, Italy, he already knew how
much he loved wood. ''I'd steal my father's axe and cut down all the trees, so
that my father had to hide the axe,'' says the vibrant 69-year-old. ''When I
came to Canada in 1959, I saw a lot of wood around and I said, 'this is the
place for me.' In Europe, there isn't much wood.''

Still, Ferraro needed to provide for his family and worked for the CPR for 18
years, building the odd rental duplex or four-plex on the side.

Ray was thrilled when Joe decided he wanted to start his own construction
company.

Joe made the decision after working one summer at a construction job while at
university.

''He (dad) borrowed a lot of money and put his life savings into it,'' says Joe.
''That was in 1979 just before everything went sour.'' The National Energy
Program stopped the new home industry in its tracks in Alberta. Interest rates
soared past 20 per cent and many of the leaders in the industry went out of
business.

''I lost everything he'd ever worked for -- and then he said he was quitting his
job at the CPR and we'd work on this thing together. ''It was his confidence and
determination that made CalBridge work.''

And work it was, says Joe. ''We were able to work from trucks, and had our
office in dad's basement for three years. We had no overhead, and that was part
of the reason for our survival. We kept costs down and were able to offer
value.''

The company began with subsidized housing. ''We couldn't afford to build a show
home or spec home at a higher quality, so we had to find someone who would take
a chance on us. Finally, we found someone in the Fairways.''

And the rest, as they say, is history. Joe continued to be the builder, but the
company focus turned to higher-end homes. For the past decade, the company has
built exclusively in The Hamptons, expanding into executive multi-family units
as well as singles. Last year, CalBridge built 140 homes, and the company has
won several Calgary Region Home Builders Association sales and marketing (SAM)
awards, including Builder of the Year.

''I remember talking about whether we should go bigger or not,'' says Joe.
''Sometimes, when you're at a dance, you have to dance -- and there are so many
opportunities here.''

For Ray's part, he's still involved in the customer service end of the business
-- an area where he excels.

His philosophy is simple, but effective.

''When you can do something good for someone, you do it.''


LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CP Color Photo: Calgary Herald / Hard work paid off for father and son,
Ray (right) and Joe Ferraro showing off a CalBridge home in The Hamptons.

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             854 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            April 10, 2008 Thursday
                                 Every Edition

Leggett Addresses Expansion of Affordable Housing;
County Executive Outlines Initiatives Expected to Add Thousands of Reasonably
Priced Units

SECTION: EXTRAS; Pg. GZ04

LENGTH: 870 words


County Executive Isiah Leggett (D) made expansion of affordable housing a
cornerstone of his campaign in 2006. He convened a task force to study the
issue. Last week, he issued the group's report and endorsed many of its
proposals at the annual affordable housing conference at the county's North
Bethesda conference center. Here are excerpts from his speech:

When I took office just 16 months ago, it was clear that while the county had
been addressing the growing problem of affordable housing, it was time to
identify new solutions, tools and cutting edge ideas to combat what has become a
dilemma of crisis proportion. . . .

The definition of "affordable housing" certainly has evolved. No longer does it
mean housing only for individuals and families of low and moderate income. In
fact, the commonly accepted standard for affordability is that a household
should not pay more than three times its income for home ownership. Let's follow
this to the logical conclusion for sake of today's discussions about our own
community:

The annual median household income for our residents is $99,000. In 2007, the
average cost of a new town home here was just shy of $475,000. The average cost
of a new single family home is nearly $1 million. Existing town homes and single
family prices range from an average of $365,000 to $569,000. We all can do the
math.

This means that folks must make somewhere between $91,000 to $245,000 in order
to purchase a home in Montgomery County. Rents are just as steep. A renter must
make at least $38,000 a year in order to afford a one-bedroom apartment. These
numbers are stunning. . . .

As you know, when I ran for county executive in 2006, promoting more affordable
housing was at the top of my agenda. It continues to be one of my highest
priorities. . . . Here's what we've done already:

Â· In my first budget, I increased the resources available to our Housing
Initiative Fund to preserve and promote affordable housing to $30 million, over
a 50 percent increase. In my current recommended budget, I've boosted that
figure to $54 million. And, through leveraging county bonds, we will work to
boost the total available to $80 million.

Â· I proposed -- and the council approved -- legislation to expand the county's
"Right of First Refusal" to purchase rental housing constructed since 1981 to
preserve its affordability. We have already used this authority to purchase
condominiums in King Farm and on Aspen Court in Takoma Park.

Â· We have moved aggressively to construct affordable housing on county-owned
sites as well: for example, 15 affordable and workforce attached units on Edson
Lane in North Bethesda, up to 117 attached and mixed-income units on 32 acres in
Olney, 80 units of new senior housing adjacent to the county government center
in Rockville. We will construct multi-family housing above the new Silver Spring
library on Bonifant Street. On the eight acres set aside next to the new 3rd
District Police Station site in White Oak, we plan affordable units as well.

Â·  I am also proposing to move at least the portion of the County Service Park
that's west of Crabb's Branch Road to new locations to allow for implementation
of the Shady Grove Sector Plan. This plan will involve the building of thousands
of affordable units, as a Smart Growth development right next to the Shady Grove
Metro station.

These initiatives alone should add thousands of affordable units to the county.
But we can't stop there. That's why I appointed an Affordable Housing Task Force
to assist me in developing a comprehensive plan to address this vexing problem.
. . .

The task force recommends the creation of a Short Term Property Acquisition
Fund. This fund would provide short-term financing to enable  public, nonprofit
or for-profit organizations to purchase affordable rental properties before they
are sold and renovated for higher-rent occupancy or conversion to condominium
ownership. We will fund this effort through a variety of public and private
financing. . . .

With these enhanced resources, we will reduce the displacement of at-risk renter
households  due to condominium conversions. We will also increase the public and
nonprofit ownership of affordable rental housing. . . .

It is recommended that the county provide temporary abatement of property taxes,
transfer taxes and recordation fees for eligible county employees who purchase a
home in the county. With such a program, we can avoid direct expenditures in
this time of budgetary pressures, and still provide an opportunity to stabilize
our public workforce when they choose to become homeowners in our neighborhoods.
. . .

The task force recommends that all land-use master plans recognize and address
the need for affordable housing in all of the county's communities. It also
calls for streamlining the regulatory and permitting approval processes for
affordable housing . . . and calls upon us to look at reducing the costs of
residential development by being more flexible and market driven in our parking
requirements for housing. . . . When implemented, the recommendations contained
in this report will provide a toolbox of initiatives that will expand the
county's ability to preserve and develop affordable housing.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Montgomery South

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             855 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright (c) 2014 Virginia Journal of Social Policy & the
                                      Law
                  Virginia Journal of Social Policy & the Law

                                  Winter, 2014

                  Virginia Journal of Social Policy & the Law

                          21 Va. J. Soc. Pol'y & L. 1

LENGTH: 23652 words

ARTICLE: PRIVATE FUNDING, PUBLIC HOUSING: THE DEVIL IN THE DETAILS

NAME: Anne Marie Smetak*

BIO: * The author is a Practitioner in Residence at Washington College of Law at
American University. This Article was written when she was a visiting associate
professor of clinical law and Friedman fellow at the George Washington
University Law School. This Article partially satisfied the requirements of a
master of laws degree. Prior to teaching, she sought to preserve federally
subsidized rental housing in the District of Columbia through the Affordable
Housing Initiative at the Washington Legal Clinic for the Homeless. The author
would like to express gratitude to Phyllis Goldfarb, Jessica Steinberg, Nancy
Craig, Wyatt Feeler, Caroline Rogus, and participants in the 2012 Clinical Law
Review Writers' Workshop for providing comments to drafts of this Article.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... The Rental Assistance Demonstration (RAD) Program: Mortgaging Public
Housing to Fill Gaps in Federal Funding The Rental Assistance Demonstration
(RAD) program seeks to address the outstanding capital needs of public housing
developments and to preserve those developments as a long-term source of
affordable housing.  ...  The current public housing system operates quite
simply: local governments own and operate the properties, low-income tenants pay
income-based rents, and the federal government provides annual allocations of
operating and capital funds through the budget appropriations.  ... Because the
country is in the midst of an affordable-housing crisis, public housing is
uniquely situated to serve the lowest-income renters, and preservation is more
cost-effective than developing new affordable housing. i.  ... The section below
addresses three main areas in which changes must be made to RAD and any
successor programs to ensure the long-term survival of public housing
developments: funding caps that incentivize a net reduction in public housing
units must be lifted; the risks inherent in foreclosure must be minimized; and
tenants must have a meaningful enforcement mechanism to protect the long-term
stability and affordability of converted properties.  ... The second and most
troubling result of this distinction, however, is its incentive to owners -
particularly in the case of an ownership transfer due to foreclosure - to get
out of the subsidy contract so they can convert the property to the
significantly higher-income use.

HIGHLIGHT:

   Abstract


   Public housing, an important component of the social safety net, has long
been plagued by insufficient funding. A new federal program seeks to solve the
funding challenges by opening public housing to private investment; quite
literally, to mortgage public housing in order to save it. Coming, as it does,
on the heels of a national foreclosure crisis, this program must be scrutinized
carefully, as there is an inherent tension in incentivizing private investors to
participate in a public benefit scheme. This Article explains how the new
federal program proposes to use public housing developments as collateral. It
examines how this use of the private market is a natural extension of the
ongoing privatization of federal affordable-housing policy. It argues that the
existing public housing funding structure is untenable and that reform is
needed. The United States is facing a significant shortage of affordable housing
and cannot afford to lose the remaining public housing units. The Article
concludes that, conceptually, the private market could be an effective tool to
address the long-standing funding challenges. The details of implementation,
however, leave much to be desired. The Article identifies areas in which the
program should be modified in order to accomplish its stated preservation goals,
including protecting against foreclosures, incentivizing preservation, and
ensuring tenants have meaningful enforcement mechanisms.


 TEXT:
 [*2]

   Introduction


   Public housing in the United States is at a crossroads. The federal public
housing program provides 1.2 million affordable government-  [*3]  owned and
operated rental units to the lowest-income renters. n1 It is one of the largest
subsidized housing resources in the country. Yet public housing is a finite and
dwindling affordable housing resource. Net new units are not being created, and
more than ten thousand units are lost - and not replaced - each year.

   The Obama administration has embraced a new program intended to salvage and
preserve public housing. The Rental Assistance Demonstration (RAD) program
attempts to utilize private market resources to fund the capital needs of public
housing developments. n2 RAD attempts to offset long-standing funding challenges
by permitting local governments to mortgage the physical public housing
development to obtain much-needed capital to improve and preserve the property.

   RAD represents a significant change to federal housing policy. Traditionally,
the federal government shielded public housing developments from private lending
or use as collateral. Now, in an era of funding shortages, the federal
government is looking to access the frozen capital in existing public housing
developments. The theory driving RAD is that the developments themselves are
untapped real estate assets that can be mortgaged to obtain sufficient private
funds to improve and preserve the remaining public housing units.

   RAD represents a recognition that the existing public housing funding
structure is not sustainable. After decades of federal funding shortages, the
public housing stock, largely built in the 1960s and 1970s, is aging; deferred
maintenance threatens the future of the program. A recent study found a
twenty-five billion dollar backlog in public housing capital needs, with needs
continuing to accrue at $ 3.4 billion a year. n3 Without sufficient funding to
operate and maintain the developments, more and more jurisdictions are
attempting to reduce their public housing stock or get out of the public housing
business altogether. It is clear that the capital needs of the aging housing
stock must be addressed if public housing is to be salvaged and the existing
units preserved as affordable housing.

    [*4]  RAD was passed by Congress in 2012 and is currently functioning as a
pilot program. The expectation is that it may eventually spread to the entire
public housing inventory. I confess that, as an affordable-housing advocate, I
was deeply skeptical of RAD when it was first proposed. Exposing housing
developments to the unpredictability of the financial market seemed to portend a
threat to the long-term viability of public housing. The specter of a foreclosed
public housing development loomed large in discussions on the topic,
particularly as RAD was proposed when the country was in the midst of a
foreclosure crisis. The foreclosure crisis offers valuable lessons that can
shape our approach to RAD and other attempts to use private capital to fill gaps
in federal funding.

   Part I of this Article will explain the logistics of RAD and how it proposes
to use public housing developments as collateral, thereby mortgaging them in an
effort to preserve them. Part II examines how this use of the private market in
a traditionally government-owned and government-operated public benefit program
is a natural progression in the ongoing privatization of federal affordable
housing policy. Part III will argue that the existing public housing funding
structure is untenable. Absent significant reform, or a commitment of additional
federal funding resources, the current structure will continue to result in a
loss of public housing units. There is, however, a public interest in
preservation. The United States is faced with a significant shortage of
affordable housing and cannot afford to lose the remaining public housing units.

   Part IV determines RAD could be an effective tool to address the
long-standing funding challenges in the public housing program. The Article
concludes in Part V, with an argument that the details in RAD's implementation
leave much to be desired from a preservation standpoint. This is due in part to
the inherent tension in incentivizing private investors to participate in a
public benefit that serves low-income renters. To the extent the public housing
financing structure must be modified, the changes must occur in a way that
preserves affordable housing for the long term. The Article identifies several
areas in which RAD should be modified to help ensure it accomplishes its stated
preservation goals. These include minimizing the foreclosure risk, incentivizing
preservation of deeply subsidized affordable housing units, and ensuring tenants
have meaningful enforcement mechanisms.

   I. The Rental Assistance Demonstration (RAD) Program: Mortgaging Public
Housing to Fill Gaps in Federal Funding

 The Rental Assistance Demonstration (RAD) program seeks to address the
outstanding capital needs of public housing developments and to preserve those
developments as a long-term source of affordable  [*5]  housing. n4 Enacted by
Congress as a pilot program in 2012, RAD arose out of a debate regarding how
best to cope with an aging public housing stock that is badly in need of repairs
due, in no small part, to repeated failures by the federal government to
adequately fund the program.

   At its core, RAD treats public housing developments as valuable but untapped
real estate assets that can be mortgaged to leverage much-needed funds. n5 In
order to make public housing more attractive to private investors, it also
converts the funding stream from an appropriations-dependent formula to a
long-term subsidy contract. n6

   A. The Traditional Public Housing Program

 To understand why the change RAD proposes is significant, it is worth taking a
moment to conceptualize how it is different than the way public housing
currently operates.

   i. Brief History

 Public housing began in the 1930s under the auspices of the New Deal. n7 It was
embraced as a means to create construction jobs and provide rental housing for
families made "temporarily destitute" by the Great Depression. n8 It was also
expected to address the ongoing issue of slum housing in urban areas. n9
Established by the United States Housing  [*6]  Act of 1937, public housing was
to be funded by the federal government and constructed, owned, and operated by
states and localities through branches of local government. n10

   Public housing was expected to serve working-class families, n11 and no
ongoing federal subsidy was provided to make the units affordable. n12 Rents
were set at the level needed to operate the development, but not make a profit,
and rents were thus reasonably affordable. n13 Public housing, therefore,
started its life as a financially stable program. n14

   In the two decades between the late 1940s and late 1960s, however, public
housing underwent a series of significant policy shifts, which resulted in the
units' housing a disproportionately low-income population. n15 External forces
also incentivized the highest-income  [*7]  tenants to move out of public
housing. n16 By 1962, nearly half of public housing residents were dependent on
some form of public assistance, up from twenty-nine percent in 1952. n17

   Increasing numbers of low-income residents were often unable to afford public
housing rent. n18 As a result, Congress passed the Brooke Amendment to the
Housing and Urban Development Act of 1969, which limited tenant rents to
twenty-five percent of household income (later increased to thirty percent). n19
The amendment significantly reduced the rent burden for many public housing
tenants and ensured that public housing would be affordable for the
lowest-income renters. n20

   The Brooke Amendment marked the first time public housing was dependent on
the federal government for ongoing funding. n21 Because the  [*8]  switch to
income-based rents significantly reduced rent revenues, the amendment required
Congress to provide an ongoing operating subsidy to bridge the gap between
tenant rents and operating costs. n22

   As of the late 1990s, the federal government is no longer funding or
authorizing net new public housing units. n23 The government does, however,
continue to subsidize existing public housing units. The remaining public
housing units are largely dependent on ongoing federal funding sources.

   ii. Current Financing Structure

 Today, there are approximately 1.2 million public housing units in the United
States, down from a peak of 1.4 million in the mid-1990s. n24 The majority of
units are owned and operated by local governments and were constructed in the
1960s and 1970s. n25 Until recently, local  [*9]  governments were not allowed
to mortgage or leverage the physical public housing developments. n26 As a
result, public housing generally consists of unencumbered rental housing
developments.

   Public housing has traditionally been limited to three sources of funding n27
: tenant rent revenue, a federal operating subsidy, and federal capital funds.
Public housing tenants continue to pay income-based rents; most pay thirty
percent of their household income in rent. n28 Tenant rents currently cover only
about forty percent of the operating costs of public housing. n29

   The federal government provides operating funds to bridge the gap between the
cost of operating public housing and tenant rents, and Congress calculates the
amount of operating funds allotted to the public housing program with a formula
developed in the mid-1970s. n30 The amount needed to fund public housing
operations has ballooned over the decades, from $ 28 million in 1970 to $ 1.3
billion in 1984. n31 Public housing currently requires four to five billion
dollars per year in operating subsidies. n32

    [*10]  The federal government also provides funds to address the capital
needs of public housing developments, such as upgrades and large repairs to
roofs, heating systems, and windows. n33 Funds for capital needs are currently
drawn from the capital fund, a specific public housing appropriations line item.
The funds provided for capital improvements are not insubstantial. Between 1977
and 2001, Congress allocated almost forty-six billion dollars in public housing
modernization funds. n34 Congress typically allocates around $ 2 to $ 2.5
billion annually for capital improvements. n35 In the last couple of years, even
that amount of funding has been difficult to reach due to budget battles and the
"sequester." n36

   As will be described in more detail below, federal funding levels have
regularly failed to meet the needs of public housing. Congress often  [*11]
fails to provide the operating funding levels contemplated by the funding
formula, which is intended to determine how much a local government needs to
operate a property. n37 Federal funds provided for capital improvements have
failed to keep up with the maintenance needs of an aging public housing stock.
The most recent study of the unmet capital needs in public housing, published in
2011, found an ongoing capital needs backlog of $ 25.6 billion. n38

    [*12]  The current public housing system operates quite simply: local
governments own and operate the properties, low-income tenants pay income-based
rents, and the federal government provides annual allocations of operating and
capital funds through the budget appropriations. While simple, the public
housing program's reliance on federal appropriations for survival has
significantly hindered it.

   B. What is RAD?

 The Rental Assistance Demonstration (RAD) program is the result of several
years of attempts by the Obama administration to allow public housing to access
alternate sources of capital. The proposal, first put forth in the 2011 federal
budget, went through several iterations and name changes, but all embraced the
private market as the solution to public housing's capitalization woes. n39 RAD
was ultimately adopted in the 2012 budget as a pilot program expected to reach
30,000 units. HUD began to accept applications for the program in the fall of
2012.

   RAD is intended to address the capital needs backlog and preserve public
housing as a long-term affordable housing resource by using public housing
developments as real estate assets. In its simplest form, it would allow public
housing to be mortgaged or used as collateral so  [*13]  local governments could
access "private debt and equity to address immediate and long-term capital
needs" of public housing. n40

   RAD would change public housing in two key ways. First, public housing
operating funds - the funds that fill the gap between tenant rents and the cost
to operate a property - would convert from a funding formula dependent on annual
appropriations to a long-term federal subsidy contract. n41 Second, local
governments could access alternate sources of capital - including private
capital - by treating the public housing developments themselves as collateral.
n42

   i. Conversion to a Long-Term Subsidy Contract

 Properties approved for participation in RAD n43 will receive a long-term
funding contract to replace the current appropriations-based funding formula.
n44 The funding stream for a particular property will convert into one of two
kinds of long-term project-based subsidy streams: the Project-Based Voucher
Program ("PBV") or Project-Based Section 8 Rental Assistance ("PBRA"). n45
Properties converted to PBV would have an initial fifteen-year subsidy contract,
and those converted to PBRA would have an initial contract term of twenty years.
n46 The contracts are intended to continue beyond the initial term; HUD is
required to offer, and the property owner is required to accept, renewals of the
subsidy contract. n47 Similar to the existing public housing program, tenants of
covered units will typically pay income-based rents, and the  [*14]  subsidy
contract will cover the difference between the tenant's portion and the actual
rent of the unit. n48

   The intent of the conversion to a long-term subsidy contract is twofold.
First, a subsidy contract is a more stable form of funding. Second, this
stability will make public housing more attractive to potential investors. The
next step in RAD is to treat public housing developments as real estate assets
that can be used as collateral to secure the investment.

   ii. Mortgaging Public Housing

 RAD contemplates that physical public housing developments may serve as
leverage or collateral to secure private funding. n49 RAD is based on the
perception of public housing developments as untapped real estate assets. As the
federal government long forbade mortgaging public housing, n50 the current
public housing stock largely consists of unencumbered properties. The value of
public housing as real estate is estimated at between $ 90 and $ 145 billion.
n51

   It may be useful to provide an example of how HUD anticipates RAD will
operate. HUD illustrated the proposal as follows: A 100-unit public housing
development, built in 1975, requires significant repairs. n52 The property
converts its funding stream to long-term subsidy contract. n53 The local
government then obtains a private mortgage of $ 1.6 million, using the
development as collateral. n54 The loan proceeds are used to make necessary
repairs. n55 The local government repays the private loan over the loan term,
using rent revenues and proceeds from the long-term subsidy contract. n56

[*15]

   iii. Why RAD Scares Affordable-Housing Advocates

 The idea of mortgaging public housing to fill gaps in federal funding was not
universally acclaimed when first proposed. I count myself among those
affordable-housing advocates who had serious concerns about the impact of the
proposal on the long-term viability of public housing. Those who have spent
careers fighting to preserve affordable housing units see - reasonably - a
variety of ways in which a program like this could result in a loss of valuable
public housing. n57 While all agree that public housing is in need of additional
funds to address the capital needs backlog, RAD raised serious concerns. Primary
among those concerns was that RAD would expose public housing to the possibility
of foreclosure and could result in private ownership and the possible loss of
public housing units.

   The foreclosure issue came to a head at a 2010 hearing before the Committee
on Financial Services in the House of Representatives on an early iteration of
RAD. Committee members bombarded HUD with questions about the practical and
legal implications for a public housing development in the event of foreclosure,
the implications of private ownership, and the potential impact on tenants and
the long-term survival of public housing. n58 Others questioned whether issues
of future preservation could be entrusted to HUD's discretion. n59 After the
hearing, HUD engaged in a public relations campaign designed to calm fears. A
[*16]  series of articles and opinion pieces were released to sell HUD's
proposal as the last, best chance to salvage public housing. n60

   To further alleviate concerns about the possibility of foreclosure, RAD
imposed a variety of protections. n61 Public housing cannot be subjected to
certain high-risk loans, such as variable interest rate loans and some balloon
terms. n62 Mortgage liens are required to be subordinate to, and subject to, a
HUD Use Agreement, which dictates that the property remain affordable housing.
n63

   It is notable that this use of public housing as collateral or leverage could
also result in a transfer of ownership to a non-governmental, and possibly
for-profit, owner even absent foreclosure. Some financing deals, including those
involving the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit (LIHTC) program, will require that
ownership of the property be transferred from the local government to another
entity. n64 In the case of LIHTC, that new owner would be a for-profit entity.
RAD will permit these ownership transfers, so long as the local government
preserves its interest in the property in a way that satisfies HUD. n65

    [*17]  HUD expressed a preference for public ownership of public housing
developments, though not in all circumstances. HUD will typically require that
while the subsidy contract is in place, the converted public housing property be
owned by "a public or nonprofit entity." n66 HUD may permit transfers to other
types of ownership, however, if "in its sole discretion" it believes it
necessary due to foreclosure, bankruptcy, or a termination or transfer of the
subsidy contract." n67

   RAD also attempts to calm the fears of housing advocates and tenants by
preserving many of the tenant protections and rights held by current public
housing tenants. n68 For instance, existing tenants cannot be rescreened for
eligibility when the property is converted. n69 Any tenants required to move out
of the property to facilitate rehabilitation would have a "right to return." n70
RAD also provides a new choice mobility right to public housing tenants in
converted properties. Unlike the current public housing program that does not
provide tenants any mechanism to relocate (other than to another public housing
development), the new program would provide residents in converted properties
some ability to move to a private-market unit with the aid of a tenant-based
voucher. n71

   RAD is a complicated program. The concept represents a significant
modification of public housing funding. It pulls away from the traditional
public housing model by treating public housing developments as untapped real
estate assets that can be mortgaged to fill long-term gaps in federal funding.

[*18]

   II. Is Mortgaging Public Housing a Natural Progression in the Privatization
of Federal Housing Policy?

 At the same time, RAD is, in many ways, a natural next step in federal housing
policy. The federal government has come to rely heavily on private owners and
investors to provide the country's affordable housing stock. The following
section will illustrate the ways in which current federal housing programs no
longer reflect the public housing model of government-owned, operated, and
funded housing. Public housing itself has weathered several privatization
attempts, and it is perhaps only natural that the government is looking to
outside capital to bring needed funds into the program.

   A. Reliance on Private Owners and Investors

 In the last fifty years, federal affordable housing policy has shifted
significantly. In the 1970s, affordable housing policy began to move away from
the public housing model toward reliance on private actors to provide the
affordable housing stock. Though the government continued to subsidize rents for
low-income tenants, the Project-Based Section 8 and voucher programs rely on
privately owned housing. Today, the government rarely engages in the direct
provision of affordable housing, preferring to incentivize private actors to
develop housing through federal tax credits. A brief discussion of each of the
programs involved will help to illustrate this sea change in federal affordable
housing policy.

   i. Privately Owned Housing

   1. Project-Based Section 8

 The Project-Based Section 8 program, enacted in 1974, placed long-term federal
subsidies on privately owned and operated housing developments. n72 Private
actors developed and owned rental housing,  [*19]  often with the aid of
federally subsidized mortgages. n73 The federal government then provided term
subsidy contracts to make the properties affordable to low-income renters. The
contracts had initial terms of five to twenty years and were regularly renewed.
n74 The contract subsidized a particular property so that units in the property
remained affordable as long as the contract was in place. Similar to public
housing, the subsidy contract bridged the gap between income-based rents and
operating costs. Project-Based Section 8 thus continued to provide affordable
housing to the lowest-income tenants, but relied on a privately owned rental
housing stock.

   The creation of new Project-Based Section 8 developments was short-lived;
Congress repealed HUD's authorization to enter into new subsidy contracts with
private owners in 1983. n75 Much like the current public housing program,
Project-Based Section 8 is now a preservation-only program. n76 HUD continues to
fund the existing subsidy contracts and offer contract renewals, but does not
offer contracts on new properties.

   2. Tenant-Based Vouchers

 The federal government took reliance on the private market a step further with
the tenant-based voucher program. n77 Also enacted in 1974, tenant-based
vouchers have become the primary source of federal housing subsidy to date,
serving more than two million low-income  [*20]  households. n78 The voucher
program is a demand-side program; tenants receive a rental voucher that they can
use to rent an apartment on the private market. Similar to the public housing
and Project-Based Section 8 programs, tenants pay income-based rents, and the
program serves some of the lowest-income renters. n79

   ii. Use of Tax Credits

 The latest step in the privatization of federal affordable housing policy is
the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit (LIHTC) program. Currently the only
significant federal affordable housing production program, LIHTC has helped
develop 1.67 million units n80 by providing tax incentives to spur private
actors to develop affordable housing. n81 A for-profit investor provides capital
to help develop affordable housing and obtains the benefit of federal tax
credits in exchange. n82 The logistics of the program are complicated and
enmeshed in the tax code, but a simplified explanation is that a for-profit
entity develops and owns a majority share in an affordable housing property and
reaps tax benefits for several years after development. n83 The for-profit
entity must maintain the property as affordable housing for fifteen to thirty
years. n84

   LIHTC is notable in two main respects. First, it marks yet another step away
from direct government involvement and toward utilizing and incentivizing the
private market to provide affordable housing. Second, it represents a move away
from providing housing affordable to the lowest-income renters. Properties
developed with LIHTC typically have rents set at sixty percent of area median
income. They are "affordable," but tenants pay a set, rather than income-based,
rent. As a result, LIHTC units are typically affordable to the lowest-income
renters only if they are combined with another ongoing rental subsidy, such as a
tenant-based voucher. n85

[*21]

   B. Privatization Trends in Public Housing

 Given the increased reliance on subsidized private housing, public housing -
housing owned and operated by the government - has become the outlier. However,
it too has been vulnerable to the shift towards privatization.

   i. Attempts to Privatize Public Housing

 Public housing weathered several attempts from politicians of both parties to
either sell the properties to private owners (or tenants) or convert to a
tenant-based voucher program.

   Pushes to privatize public housing by selling the units began as early as the
1960s. Proponents of selling public housing to tenants expected that
homeownership would give residents increased stability and status. n86 No less
important was the fact that each unit converted to homeownership would reduce
the cost to the federal government of supporting public housing. n87 Small-scale
programs intended to transfer ownership of public housing units to tenants were
implemented in the 1960s and 1970s. n88 But the idea of transferring units to
tenants as a means of extracting the government from the public housing business
[*22]  did not take hold until the 1980s. The Reagan administration's 1982
Commission on Housing proposed sweeping changes to public housing, such as
selling the properties to third parties and permitting tenants to purchase
individual units. n89

   Homeownership proponents made some progress, but the programs were typically
short-lived. n90 HUD adopted a Public Housing Homeownership Demonstration in
1985 that proposed to sell more than 1300 units to public housing tenants. n91
The program failed to meet its  [*23]  goal; by 1990, only a quarter of the
expected units had been sold. n92 Of the tenants who purchased, nearly a third
reported that the mortgage payments were "causing a strain on their budgets,"
and ten percent were in arrears within a few years. n93 Despite Congress's and
HUD's best efforts, the aspirations of tenant purchase programs in public
housing were simply no match for the inability of the lowest-income renters to
support mortgage payments. n94

   In the mid-1990s, the Clinton administration embraced a proposal to convert
public housing to tenant-based vouchers. The idea, proposed as early as the
1970s n95 and a common refrain through the Reagan years, gained traction when
the Clinton administration was forced to take drastic action in the face of
calls to abolish HUD. n96 The Clinton administration advanced vouchers in a
series of policy papers, the 1994 HUD Reinvention Blueprint and the subsequent
1995 HUD's Reinvention: From Blueprint to Action, which embraced the
conservative philosophy. n97

   The essence of the Reinvention proposals was to convert public housing from a
supply-side to a demand-side program. n98 Existing tenants would receive
vouchers. If they used their vouchers in their current public housing units,
then the local government would receive funds from the federal government -
through the voucher - to help subsidize  [*24]  the unit. If, however, tenants
elected to move and use their vouchers in private apartments, the local
government would not receive any funds for that unit. Local governments would be
expected to compete for tenants on the private market and rent to a combination
of public housing and market tenants. n99 Proponents believed market competition
would force local governments to adequately maintain their properties, continue
to provide affordable housing for low-income tenants, and save the federal
government money. n100

   Ultimately, Congress did not abolish HUD. Nor did it adopt most of the
Clinton Administration's Blueprint. n101 Congress never fully embraced the idea
of vouchering out public housing. n102 Despite bold rhetoric and drastic
proposals, public housing was left mostly unchanged. n103 The idea of providing
vouchers to tenants in lieu of project-based subsidized housing, however,
continues to attract adherents at both the national and local level. n104 It has
become common for jurisdictions seeking to get out of the public housing
business to try to convert that housing to tenant-based vouchers. n105

[*25]

   ii. Using the Private Market to Finance Public Housing

 The trend towards integrating the private market into public housing has been
driven, in large part, by the recognition that federal funds have not been
available at the levels needed. In 1992, the National Commission on Severely
Distressed Public Housing first recommended that the government allow
public-private partnerships to leverage the funds needed to rehabilitate
severely distressed public housing properties. n106 Since that recommendation,
the government has been exploring alternative ways to utilize the private
market, including well-known private-public partnership programs, such as HOPE
VI. n107 RAD, which permits local governments to mortgage the public housing
developments themselves, extends this process a step further.

   1. Public-Private Partnerships

 The HOPE VI program, authorized in 1992 and funded in 1993, was designed to
facilitate the transformation of distressed public housing developments into
mixed-income communities. n108 HUD encouraged the use of HOPE VI funds as
leverage to draw private capital into redevelopments. n109

   A series of actions in the 1990s further paved the way for private investment
in public housing. In 1994, HUD's general counsel concluded there was no
statutory bar to a private actor owning, operating, and receiving federal funds
for a public housing development. n110 A 1998 statute, the Quality Housing and
Work  [*26]  Responsibility Act (QHWRA) encouraged local governments to enter
into public-private partnerships to redevelop public housing into mixed-income
communities. n111 Local governments were authorized to leverage a portion of
federal appropriations to secure private investment. n112

   Results from these partnerships are mixed. More than six billion dollars in
HOPE VI grants were awarded between 1993 and 2010. n113 HOPE VI is credited with
redeveloping almost 100,000 "severely distressed" public housing units. n114 A
number of struggling public housing developments were redeveloped into vibrant,
mixed-income communities. Local governments were able to leverage a significant
amount of private capital, with some estimates showing that $ 1.85 were
leveraged for every dollar in federal HOPE VI funds. n115

    [*27]  The impact on the tenants, however, is less clear. n116 Proponents
argue that tenants benefitted from redeveloped communities, less-concentrated
poverty, and reduced crime, and that even displaced tenants reaped the benefit
of a voucher. n117 HOPE VI did not, however, require that each unit of existing
public housing be replaced in the redevelopment. n118 Opponents argue that
tenants were displaced when demolished units were not replaced or they were
unable to return when properties implemented stringent rescreening criteria.
n119

   Specific programs and initiatives have experienced ebbs and flows over the
past decade. The HOPE VI program, for example, has been replaced by a similar
program known as Choice Neighborhoods. n120 The takeaway from the last decade,
however, is that the trend toward integrating the private market into public
housing is significant and unlikely to abate. n121

   2. Early Attempts to Mortgage Public Housing

 The idea of mortgaging public housing to fill gaps in federal funding is not
new. The George W. Bush administration pushed an almost identical proposal,
known as the Public Housing Reinvestment Initiative (PHRI) in the 2003 and 2004
budget cycles. n122 As with RAD, approved public housing developments would
convert from traditional public housing funding to a long-term subsidy contract,
which was deemed  [*28]  more likely to attract investors. n123 Properties would
be leveraged or mortgaged on the private market, with the expectation that local
governments would be able to obtain sufficient funds to address the backlog in
capital needs. n124

   Three primary factors drove PHRI. First was the recognition that the federal
government was not going to provide sufficient funds to address the backlog in
capital needs. n125 Second was a belief that public housing developments, viewed
as real estate, were significant untapped assets. n126 And third, that exposing
public housing to the private market would result in greater market discipline
and efficient operations. n127

    [*29]  Congress was skeptical of the new proposal. Some questioned whether
banks would invest in public housing, given the history of funding challenges
and the unattractive prospect of operating a foreclosed rental property. n128
The program also raised concerns regarding the preservation of public housing.
For instance, the program included only weak foreclosure protections, n129
exposing the public housing stock to the possibility of a transfer of ownership
to a private entity or bank in the case of foreclosure. HUD also had authority
to terminate affordability restrictions in the event of foreclosure, which could
result in a net loss of affordable housing in the event of a foreclosure. n130
In response, HUD modified the proposal to guarantee loans up to eighty percent
of principal to make the program more attractive to lenders and mitigate the
foreclosure risk. n131 PHRI ultimately succumbed to concerns that it "could
result in a loss of public housing units, and would not benefit public housing
units with the greatest capital needs," n132 and it was rejected by Congress.
n133 The idea remained dormant until the Obama administration resurrected it
and, eventually, fashioned it into the RAD program.

   III. Is Public Housing Reform Necessary?

 It is worth asking if all of this is really necessary. Does the country need to
embrace a new scheme to substantially reform the public housing financing
structure? Probably. The existing financing structure has resulted in an
unsustainable status quo. The country is facing an affordable-housing crisis,
and there is a public interest in preserving the finite public housing stock.

[*30]

   A. The Status Quo Is Unsustainable

 Public housing's heavy dependence on the federal government makes it
susceptible to any unexpected drops in federal funding. Additionally, the
federal government has for decades failed to adequately fund public housing. As
a result, public housing developments are in need of repair, units are
disappearing, and local governments are getting out of the public housing
business altogether.

   i. Insufficient Funding

 Congress has regularly failed to meet its obligation to adequately fund public
housing. Between 2002 and 2010, Congress regularly underfunded public housing
operating subsidies. n134 In the latter half of that window, local governments
received between only eighty-three and eighty-nine percent of the funds needed
to operate public housing. n135 Although full operating subsidies were provided
in 2010 and 2011, operating funds provided for public housing in fiscal year
2012 were close to one billion dollars less than what was needed under the
funding  [*31]  formula. n136 In 2013, the public housing budget experienced
significant uncertainty due to budget battles and the sequester. n137

   The federal government's failure has had serious negative consequences. In
the absence of sufficient funds, local governments faced difficult choices, and
many were forced to put off needed repairs or otherwise compromise on issues
such as management, security, and capital improvements. n138 The federal
government has also failed to meet the capital needs of public housing. Capital
funds are intended to facilitate upgrades and large repairs. n139 Though the
amounts provided for capital improvements are not insubstantial, n140 they have
historically lagged far behind the actual capital needs of public housing. When
available funds are insufficient to make capital improvements, public  [*32]
housing developments do not receive necessary ongoing maintenance, n141 and
repairs are often "triaged" to focus on low-cost band-aid repairs at the expense
of more substantial needs. n142

   As a result of insufficient capital funding, public housing has had a
multibillion-dollar capital needs backlog for decades. In 1990, HUD estimated
that there was a $ 22.3 billion unmet modernization need in the public housing
program. n143 By 1998, the capital backlog was estimated at $ 24.6 billion, with
needs continuing to accrue at two billion dollars a year. n144 As of 2011,
public housing had a capital needs backlog of $ 25.6 billion, with needs
accruing at $ 3.4 billion a year. n145

   Despite dire assessments of the urgency and depth of need, the government has
not acted to appropriate sufficient funds to address the backlog. In fact,
between 2001 and 2009, the capital funding provided for public housing "declined
substantially." n146 There was a one-time infusion of four billion dollars for
capital fund improvements in public housing as part of the economic stimulus in
2010. n147 Outside of the stimulus infusion, there has been little hope that the
federal government  [*33]  will in any meaningful way meet the physical needs of
the aging public housing stock.

   ii. Loss of Public Housing Units

 The status quo is not a stable and financially sound public housing program.
The federal government's repeated failure to appropriate sufficient funds placed
significant strain on public housing. This slow starvation and resultant
deferred maintenance has taken its toll on the aging housing stock. Although a
significant number of properties remain in decent condition, many of those have
been subject to repeated patchwork repairs over the years and will need more
comprehensive rehabilitation if they are to remain habitable. n148 As HUD
Secretary Shaun Donovan has testified: "An affordable housing project can limp
along for some time with piecemeal, ad hoc strategies to address its
accumulating capital backlog, but eventually the building will reach a "tipping
point' where its deterioration becomes rapid, increasingly expensive to remedy,
and often irreversible." n149

   If public housing is to be preserved, funds must be found to address the
outstanding capital needs.

   The public housing program has lost more than 150,000 net units since the
mid-1990s. n150 Approximately ten thousand public housing units have been lost
each year over the last decade. n151 This loss will likely worsen as more local
governments seek to reduce their public housing  [*34]  stock. n152 In recent
years, some local governments have attempted to get out of the public housing
business altogether. n153 Atlanta, Georgia, for instance, has demolished all of
its existing public housing and replaced it with mixed-income housing and
vouchers for displaced tenants. n154 While many affordable-housing advocates
decried the loss of public housing units, others lauded the effort and may
follow the example set by Atlanta and similar jurisdictions. n155

   A key factor driving local governments out of the public housing business is
the insufficient and unpredictable funding stream. n156 Even governments
committed to public housing are finding it hard to keep up with the physical
needs of the aging housing stock at current funding levels. New York City, which
is often cited as having a high-performing public housing program, n157 has
faced significant challenges in recent  [*35]  years in keeping up with repairs
and renovation needs. n158 As of late 2010, New York City public housing had a
three-year backlog in maintenance requests. n159

   The housing stock is aging; the majority of existing public housing
developments are over thirty years old. n160 It is unlikely that inaction will
save public housing. n161

   B. Preserving Public Housing Matters

 It is worth discussing why we should be concerned with public housing
preservation. Some see public housing as nothing more than a failed social
policy. But public housing, despite its heretofore imperfect execution, carries
many benefits. And the most logical way to promote public housing moving forward
is to preserve the existing, affordable housing stock. Because the country is in
the midst of an affordable-housing crisis, public housing is uniquely situated
to serve the lowest-income renters, and preservation is more cost-effective than
developing new affordable housing.

   i. Affordable-Housing Crisis

 There is a significant unmet need for affordable rental housing in the United
States. As of 2009, 7.1 million renters had "worst-case housing needs," which
generally meant they paid more than half of their income in rent. n162 The
number of households with worst-case housing needs increased forty-two percent
between 2001 and 2009. n163 The largest category of renters with worst-case
housing needs (thirty-eight percent)  [*36]  was families with children. n164
The lack of affordable housing is a problem across the nation; on average, more
than forty-one percent of very-low-income renters in the United States have
worst-case needs. n165

   Extremely low-income renters, those whose incomes are at thirty percent or
less of area median income, make up a significant portion of the country's
rental households. Of the forty million rental households in the United States,
one in four, or 9.8 million, were extremely low-income in 2010, an increase of
200,000 individuals from the previous year. n166 More than half experience
worst-case housing needs. n167 By some estimates, an additional 4.3 million
affordable rental units would be needed to adequately house existing extremely
low-income renters. n168 As of 2010, only thirty affordable units per one
hundred extremely low-income renter households were available. n169

   Those numbers, distressing as they are, do not capture the full depth of the
national need for affordable housing. The above-need calculations do not include
the more than five million households who currently reside in subsidized
affordable housing. n170 The calculations do not include homeless individuals,
as they are not renters. n171

   The United States is facing a serious dearth of rental housing affordable to
the lowest-income renters, and it is this particular population that most needs
stable affordable housing. The private rental market, however, is simply not
meeting the need. Low-cost rentals on the private market (units renting at less
than four hundred dollars)  [*37]  declined by nearly thirty percent between
1999 and 2009. n172 Across the United States, rental markets are tightening, and
rents are increasing. n173

   ii. Public Housing Is Uniquely Situated to Serve theLowest-Income Renters

 Today, there are approximately 1.2 million remaining public housing units in
the United States. n174 Public housing is home to more than two million
individuals in 3500 communities. n175 A slight majority of households are
elderly or disabled. n176 Families with children make up forty percent of
households. n177 Seventy-one percent of households are extremely low-income.
n178 The majority of public housing residents would be unable to afford an
apartment on the private market. n179

   Project-based subsidized housing, such as public housing, provides a
particularly important source of affordable housing units that can be rented to
successive households. If a family no longer requires subsidized housing and
moves out, another low-income family can move in and receive the benefit of the
subsidy. The ongoing federal operating subsidy ensures that the property remains
affordable for the lowest-income renters.

   Because federally subsidized units, such as public housing, provide one of
the only sources of truly affordable rental housing, there is  [*38]
significant demand for the existing units. n180 Because of funding limitations,
as few as one quarter of eligible low-income households receive federal housing
assistance. n181 One estimate suggests there are over one million people
currently on wait-lists for public housing and vouchers. n182 Local
jurisdictions, many of which keep their wait-lists closed, have recently
experienced floods of applicants when they advertise the possibility of getting
on the list for affordable housing. n183

   Altogether, there are five million low-income households who are in
affordable rental housing and receive the assistance of an ongoing federal
subsidy. n184 Absent the subsidy, these households would likely join the more
than seven million current renters with worst-case housing  [*39]  needs. n185
As the market has been unable to meet the depth of the current need for
affordable rental housing, it is folly to believe the market would be able to
absorb additional low-income renters. Existing federally subsidized housing thus
provides an important resource to address a significant portion of the need for
affordable rental housing across the country.

   Some commentators decry federally subsidized housing, particularly public
housing, as a failure. n186 They argue that the programs concentrate poverty,
create a culture of dependence, and damage communities. n187 A detailed rebuttal
regarding the social and financial impacts of public housing is beyond the scope
of this Article, but public housing, while far from perfect, is a crucial piece
of the social and economic safety net. The program has improved in recent years,
as jurisdictions moved away from high-rise public housing developments. n188

    [*40]  The fact is that the government is not offering another meaningful
choice. The federal government is typically no longer in the business of
providing project-based rental assistance, nor has the private market met the
need for affordable housing. And there is no evidence that the loss of units
will somehow spur an economic revolution. More likely, jurisdictions will be
left to cope with an even greater number of low-income renters who cannot afford
safe and sanitary housing and who will battle with issues such as homelessness.

   Public housing, while not ideal, is also a better alternative for some
renters than other types of affordable housing. The tenant-based voucher program
is highly susceptible to shifts in the market; in jurisdictions with high levels
of gentrification and a limited number of reasonably affordable private rental
units, it is very difficult for a low-income household to find an apartment to
rent. n189 Those problems are exacerbated by the reluctance of some private
landlords to participate in the voucher program. n190 Vouchers can also impose
higher costs on tenants than public housing. n191 Public housing is also better
equipped for hard-to-house families, such as families with social issues or
mental illness, who may be unattractive to a private landlord. n192 The voucher
[*41]  program is simply not an adequate alternative to the relative stability
of project-based programs, such as public housing. n193

   The country is in dire need of affordable housing. The remaining public
housing units help to meet a portion of the need by providing truly affordable
rental housing to the lowest-income renters.

   iii. Preservation Is Cost-Effective

 Preservation of existing public housing is the most cost-effective way to
maintain the current level of affordable housing. This is true even when the
existing units need significant rehabilitation. n194 The replacement value of
the existing public housing stock has been estimated at between $ 90 and $ 145
billion. n195 It would cost far less for the federal government to retain those
units than to start from scratch and rebuild elsewhere. n196

   Nor is it likely the federal government has the motivation to replace lost
public housing units with comparable affordable housing. Generally speaking, the
federal government is no longer in the business of project-based housing
creation. A lost federally subsidized housing unit is not typically replaced.
Maintaining the current level of federally subsidized housing affordable to the
lowest-income renters can be achieved only by preserving existing properties.

   States cannot afford to replicate the long-term deep subsidies of public
housing and comparable programs. Where states have enacted  [*42]  affordable-
housing programs, they are typically small in scale and are not comparable to
subsidy levels public housing provides. n197 If federally subsidized affordable
housing is lost and not replaced, states and localities bear the brunt of an
increased need for affordable rental housing, which can equate to an increase in
households living in substandard housing or coping with homelessness. Either
condition often imposes additional costs on state and local governments as they
address the accompanying economic, social, and community harms. n198

   It is crucial that public housing be preserved as an affordable housing
resource. The need for affordable housing in the United States has reached
critical levels, particularly for the lowest-income renters. Public housing
provides affordable housing that satisfies that need and cannot be replaced by
state and local governments. Preservation is the most efficient way to continue
to provide the same level of rental housing affordable to the lowest-income
renters.

   IV. Analysis of RAD Principles: Is It Wise to Borrow Against Public Housing?

   A. Is There Any Other Option?

 Do we need to open up public housing to private lending? Isn't the simplest
solution for the federal government to adequately fund public housing? n199

   It has been estimated that the federal government could eliminate the public
housing capital needs backlog in ten years by allocating an additional $ 2.5
billion per year. n200 The federal government provided a four billion dollar
cash infusion to the public housing program in 2010  [*43]  as part of the
economic stimulus to great success. n201 Providing funds directly to the public
housing program could also have positive economic impacts that go beyond public
housing. One study found that the 2010 stimulus cash infusion resulted not only
in direct improvements to the public housing stock, but also in significant
"indirect and induced economic activity" and job creation. n202

   Providing the funds directly to the public housing program would likely be
the most cost-efficient option for the federal government. The federal
government will ultimately bear the cost of repaying debt service on converted
public housing properties. n203 Debt service on private loans, however,
incorporates significant secondary costs, such as interest payments and
transactional costs. n204 If the federal government provided the funds directly
to public housing, it would likely cost less because the secondary costs would
be minimal. n205

   The current economic climate and political realities make it incredibly
unlikely that the federal government would embrace a direct funding proposal. It
is a significant challenge every year to obtain the basic funding required to
sustain public housing. More often than not, even those basic requirements are
unmet. n206 The Obama administration conceded as much and used the lack of
forthcoming federal funds as a justification for leveraging proposals. n207

    [*44]  While that is likely a correct assessment of the political landscape,
it is worth noting that the federal government diverts significant resources to
programs that benefit higher-income homeowners, such as the mortgage interest
tax deduction. The mortgage tax deduction - which permits homeowners to deduct
mortgage interest from their taxes - will cost the federal government an
estimated $ 131 billion in 2012. n208 That sum dwarfs the total HUD budget for
2012 (forty-four billion dollars), n209 the 2012 public housing budget ($ 5.9
billion), n210 and the total backlog of needed repairs to public housing
developments (over twenty-five billion dollars). n211 Tax incentives such as
these are often referred to as the "hidden welfare state" and benefit primarily
middle-and upper-income homeowners. n212 Many have written about whether and how
the tax incentive structure should be modified. n213 For our purposes, it is
worth noting that the government has made a choice to divert significant
resources to benefit higher-income homeowners. n214

   A meaningful conversation requires that the government consider all potential
sources of revenue and all possible benefits of adequately funding public
housing. An ideal solution is for the government to provide sufficient funds to
preserve public housing. In the current political climate, however, this seems
sufficiently unlikely that staking one's hopes on this would be akin to a vote
for the status quo of an underfunded, aging, and diminishing public housing
program.

   B. Potential Benefits of Private Capital

 There is a fundamental appeal to RAD. Local governments own the public housing
developments and the underlying land, much of which is  [*45]  quite valuable.
n215 If private investors are willing to provide the funds so desperately needed
to redevelop existing public housing developments and ultimately save the
affordable housing stock, what could be better? And if the federal government is
not willing or able to provide sufficient funds to save public housing, is there
really a choice?

   i. The Capital Needs Backlog

 The most compelling benefit of leveraging public housing developments is the
access to much needed funds. Without necessary capital, more units will
inevitably be lost, tenants will face poor conditions, and public housing will
continue its physical decline. With adequate funds, the twenty-five billion
dollar capital-needs backlog could be addressed. Existing public housing
developments could receive much needed repairs and renovations. And action taken
now could preserve the existing physical structures for years to come.

   Local governments have demonstrated success in leveraging private capital. As
of 2010, local governments accessed over three billion additional dollars by
leveraging their public housing capital funds n216 and leveraged significant
additional capital with HOPE VI funds. n217 Although those programs did not
involve leveraging or mortgaging of public housing developments themselves, they
are evidence that local governments are capable of successfully leveraging and
utilizing private capital.

   ii. Long-Term Costs Savings

 Proponents of utilizing the private market to address the capital needs of
public housing argue that it will ultimately save the government money. That
claim is questionable in the short term as annual appropriations will likely
need to increase to repay debt service. In the long run, however, the program
may ultimately provide cost savings if it results in the preservation of
existing public housing developments.

   HUD promoted RAD as a means to obtain capital funds at no, or minimal, cost
to the government, n218 yet RAD will incur debt service  [*46]  obligations.
n219 Funds must be available to repay the loans. n220 It is likely that Congress
will need to increase appropriations to cover that debt service if the program
expands beyond RAD. n221 Moreover, as discussed above, secondary costs likely
render the overall cost to the federal government higher than if the government
simply provided funds directly to public housing. n222 The need to repay debt
service also raises the stakes of the annual appropriations process. n223 Any
failure in this context could give rise to a serious foreclosure risk. n224

   HUD ultimately acknowledged that bringing private capital into public housing
would result in an overall increase in operating costs. n225 Yet it argues that
those costs will ultimately be offset because the government will need to
provide lower appropriations for ongoing  [*47]  capital needs. n226 There is
some validity to that argument. Over a period of time, it will cost more to make
repeated patchwork repairs, followed almost inevitably by a major repair, than
to simply make a major repair at the outset. The ultimate potential cost
savings, however, arises out of the preservation potential. RAD may provide
overall cost savings if it preserves existing public housing developments as
long-term affordable housing.

   iii. Political Considerations

 Political considerations also weigh in favor of adopting a proactive program to
address the capital needs of public housing. Evidence of progress and
significant prospects of stability could quell congressional handwringing over
public housing. Attaching long-term subsidy contracts to developments could
quiet arguments that public housing should be defunded. Contractual obligations
may be more likely satisfied than variable requests in the annual appropriations
process. n227 And, perhaps most importantly, banks and other investors will have
a vested interest in ensuring that converted public housing developments obtain
necessary funding to operate and repay the debt service and may prove to be
useful allies in budget negotiations. The political benefits of a successful
program to integrate the private market into public housing may ultimately be
significant.

   V. The Devilish Details: Preservation Risks in the RAD Program

 If we accept that the public housing financing scheme must be reformed if
public housing is to survive and that its survival is important, then it is
necessary to consider very carefully whether RAD adequately meets that goal.
This is all the more important because HUD has expressed the intent to expand
the principles of RAD throughout the entire public housing portfolio after the
pilot program's conclusion. n228

   Mortgaging public housing to address long-standing capital needs may
ultimately provide significant benefits. RAD's execution, however, is wanting.
As formulated, RAD may fail to live up to its promise and, worse, result in the
loss of deeply subsidized affordable housing. In part,  [*48]  this is due to
the inherent tension in incentivizing private investors to participate in a
public benefits scheme that serves low-income renters. The government needs
outside investors to participate in the program - and bring with them
significant amounts of capital - if it is to succeed. Private investors are
necessarily interested in financial gain and obtaining a solid return on their
investment. It is difficult for the program to walk the line between giving
investors sufficient security on their investment, while at the same time
protecting the long-term preservation of converted public housing developments.
Given the crucial position public housing holds in the social safety net,
however, the emphasis must always be on preservation.

   The section below addresses three main areas in which changes must be made to
RAD and any successor programs to ensure the long-term survival of public
housing developments: funding caps that incentivize a net reduction in public
housing units must be lifted; the risks inherent in foreclosure must be
minimized; and tenants must have a meaningful enforcement mechanism to protect
the long-term stability and affordability of converted properties.

   A. Funding Caps: An End-Run Around Preservation

 The most pressing concern is a funding cap that could result in a significant
reduction in subsidized units in converted properties. The final administrative
guidance for RAD contains - over the strong objection of both local governments
and affordable-housing advocates n229 - a funding cap that incentivizes
preserving only half of the units in a public housing development or converting
properties to serve special-needs populations, such as the elderly or the
disabled.

   RAD envisions that public housing properties will convert to one of two
subsidy streams. Under final program guidance, if a property converts to the PBV
program, HUD will cap the number of units that can receive the project-based
subsidy to only half of the current units. n230 Converting public housing
properties, most of which are one hundred percent occupied with low-income
households, to a subsidy stream that provides funding for only fifty percent of
the units typically means that only fifty percent of the units will be
preserved. n231 In other words, only  [*49]  half of the units will receive any
kind of project-based long-term subsidy to keep the units affordable in the long
term. It is unclear what will happen to the remainder of the units and the
remainder of the tenants. The most likely scenario is that half of the tenants
would receive tenant-based vouchers. n232 So long as the tenants stayed on the
property, the units would remain affordable. If and when those tenants move out
of the property, however, the unit would lose its affordability guarantees and
its source of funding. n233

   There are some exceptions to the cap. For instance, if a property serves
elderly or disabled populations or provides supportive services, all of the
units may be funded. n234 This anticipates that properties currently serving
general family populations would convert to serving only special-needs groups.
In response to concerns that tenants could be displaced, HUD guidance would
permit existing tenants to remain, even if they did not fall into the
special-needs population. n235 When those tenants move out, however, subsequent
households must be special-needs. The result will be a loss of affordable
housing units for families without special needs, yet there is a significant and
ongoing need for affordable housing for those families.

   The requirement is also problematic because it imposes the limitation on the
funding stream most likely to be attractive to local  [*50]  governments. n236
The PBV program is familiar, would be easier to administer, and could earn
administrative fees. n237 The guidance thus incentivizes the use of a funding
stream that is likely to result in either the loss of half of the public housing
units or the conversion of the property to serve solely special-needs
populations. This is a crucial issue that must be resolved if RAD is to be
adopted broadly.

   HUD must lift the funding cap limitations on converted properties contained
in final RAD guidance. The program cannot serve its preservation purpose if it
results in a net loss of units or limitation of properties solely to
special-needs tenants. Local governments must be permitted to convert one
hundred percent of the units in a public housing development to a PBV funding
stream without limitation. Anything less subverts the stated intent of RAD as an
affordable-housing preservation program.

   B. Foreclosure and the Preservation Conundrum

 The specter of foreclosed public housing developments loomed large in policy
discussions surrounding RAD. HUD repeatedly faced questions and skepticism on
this issue. n238 Does the property become privately owned? Could a bank or
for-profit entity own and operate public housing? What happens if a private
owner fails to comply with public housing rules and regulations? What happens to
tenants' rights? n239

[*51]

   i. The Risk of Foreclosure

 The risk of foreclosure, while it should not be overstated, is real when public
housing properties are mortgaged. In 2010, when HUD first proposed bringing the
private market into public housing, the country was just starting to climb out
of what many researchers termed the "Great Recession." n240 The accompanying
foreclosure crisis impacted homeowners and renters of both single-and
multifamily properties. n241 Although HUD imposed some borrowing limitations in
RAD to protect against the riskiest loans, n242 the recent foreclosure crisis is
evidence that any borrowing secured by real property carries a risk of
foreclosure.

   Federally subsidized properties are potentially at a greater risk of
foreclosure because they depend on annual appropriations to satisfy the debt
service. Public housing has suffered from very recent congressional failures to
appropriate sufficient funds. A history of lower-than-needed appropriations
raises the serious concern that Congress will fail to appropriate sufficient
funds in the future to support debt service and that properties will be at risk
of foreclosure. n243 RAD contemplates properties  [*52]  will convert to term
subsidy contracts and, while this is intended to provide assurances of regular
payments, such assurance is not a given. In the late 2000s, the federal
government failed for several months to make the payments due under term subsidy
contracts in the Project-Based Section 8 program. n244 As recently as the Fiscal
Year 2013 budget, HUD proposed to short-fund the existing term contracts, a
measure by which Congress appropriates only a portion of the funds due under the
contracts. n245 Short-funding of term contracts can have negative consequences,
such as decreased services for residents and remedial measures by wary
investors, such as requiring increased debt coverage. n246

   The risk of foreclosure must be taken seriously and proposed foreclosure
protections scrutinized closely.

   ii. RAD Foreclosure Protections

 RAD provides some protections intended to keep converted public housing
properties affordable. All loans taken out against a converted property will be
subject to a HUD Use Agreement recorded in first position. n247 The Use
Agreement supersedes all liens, so the Agreement's terms should therefore
survive foreclosure. n248 The RAD statute requires  [*53]  HUD to offer, and an
owner to accept, subsidy contract renewals, and HUD appears to contemplate that
the subsidy contract could also survive foreclosure. n249

   HUD also has several affirmative tools it can utilize to preserve affordable
housing. For instance, if HUD finds an ownership change is necessary "in its
sole discretion," it can require that ownership be transferred first to a
capable public entity. n250 HUD can also transfer the subsidy contract and the
Use Agreement to a different property if, for instance, the initial property
becomes economically non-viable or physically obsolete. n251 Such a transfer
could preserve the subsidy contract and the net number of affordable units, even
in the event that the original property becomes untenable.

   The foreclosure protections are not insignificant and, ideally, could shield
some converted properties from loss of affordability. The current protections
contemplate that a foreclosure would occur as follows: The bank forecloses on
the property and sells it to a public entity approved by HUD. n252 The public
entity takes over the term subsidy contract and remains subject to the Use
Agreement. n253 The property remains affordable to the lowest-income renters.
Alternatively, HUD recognizes the property is in distress before a foreclosure
occurs and, taking into consideration the best interests of the tenants,
transfers the subsidy (and the tenants) to a different, yet suitable, property.
n254 Under these scenarios, affordable housing is preserved, and all is right
with the world.

[*54]

   iii. The Holes in RAD Foreclosure Protections

 The world of subsidized housing preservation, however, seldom operates so
cleanly. The RAD foreclosure protections do little to ward off the
non-traditional foreclosure scenario. A primary concern is that the HUD Use
Agreement does not necessarily require the continued operation of the property
as rental housing affordable to the lowest-income renters. Absent the subsidy
contract, the Use Agreement requires only that the property remain affordable
for the highest echelon of low-income renters, and not the extremely low-income
public housing population.

   The Use Agreement is one of two documents that require affordability at a
converted public housing property. The subsidy contract requires the owner to
maintain the property's affordability for the lowest-income renters. In
exchange, the owner receives ongoing subsidies from the federal government. The
Use Agreement is recorded on the property in first position. n255 The Use
Agreement is for the same term as the subsidy contract and automatically renews
upon subsidy contract renewal. n256

   The potential problem arises if the subsidy contract terminates. n257 Absent
the subsidy contract, the Use Agreement remains in effect for the duration of
the expected contract term. n258 The Use Agreement requires only that the
property remain affordable for tenants with incomes at or below eighty percent
of area median income, a relatively high income threshold. n259 Rents can be set
at up to thirty percent of that higher income and not the income-based rents of
public housing. n260 Yet more than seventy percent of existing public housing
tenants are extremely low-income and have annual incomes of less than thirty
percent of area median income. n261

   The result of this distinction is twofold. First, if a subsidy contract is
terminated, the property will cease to be affordable to the lowest-income
tenants, who are most in need of affordable housing. Although tenant-  [*55]
based vouchers would likely protect existing tenants, the property itself would
cease to be affordable in any meaningful way. n262 There is admittedly a
justification for the distinction. If the subsidy contract is terminated, and
the federal government is no longer providing the funds to fill the gap between
tenants' income-based rents and operations expenses, it is unrealistic to expect
an owner to operate the property as public housing. n263

   The second and most troubling result of this distinction, however, is its
incentive to owners - particularly in the case of an ownership transfer due to
foreclosure - to get out of the subsidy contract so they can convert the
property to the significantly higher-income use. n264 If the subsidy contract is
terminated, perhaps because the property is not adequately maintained and falls
into poor physical condition or even because the new owner refuses to be a party
to the contract, the property can be converted to a higher-income use,
eliminating it as a long-term source of affordable housing. n265

   The program does not have to be structured in such a manner. RAD could
incentivize preservation by modifying the Use Agreement to require that the
owner maintain the property's affordability for the lowest-income renters, even
in the absence of the subsidy contract.  [*56]  Under that scenario, a property
owner would have a significant incentive to retain the subsidy contract and
thereby preserve the property as deeply affordable housing. This again
illustrates the challenge of incentivizing private investment into an affordable
housing program. Providing investors or subsequent owners with an "out" in the
Use Agreement could incentivize investment and private participation in the
program. It also, however, could put the long-term affordability of the housing
at risk as it provides a means by which an owner could covert the property to a
much higher-income use. When balancing these competing interests, HUD must fall
on the side of preservation if RAD is to reach its stated goal of affordable
housing preservation. n266

   HUD and affordable-housing advocates must carefully consider the impact of
incentives in the RAD proposal. Unfortunately, the current iteration of RAD
provides potential incentives for owners to convert the property to a
higher-income use in the event of foreclosure.

   iv. Limiting the Foreclosure Risk

 One way to protect against the potential loss of affordability following
foreclosure is to limit the possibility that the converted public housing
property will face foreclosure in the first place. Additional requirements, such
as federal loan guarantees, requisite use of FHA-insured loans, or continued
government ownership of the underlying land, could minimize the risk that a
property will face foreclosure.

   HUD could require that all loans secured by converted public housing
developments be FHA-insured. n267 FHA insurance would limit risks to lenders and
incentivize private investment. n268 It could also protect against the
possibility that inadequate appropriations would lead to foreclosures, as the
federal government would have a financial incentive to avoid default. n269 Most
importantly, it would better protect public ownership by making it less likely
the private lender would foreclose and assume ownership. n270 FHA insurance,
however, does have  [*57]  potential drawbacks. The program imposes certain
requirements, such as mortgage insurance, that could ultimately increase the
cost of borrowing. n271

   HUD could also guarantee loans secured by public housing developments. Many
have raised the idea of a federal loan guarantee in the context of leveraging
public housing. n272 The Bush administration proposed that HUD guarantee eighty
percent of loan principal in its PHRI proposal. n273 Similar to FHA insurance,
the guarantee would incentivize lending and provide some protection against
foreclosure. A HUD guarantee, however, could be structured to avoid mortgage
insurance requirements and potentially be a better fit for the strictures of the
RAD program.

   Finally, a public housing leveraging scheme could require a local government
to retain ownership of the underlying land and mortgage only the development
itself. This was the approach recommended by the National Commission on Severely
Distressed Public Housing in 1992. n274 Retained land ownership has also been
discussed in the context of RAD discussions. n275 Preservation of the land
itself, while no guarantee of long-term survival of the existing affordable-
housing structure, has important benefits. The continued real estate interest
gives the local government a stake in the long-term operation of the property,
even in the event of a foreclosure. It could also preserve at least the land for
[*58]  potential reuse as affordable housing in the event of a foreclosure and
loss of affordability guarantees. n276

   Additional protections are necessary to protect the long-term affordability
of converted public housing properties under RAD. Added requirements, such as
FHA insurance, federal loan guarantees, or continued ownership of the underlying
land, could provide additional safeguards against foreclosure.

   C. Meaningful Enforcement Mechanisms

 Even the best preservation protections are only as good as the individual or
entity enforcing those protections. It is notable that many of the protections
in RAD hinge upon HUD's willingness to actively enforce preservation provisions.
That, in and of itself, is a concern. HUD is an executive agency, and its
actions often reflect the current administration's political agenda. As the
history of public housing privatization efforts demonstrates, there is no
assurance that the next administration, or the administration two decades from
now, will be committed to preserving public housing. n277

   If foreclosure or another action threatens the long-term affordability of a
converted public housing property, HUD will likely need to act affirmatively to
enforce any foreclosure protections and preserve the property. There have been
numerous instances in the past decade, however, where HUD failed to comply with,
much less enforce, its own rules and regulations regarding the preservation of
foreclosed federally subsidized properties, including the preservation of a
long-term subsidy contract in the event of foreclosure. n278 In one relatively
recent case, HUD was found to have forced a foreclosure of a federally
subsidized Pittsburgh property and illegally terminated the rental subsidy
contract in order to compel the tenants to vacate so the property could be
redeveloped. n279 Affordable-housing advocates are, reasonably, concerned  [*59]
that HUD discretion and HUD enforcement mechanisms are insufficient protection.
n280 And yet, it is impossible for the drafters of statutes and regulations to
foresee every possible outcome and determine in advance what action will be
necessary to preserve a property. Some discretion is needed.

   The individuals most likely to be motivated to preserve a converted public
housing development as affordable housing are the current residents. The rights
of tenants to bring and maintain an action against either HUD or the owner of
the converted property, however, are murky. If the property converts from public
to private ownership, for instance, the tenants may have only a limited ability
to claim a violation of certain constitutional rights, such as due process and
equal protection. n281 Experience in the privatization of public benefits, such
as TANF, indicates there will be significant challenges in determining the
rights of tenants and how those rights can be enforced. n282

   Residents should have clear authority to enforce key provisions in the
documents between HUD and the property owner, including issues of subsidy,
affordability, and physical conditions. n283 To improve the  [*60]  potential
enforcement, tenants should have an express third-party beneficiary right to
enforce the affordability and related provisions in a converted property. Courts
have reached disparate decisions regarding whether tenants of federally
subsidized privately owned affordable housing are intended third-party
beneficiaries. n284 Notably, in the aftermath of decisions finding tenants had a
third-party beneficiary right, HUD amended its documents to preclude any tenant
right of enforcement, a limitation generally upheld by the courts. n285

   Some have raised concerns that tenant enforcement power may "hinder
preservation efforts requiring bold steps that can sometimes defy popular
resolution." n286 But the benefit that tenants can bring to the table in
enforcement power overcomes any such concerns. There are numerous examples of
tenants filing and litigating actions to preserve federally subsidized housing.
n287 Tenants have the incentive to act quickly in the event of a threat to the
affordability of their building. Even when HUD is committed to preserving a
particular property, it may not be able to react to a preservation threat as
quickly as the tenants. A clear right to enforce subsidy contracts and
affordability restrictions gives tenants the  [*61]  leverage to bring the
property owner to the table to negotiate and could avoid unnecessary litigation.

   HUD should therefore include clear language providing tenants and tenants'
associations a third-party beneficiary right to enforce subsidy contracts,
affordability restrictions, and Use Agreement terms on any public housing
property converted under RAD or subsequent iterations of the program.

   Conclusion

 The remaining 1.2 million public housing units represent a crucial piece of the
country's social safety net. Affordable to the lowest-income renters, public
housing units help to meet the crushing need for truly affordable rental housing
. Yet public housing is a finite resource with an uncertain future. The aging
housing stock has been punished by long-standing underfunding by the federal
government and the resultant deferred maintenance. The program needs access to
significant capital for renovations if it is to survive.

   Keeping with the decades-long trend of privatizing federal housing policy,
the government's response is to open public housing to private lending. Through
the current RAD pilot, and an anticipated expansion of its principles to the
full public housing stock, local governments will be able to leverage public
housing developments to access private capital. Participating properties will
also convert from the current appropriations-based funding system to long-term
subsidy contracts.

   The underlying concept of utilizing the private market to obtain needed
capital funds is likely the best chance public housing has to survive as an
affordable-housing resource. The status quo, which currently results in a loss
of at least ten thousand units annually, is unsustainable. It is unrealistic to
believe the federal government alone will meet the capital needs of public
housing, as the current need tops twenty-five billion dollars and continues to
grow. Access to private capital, however, will allow local governments to
address the backlog in capital needs, preserve public housing properties for the
long term, and may provide some protection against political interference with
the program.

   While RAD's concept is sound, its execution is troubling. RAD provides
incentives to either preserve only half of the units in a given property or
limit the property solely to special-needs groups. RAD fails to adequately
protect against a loss of affordability through foreclosure and, in fact,
provides some incentives for a new property owner to convert a property to a
higher-income use. Finally, achieving RAD's preservation goals will require HUD
to exercise its discretion and  [*62]  enforce its regulations in a
preservation-minded way, something HUD has struggled to do in the past.

   The RAD program is salvageable. With modifications, such as removal of
funding caps, improved protections against foreclosure and the potential loss of
affordability as a result, and the provision of a meaningful enforcement
mechanism to tenants, RAD and any successor program could be an important
mechanism to preserve public housing as a long-term affordable housing resource.
Unfortunately, without such changes, there is a risk that RAD will fail to
achieve its purpose and lead to further loss of federally subsidized affordable
rental units.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsLocal GovernmentsFinancePublic Health & Welfare LawHousing & Public
BuildingsAccessibility, Construction & DesignPublic Health & Welfare LawHousing
& Public BuildingsLow Income Housing

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Kirk McClure, Reduction of Worst Case Housing Needs by Assisted Housing 1
(2011).





n2.  Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act 2012, Pub. L. No.
112-55, tit. II, 125 Stat. 672222 (2011); Dep't of Hous. & Urban Dev.,
PIH-2012-32 (HA), Rental Assistance Demonstration - Final Implementation (July
26, 2012) [hereinafter RAD Guidance PIH-2012-32]. HUD issued revised final
guidance regarding the RAD program in July 2013. See Dep't of Hous. & Urban
Dev., PIH-2012-32 REV-1, Rental Assistance Demonstration - Final Implementation,
Revision 1 (July 2, 2013) [hereinafter Revised RAD Guidance PIH-2012-32 REV-1].





n3.  Abt Assocs. Inc., Capital Needs in the Public Housing Program v-vi (2010)
[hereinafter ABT Assocs. 2010].





n4.  Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act 2012; RAD Guidance
PIH-2012-32, supra note 2, at 2-3.





n5.  Revised RAD Guidance PIH-2012-32 REV-1, supra note 2, at § 1.4. The
financing transactions undertaken through RAD are complicated and may involve a
variety of public and private financing sources. For the sake of simplicity,
this Article will refer to the transactions as mortgaging or leveraging, with
the understanding that those terms may not be technically accurate when applied
to all possible financing structures permissible under RAD.





n6.  Id. at § 1.2.





n7.  See Gordon Cavanaugh, Public Housing: From Archaic to Dynamic to
Endangered, 14 J. Affordable Housing & Community Dev. L. 228, 229 (2005). The
first attempt to create public housing under the National Industrial Recovery
Act of 1933 contemplated the federal government would own the housing and was
found unconstitutional. Id. The public housing program was ultimately enacted
through the Housing Act of 1937. Id.; United States Housing Act of 1937, ch.
896, 50 Stat. 888 (1937).





n8.  Paul S. Grogan & Tony Proscio, The Fall (and Rise) of Public Housing 12
(Joint Ctr. for Hous. Studies, Harvard University, Working Paper No. W00-7,
2000). The initial public housing concept contemplated housing a full two-thirds
of the population. Alexander von Hoffman, A Study in Contradictions: The Origins
and Legacy of the Housing Act of 1949, 11 Housing Pol'y Debate 299, 301 (2000)
[hereinafter Von Hoffman, Contradictions].





n9.  Slum housing was long seen as inadequate, unhealthy, and a catalyst for
significant social problems. See Peter Marcuse, Mainstreaming Public Housing: A
Proposal for a Comprehensive Approach to Housing Policy, in New Directions in
Urban Public Housing 23, 27 (David P. Varady et al. eds., 1998). Public housing
was proposed as a solution to slum housing as early as the late 1800s. See
Alexander von Hoffman, High Ambitions: The Past and Future of American
Low-Income Housing Policy, 7 Housing Pol'y Debate 423, 423-25 [hereinafter Von
Hoffman, High Ambitions].





n10.  United States Housing Act of 1937; Von Hoffman, Contradictions, supra note
8, at 302. These elements of local governments, known as Public Housing
Authorities or "PHAs," continue to own and operate public housing. For the sake
of limiting acronyms, this Article will refer to PHAs as "local governments"
throughout.





n11.  Von Hoffman, Contradictions, supra note 8, at 311. Many of the initial
tenants were "nuclear families who had fallen on hard times during the
Depression." Charles L. Edson, Affordable Housing: An Intimate History, in The
Legal Guide to Affordable Housing Development 5 (Tim Iglesias & Rochelle E.
Lento eds., 2d ed. 2011).





n12.  Marcuse, supra note 9, at 27. Upper income limits were established to
ensure that the public housing program did not compete with the private market.
Von Hoffman, Contradictions, supra note 8, at 302.





n13.  Marcuse, supra note 9, at 27.





n14.  See generally J.S. Fuerst, When Public Housing Was Paradise: Building
Community in Chicago (2003).





n15.  The Housing Act of 1949 began to shift public housing's focus from
middle-income families to the lowest-income tenants. U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urban
Dev., Report to Congress on Alternative Methods for Funding Public Housing
Modernization I-5 (April 1990) [hereinafter HUD Funding for Public Housing
Modernization Report]; Grogan & Proscio, supra note 8, at 12 ("The Housing Act
of 1949 transformed public housing from a mainstream support for the temporarily
down-and-out into a slum-improvement program, where residents of the poorest and
most run-down urban neighborhoods ... could escape the squalor of tenement life
and live decently and low rents."); Von Hoffman, Contradictions, supra note 8,
at 310; Von Hoffman, High Ambitions, supra note 9, at 436; HUD Funding for
Public Housing Modernization Report, supra at I-5.





n16.  Upwardly mobile tenants were increasingly drawn out of the public housing
program as FHA mortgage insurance programs made homeownership more attainable
for the middle class. HUD Funding for Public Housing Modernization Report, supra
note 15, at I-5. Enforcement of upper income limits also forced the
highest-income households to move out of public housing. See Von Hoffman, High
Ambitions, supra note 9, at 435. HUD began to require the eviction of
over-income tenants in the late 1940s, and this resulted in the removal of many
higher-income tenants, including veterans who moved into the properties after
returning from service. See Von Hoffman, Contradictions, supra note 8, at 316.





n17.  Maggie McCarty, Cong. Research Serv., R41654, Introduction to Public
Housing 3 (2012).





n18.  By the late 1960s, many public housing tenants were paying forty to fifty
percent of their incomes in rent, and some were paying as much as seventy
percent of their income in rent. See Grogan & Proscio, supra note 8, at 14;
Cavanaugh, supra note 7, at 234-35; Edson, supra note 11, at 5.





n19.  Housing and Urban Development Act of 1969 (Brooke Amendment), Pub. L. No.
91-152, § 213, 83 Stat. 379, 389 (1969) (codified as amended at 12 U.S.C. §
1715z-1a (West, Westlaw through P.L. 113-31 approved Aug. 9, 2013)); Edson,
supra note 11, at 5; Housing and Community Development Amendments Act of 1981,
Pub. L. No. 97-35, 95 Stat. 384 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. § 8107 (West,
Westlaw through P.L. 113-13 approved June 3, 2013)).





n20.  Some have pointed to the Brooke Amendment as the tipping point in public
housing composition as it provided financial incentives for higher-income
tenants to leave and the lowest-income tenants to remain. See D. Bradford Hunt,
Blueprint for Disaster: The Unraveling of Chicago Public Housing 290-91 (2009)
("Income-based rents were counterproductive over time. This policy emerged from
a progressive impulse to distribute aid based on need. But it concentrated
poverty with its economic incentives for the very poor to stay and for the
upwardly mobile to leave."); Grogan & Proscio, supra note 8, at 15.





n21.  The federal government had begun providing some small-scale operating
subsidies in the early 1960s to help fund public housing and began to provide
some modernization funds in 1968. See HUD Funding for Public Housing
Modernization Report, supra note 15, at I-5-6.





n22.  See id. at I-5.





n23.  The Quality Housing and Work Responsibility Act (QHWRA) of 1998 banned
nearly all construction of net new public housing units after 1999. Quality
Housing and Work Responsibility Act of 1998, Pub. L. No. 105-276, 112 Stat. 2461
(codified at 42 U.S.C. §§1437-1439 (West, Westlaw through P.L. 113-13 approved
June 3, 2013)). There are some limited exceptions to the ban, which is known as
the "Faircloth limit." See U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urban Dev., PIH-2001-69 (HA),
Prohibition on Exceeding Statutory Limitation of the Number of Public Housing
Units (Dec. 27, 2011) [hereinafter Prohibition on Exceeding Statutory
Limitation, PIH-2001-69].





n24.  McClure, supra note 1, at 1; Nat'l Comm'n on Severely Distressed Pub.
Hous., The Final Report of the National Commission on Severely Distressed Public
Housing: A Report to the Congress and the Secretary of Housing and Urban
Development 15 (1992) [hereinafter 1992 Final Report of the National Commission
on Severely Distressed Public Housing].





n25.  Von Hoffman, Contradictions, supra note 8, at 314-15. President Nixon
issued a moratorium on all affordable housing developments, including public
housing, in 1973. President Richard Nixon, State of the Union Message to the
Congress on Community Development (Mar. 8, 1973); R. Allen Hays, The Federal
Government and Urban Housing: Ideology and Change in Public Policy 134-35 (2d
ed. 1995); Von Hoffman, supra at 320. When affordable housing development
resumed the following year, federal housing policy shifted away from public
housing and towards other forms of rental housing assistance. See infra Part
III.A.i. The 1980s signaled the end of net new public housing units as a series
of laws restricted development of new public housing. See Housing and
Urban-Rural Recovery Act of 1983, Pub. L. No. 98-181, 97 Stat. 1153; Cavanaugh,
supra note 7, at 235; Housing and Community Development Act of 1987, Pub. L. No.
100-242, 101 Stat. 1815 (codified at 42 U.S.C. §§1437a-1439 (West, Westlaw
through P.L. 113-31 approved Aug. 9, 2013)) (permitting new public housing
construction only when a local government could certify that family housing
demand could not be met through other programs). Only 200,000 units, less than
eleven percent of the public housing stock, were built after 1980. Gayle Epp,
Emergency Strategies for Revitalizing Public Housing Communities, in New
Directions in Urban Public Housing, supra note 9, at 138 n.3.





n26.  A 1998 statute, the Quality Housing and Work Responsibility Act (QHWRA)
first authorized leveraging of public housing developments to facilitate private
investment. Quality Housing and Work Responsibility Act of 1998 § 1437z-2.
Despite the statutory authority, HUD did not embrace the idea of mortgaging
public housing developments at the time and issued proposed guidance to begin to
implement the change only in early 2010, in the context of RAD. U.S. Dep't of
Hous. & Urban Dev., Public Housing Mortgage Program - Proposed Notice for
Comment (2010), available at
http://www.hud.gov/offices/pih/programs/ph/capfund/prop-phmp-notice.pdf.





n27.  In recent years, local governments have had some limited authority to
leverage a portion of federal appropriations to secure private investment. See
infra note 35.





n28.  See Nat'l Hous. Law Project, HUD Housing Programs: Tenants' Rights § 3.4
(4th ed. 2012). The public housing rent rules are complicated and also allow
tenants to opt to pay a flat rent. See id. §§3.2.1, 3.4.





n29.  Cavanaugh, supra note 7, at 231; McCarty, supra note 17, at 33. The
average gross income of a public housing household is a mere $ 13,427, and the
average tenant rent payment is $ 315 a month. U.S. Dep't Hous. & Urban Dev.,
FY2013 Budget Congressional Justifications, Public Housing Capital Fund I-15
(2012).





n30.  HUD Funding for Public Housing Modernization Report, supra note 15, at I-6
(describing the Performance Funding System).





n31.  Hunt, supra note 20, at 210.





n32.  HUD estimated the need for public housing operating subsidies at $ 4.96
billion for 2012 and proposed meeting that need through a combination of federal
funding and existing operating reserves. U.S. Dep't Hous. & Urban Dev., FY 2012
Budget Summary 35 (2011). HUD requested $ 4.5 billion for public housing
operations in 2013 budget. U.S. Dep't Hous. & Urban Dev., FY 2013 Budget:
Housing and Communities Built to Last 4 (2012). Affordable housing advocates
estimated the actual operating needs of the public housing program under the
Performance Funding System to be $ 5 billion. See Douglas Rice & Barbara Sard,
Ctr. on Budget and Policy Priorities, President's Budget Not Sufficient to Renew
Rental Assistance Fully for Low-Income Households: HUD Budget Also Includes
Proposals that Could Cause Serious Hardship for Some of Nation's Poorest People
5 (2012) [hereinafter Rice & Sard, Budget Not Sufficient to Renew Rental
Assistance].





n33.  The federal government also provides funds for public housing
redevelopment through programs such as HOPE VI. See infra Part II.B.ii.1.





n34.  Michael A. Stegman, The Fall and Rise of Public Housing, Regulation,
Summer 2002, at 70.





n35.  Edson, supra note 11, at 6. Some local governments are able to increase
the impact of the funding provided by leveraging their capital fund; by
mid-2010, over $ 3 billion in additional funds was leveraged. McCarty, supra
note 17, at 35. This leveraging program, known as the Capital Fund Financing
Program, permits borrowing money from private lenders by pledging a future
portion of capital fund allocations toward debt service. See id. Although a
potentially useful source of additional capital funds, only a portion of the
existing capital fund can be leveraged and thus its ultimate leveraging
potential is limited.





n36.  In 2012, $ 195 million was appropriated for the public housing capital
fund, and local governments were expected to use reserves to make up the
difference. U.S. Dep't Hous. & Urban Dev., FY 2013 Budget: Congressional
Justification, Public Housing Capital Fund, at I-1 (2012); Maggie McCarty &
David Randall Peterman, Cong. Res. Serv., R42578, Transportation, Housing and
Urban Development, and Related Agencies (THUD): FY2013 Appropriations 13 (Apr.
11, 2013). The budget for HUD programs overall, including public housing, has
faced uncertainty due to budget battles and the sequester. McCarty & Peterman,
supra at 2-3, 13-14; Douglas Rice, Sequestration Could Deny Rental Assistance to
140,000 Low-Income Families 1, 9-10 (2013).





n37.  Between 2002 and 2010, Congress regularly underfunded public housing
operating subsidies by not appropriating sufficient funds. Douglas Rice &
Barbara Sard, Decade of Neglect Has Weakened Federal Low-Income Housing
Programs: New Resources Required to Meet Growing Needs 15 (2009) [hereinafter
Rice & Sard, Decade of Neglect]; U.S. Dep't Hous. & Urban Dev., FY2011 Budget,
Congressional Justification for Estimates, Public and Indian Housing, Public
Housing Operating Fund L-7 (2010) ("This Budget would fully fund the Operating
Fund for only the second time since 2002. Prior to fiscal year 2010, funding
levels have been short of eligibility, greatly affecting service levels.");
CLPHA, Operating Fund History 2000-2009 (2009),
http://www.clpha.org/operating_fund_history_ 2000-2009 (last visited July 11,
2012). See also James G. Stockard, Jr., Public Housing - The Next Sixty Years?,
in New Directions in Urban Public Housing, supra note 9, at 243. Before 2003,
Congress did sometimes provide less in operating subsidies than required by the
formula, but "such prorations were intermittent and generally shallow." Barbara
Sard & Will Fischer, Preserving Safe, High Quality Public Housing Should Be A
Priority of Federal Housing Policy 10 (2008). Between 2005 and 2009, local
governments only received between 83 and 89 percent of the funds needed to
operate public housing. Rice & Sard, Decade of Neglect, supra at 15; McCarty,
supra note 17, at 8; Rice & Sard, Budget Not Sufficient to Renew Rental
Assistance, supra note 32, at 5.





n38.  ABT Assocs. 2010, supra note 3, at v-vi. The gap between federal capital
funds and the capital needs of public housing has been a problem for decades. In
1990, HUD estimated that there was a $ 22.3 billion unmet modernization need in
the public housing program. HUD Funding for Public Housing Modernization Report,
supra note 15, at ES-5. HUD warned Congress that: "Without full funding, some
portion of the existing public housing stock will not be upgraded to basic
decent, safe and sanitary condition." Id. at ES-6. In 1992, the National
Commission on Severely Distressed Housing estimated the cost to address the
capital improvement needs of the 86,000 severely distressed units alone at $ 5.6
billion. 1992 Final Report of the National Commission on Severely Distressed
Public Housing, supra note 24, at 15. At the time of the report, there were 1.4
million public housing units nationwide. Id. The Commission defined "severely
distressed" public housing by considering a number of factors, including
distress of families residing in the development, the serious crime rate in and
around the development, the physical state of the housing, and "barriers to
managing the environment." Id. at B-2. By 1998, the capital backlog was
estimated at $ 24.6 billion, with needs continuing to accrue at $ 2 billion a
year. Abt Assoc. Inc., Capital Needs of the Public Housing Stock in 1998, at 2-3
(2000) [hereinafter ABT Assocs. 2000].





n39.  The Obama Administration's leveraging plan was first proposed in the FY
2011 budget, where it was called the Transforming Rental Assistance (TRA) plan.
See U.S. Dep't Hous. & Urban Dev., Investing in People and Places FY 2011 Budget
16 (2010), available at http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/fy2011budget.
The budget included several sweeping proposals, including streamlining the
thirteen existing federal subsidy programs. Id. at 15-16. The TRA piece included
a request for $ 350 million to address the joint problems of "an old physical
stock with a backlog of unmet capital needs" and the "isolation of the [public
housing] program from market forces" that lead to inefficiencies. Id. at 16. TRA
was framed as a first step in a multi-year effort to transform the public
housing program. Id. TRA would authorize conversion of public housing to a
long-term funding contract and permit the leveraging of public housing
developments to obtain private capital. Id. TRA was renamed the Preserving,
Enhancing, and Transforming Rental Assistance (PETRA) program when HUD released
proposed legislation in May of 2010. See Preservation, Enhancement, and
Transformation of Rental Assistance Act of 2010, H.R. 6468, 111th Cong. (2010).
The legislation provided significantly more detail but remained committed to the
goals of permitting public housing to convert to a term subsidy stream and
allowing leveraging of public housing developments to finance capital
improvements. Id.; see Nat'l Council of State Hous. Agencies, The Preservation,
Enhancement, and Transformation of Rental Assistance Act of 2010:
Section-by-Section Summary (2010). For additional information on earlier
iterations of the proposal, see Peter W. Salsich, Jr., Does America Need Public
Housing?, 19 Geo. Mason L. Rev. 689, 712-18 (2012).





n40.  Revised RAD Guidance PIH-2012-32 REV-1, supra note 2, at 2-3. The program
also applies to Moderate Rehabilitation projects and some Rent Supplement
properties. For ease of analysis, this Article will focus on the provisions
pertinent to public housing developments.





n41.  Id. § 1.2.





n42.  Id.





n43.  Under RAD, local governments will apply to HUD to include particular
public housing developments in the pilot program. Id.





n44.  Id.





n45.  Id.





n46.  Id. §§1.2, 1.6(B)(1), 1.7(A)(1). Properties converting to PBV could have
an initial subsidy contract of twenty years "upon approval of the administering
voucher agency." Id. § 1.2. As is typical in federally subsidized affordable
housing, the subsidy contracts and any initial renewals will be "subject to
annual appropriations." Id.





n47.  Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2012, Pub. L. No.
112-55, tit. II, 125 Stat. 672, 675 (2011) ("Upon expiration of the initial
contract and each renewal contract, the Secretary shall offer and the owner of
the property shall accept renewal of the contract . ..."); Revised RAD Guidance
PIH-2012-32 REV-1, supra note 2,§§1.6(B)(2), 1.7(A)(2).





n48.  See Nat'l Hous. Law Project, supra note 28, §§1.43-1.44, 1.50-1.51.





n49.  Id. § 1.4. This funding could include a combination of private and public
funds.





n50.  See supra note 26.





n51.  Epp, supra note 25, at 122; Econsult Corp., Public Housing Stimulus
Funding: A Report on the Economic Impact of Recovery Act Capital Improvements 4
(2011).





n52.  U.S. Dep't Hous. & Urban Dev., Preserving Public Housing Through
Conversion to Long-Term Section 8 Housing Assistance Payment (HAP) Contracts:
Two Recapitalization Examples Under HUD's Rental Assistance Demonstration (RAD),
available at http://www.a2gov.org/services/OtherServices/Housing/Documen
ts/HUD%20summary%20of%20RAD%20program%20impact.pdf.





n53.  Id.





n54.  Id.





n55.  Id.





n56.  Id.





n57.  Letter from Hous. Justice Network to U.S. Sec'y of Hous. & Urban Dev.
Shaun Donovan (May 3, 2010), in The Administration's Proposal to Preserve and
Transform Public and Assisted Housing: The Transforming Rental Assistance
Initiative, Hearing Before the H. Comm. on Fin. Servs., 111th Cong. 154 (2010)
[hereinafter H. Comm. on Fin. Servs., 2010 Hearing on Transforming Rental
Assistance Initiative].





n58.  See H. Comm. on Fin. Servs., 2010 Hearing on Transforming Rental
Assistance Initiative, supra note 57, at 1-4, 364. (statement of Rep. Frank)
("If the price of accessing private capital is to put public ownership [of
public housing] at risk, that may be too high a price."); Id. at 9 (statement of
Rep. Maxine Waters, Chairwoman, H. Subcomm. on Hous. & Cmty. Opportunity) ("I
consider this experiment to be very dangerous ... I am not about to be a part of
privatizing public housing.").





n59.  Id. at 12 (statement of Rep. Watts) ("I tell you I wouldn't have had a
hill of beans worth of confidence in the last Secretary of HUD in the last
Administration making those same decisions."). At the conclusion of the hearing,
it seemed unlikely HUD's proposal could overcome opposition. See Frank Says He
Can't Support HUD's Transforming Rental Assistance Plan Because of Risk to
Public Housing, 38 No. CD-11 HDR Current Dev. 2 (2010).





n60.  Secretary Donovan asserted, "If we fail to act now, we will lose these
irreplaceable [public housing] resources forever," and others at HUD echoed that
sentiment. Shaun Donovan, Making Public Housing Work for Families, Huffington
Post, May 26, 2010, http://www.huffingtonpost.com/shaun-donovan/making-public-
housing- wor_b_590407.html; Sandra B. Henriquez, Saving Public Housing,
Huffington Post, June 8, 2010,
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/sandra-brooks-henriquez/saving-public- housing
_b_604663.html. Some affordable housing advocates stood behind the
administration's proposal, arguing, "While we are arguing over the potential
loss of public housing someday in the future if one part of PETRA were to become
law, public housing agencies are already demolishing and selling off public
housing under current law." Sheila Crowley, Status Quo Won't Save Public Housing
, Huffington Post, June 15, 2010,
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/sheila-crowley/status-quo-wont-save-publ_b_613208.
html. Secretary Donovan repeatedly stressed that the intent of the program was
to save the public housing program: "Barack Obama didn't come to Washington to
let your homes be sold off to the highest bidder - or let them decay so badly
that they won't be there for future generations." Shaun Donovan, Sec'y, Dep't of
Hous. & Urban Dev., Remarks at the Nat'l Low I ncome Housing Coalition 2011
Housing Policy C onference (Mar. 28, 2011), available at
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/press/speeches&us
core;remarks_statements/2011/Speech_03282011.





n61.  For a more detailed description, see infra Part V.c.2.





n62.  Revised RAD Guidance PIH-2012-32 REV-1, supra note 2, § 1.4(B)(1).





n63.  Id.





n64.  See, e.g., Rochelle E. Lento, Federal Sources of Financing, in The Legal
Guide to Affordable Housing Development 217-21 (Tim Iglesias & Rochelle E. Lento
eds., 2006).





n65.  Revised RAD Guidance PIH-2012-32 REV-1, supra note 2, §§1.6(B)(3),
1.7(A)(3).





n66.  Id.





n67.  Id.





n68.  Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act 2012, Pub. L. No.
112-55, tit. II, 125 Stat. 673, 674 (2011) ("Tenants of such properties ...
shall, at a minimum, maintain the same rights under such conversion.").





n69.  Revised RAD Guidance PIH-2012-32 REV-1, supra note 2, §§1.6(C)(1),
1.7(B)(1).





n70.  Id. §§1.6(C)(2), 1.7(B)(2). It is notable that the proposed guidance
contemplated a "first right to return," an arguably more specific right that
that contained in the final guidance. See U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urban Dev.,
PIH-2012-18 (HA), Rental Assistance Demonstration - Partial Implementation and
Request for Comments §§1.7(C)(2), 1.8(B)(2) (2012).





n71.  Revised RAD Guidance PIH-2012-32 REV-1, supra note 2, § 1.7(C)(5). The
details of the choice option are complex, and it is not necessary to delve into
great detail for purposes of this Article. Generally, however, tenants will be
permitted to obtain a tenant-based voucher to enable them move off of the
property twenty-four months after moving onto the property or conversion,
subject to some caps on the number of vouchers that must be provided. See, e.g.,
id.; Family Right to Move, 24 C.F.R. § 983.260 (2005).





n72.  Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Pub. L. No. 93-383, 88
Stat. 633 (codified at 42 U.S.C. § 5301 (West, Westlaw through P.L. 113-31
approved Aug. 9, 2013)). The creation of the Section 8 program followed the
1960s development of several other programs that provided federally funded
rental housing via privately owned rentals, including Section 236 (low-income
families and seniors), Section 202 (elderly), and Section 221(d)(3) (families
with incomes above the public housing limits). See McCarty, supra note 17, at 4.
For the remainder of the 1970s, the focus of federal housing policy was
increasingly on Section 8 and the number of Section 8 units put under contract
dwarfed the number of public housing units created in the same period. "Public
housing averaged fewer than 37,000 reservations for new units of public housing
per year between 1975 and 1979, compared to an average of more than 275,000
reservations for new Section 8 assisted units per year over the same period."
Id. at 6. See also Von Hoffman, Contradictions, supra note 8, at 320.





n73.  Project-based Section 8 properties were often also developed and/or
purchased with the assistance of a federally subsidized mortgage, in which an
owner paid a low interest rate in exchange for an agreement to operate the
property as affordable housing for a set term. Nat'l Hous. Law Project, supra
note 28, § 1.51.





n74.  Id. The first project-based Section 8 subsidy contracts had terms of five
years, with longer-term renewals; properties funded after 1979 received initial
twenty-year subsidy contracts. Id.





n75.  See Nat'l Low Income Hous. Coal., 2011 Advocates' Guide to Housing &
Community Development Policy 164-6 5 (2011), available at http://nlihc.
org/sites/default/files/2011-Advocates-Guide.pdf.





n76.  See Letter from Hous. Justice Network to U.S. Sec'y of Hous. & Urban Dev.
Shaun Donovan, supra note 57, at 158 (referencing the "now decades-long struggle
to protect the privately-owned HUD-assisted stock from attrition . ...").





n77.  The program is currently known as the Housing Choice Voucher Program
(HCVP). See Nat'l Low Income Hous. Coal., 2012 Advocates' Guide To Housing And
Community Development Policy 103-04 (2012), available at
http://nlihc.org/sites/default/files/2012-Advocates-Guide_0.pdf. To avoid
drowning the reader in acronyms - an occupational hazard in federally subsidized
housing - this Article will simply refer to the voucher program or tenant-based
voucher program.





n78.  U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urban Dev., Worst Case Housing Needs 2009: Report to
Congress 1, 59 (2011) [hereinafter Worst Case Housing Needs].





n79.  See Nat'l Low Income Hous. Coal., supra note 77, at 103-04.





n80.  McClure, supra note 1, at 1.





n81.  Nat'l Low Income Hous. Coal., supra note 77, at 121-23; Lento, supra note
64, at 217-19.





n82.  See, e.g., Lento, supra note 64, at 217-21.





n83.  In order to take advantage of the tax credit, the ownership entity must
pay taxes. See id. at 231-34. Ownership of an LIHTC property is typically
structured so that the for-profit investor has a ninety-nine percent ownership
interest in the property. Id. at 232. The original "owner" - often a non-profit
- retains a minimal ownership interest but operates as general manager. Id. at
233.





n84.  Id. at 221.





n85.  LIHTCs are often used in the renovation or rehabilitation of existing
affordable housing properties, and many thus receive the benefit of an existing
project-based subsidy. The program itself, however, neither requires nor
provides any rental subsidy. Many low-income tenants are able to afford to live
in an LIHTC property only if they already hold a tenant-based voucher. See Nat'l
Low Income Hous. Coal., supra note 77, at 121-22.





n86.  HUD Circular, A Homeownership Program for Low-Income Families, 1 (Dec. 17,
1968) (on file with author) ("Through this plan, low-income persons are able to
experience the pride of homeownership and the sense of responsibility and status
which is associated with such ownership."); Jane Lehman, Bush Administration
Accused of Leaving Rental Aid for Poor "Out in the Cold', Wash. Post., Apr. 7,
1990, at F3 (quoting U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urban Dev. Jack Kemp as supporting a
public housing ownership plan because "(t)he most universal aspiration of people
is to have that white picket fence, that equity in the system.").





n87.  Peter J. Ferrara, The Department of Housing and Urban Development, in
Mandate for Leadership II: Continuing the Conservative Revolution 116 (Stuart M.
Butler et al. eds., 1984) ("The government would benefit financially since it
would no longer be responsible for operating and maintenance subsidies for sold
buildings.").





n88.  The first homeownership program, Turnkey III, was enacted administratively
by HUD in 1968. HUD Circular, supra note 85. Households would start as tenants
and convert to home-buyer status after meeting a goal of putting $ 200 into a
reserve fund. Id. at 2. The tenants/homeowners would pay twenty percent of their
income toward the purchase of the home, and they would be assisted with ongoing
federal payments. Id. at 5-6. It was anticipated that the tenant/homeowners
would take title to the home after twenty-five years. Id. at 10. A similar
program, known as Section 5(h), was enacted in the mid-1970s. See Low Rent
Housing Homeownership Opportunities, 24 C.F.R. § 904 (2011) (originally enacted
as 24 C.F.R. Part 1270, 39 Fed. Reg. 10964 (Mar. 22, 1974)).





n89.  President's Comm'n on Hous., The Report of the President's Commission on
Housing 39 (1982). The report found operating expenses increased 217 percent
between 1969 (the enactment of income-based rents) and 1980. Id. at 32. It also
asserted public housing "has provided housing of last resort for people with
special difficultly locating adequate, affordable housing in the private market,
particularly large families, single-parent families, and minority families." Id.
at 35. A report by the Heritage Foundation at the time, known as the Mandate for
Leadership II, proposed that the federal government get out of the public
housing business altogether. See Ferrara, supra note 87, at 113-17. A 1988
report by the President's Commission on Privatization included similar
recommendations, including transferring public housing units - and in some cases
entire developments - to tenants. See President's Comm'n on Privatization,
Privatization: Toward More Effective Government xv-xvi (1988) [hereinafter
Privatization].





n90.  Several bills were proposed in Congress in the mid-1980s to encourage the
sale of public housing units to tenants but were never enacted. Urban Homestead
Act of 1984, H.R. 6317, 98th Cong. (1984); Homestead Act of 1984, S. 3030, 98th
Cong. (1984); Urban Homestead Act of 1986, H.R. 4628, 99th Cong (1986). Congress
successfully passed programs in the late 1980s and 1990s to incentivize
homeownership, but they experienced limited success. In 1987, Congress
authorized resident management corporations with three years of successful
experience in managing a project to purchase multi-family buildings. See 42
U.S.C. § 1437s(a)(1) (West, Westlaw through P.L. 113-31 approved Aug. 9, 2013).
The program sunset in 1991. Id. § 1437s(a)(3)(C). Congress enacted the HOPE I
program in 1990 as another iteration of public housing homeownership. See
Homeownership and Opportunity for People Everywhere Act of 1990, H.R. 4245,
101st Cong. (1990); 42 U.S.C. § 1437aaa-1-2 (West, Westlaw through P.L. 113-31
approved Aug. 9, 2013). No appropriations were made for HOPE I after 1994. Nat'l
Hous. Law Project, supra note 28, § 1.28. Finally, the Quality Housing and Work
Responsibility Act of 1998 (QHWRA) authorized a program known as Section 32,
largely patterned after the defunct Section 5(h) program, to sell existing units
to low-income families. Pub. L. No. 105-276, 112 Stat. 2461 (1998) (codified at
42 U.S.C. §§1437-1439 (West, Westlaw through P.L. 113-13 approved June 3,
2013)); 42 U.S.C § 1437z-4 (West, Westlaw through P.L. 113-31 approved Aug. 9,
2013); HUD Public Housing Homeownership Programs, 24 C.F.R. § 906 (amended
2003); see U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urban Dev., Programs of HUD 81 (2005).





n91.  William M. Rohe & Michael A. Stegman, Public Housing Homeownership
Demonstration Assessment i (1990).





n92.  Id. at xii.





n93.  Id. at xiii.





n94.  As Mel Martinez, HUD Secretary under George W. Bush, concluded, "While we
consider homeownership to be an important goal, we recognize that it is not an
option for everyone ... ." HUD's Fiscal Year 2003 Budget and Legislative
Proposals: Hearing Before the S. Comm. on Banking, Hous. & Urban Affairs, 107th
Cong. (2002) (statement of Mel Martinez, Sec'y of Hous. and Urban Dev.)
[hereinafter S. Comm. on Banking, Hous. & Urban Affairs, HUD's Fiscal Year 2003
Budget and Legislative Proposals].





n95.  Richard F. Muth, Public Housing: An Economic Evaluation 47-51 (1973)
(arguing that a rental certificate or voucher system would be more effective
than the public housing system).





n96.  See Stephen Barr, Combatants Square Off Over Survival of HUD, Wash. Post,
June 30, 1995, at A21; Catherine S. Manegold, Secretary Proposes Reshaping HUD
to Save It, N.Y. Times, Mar. 21, 1995, at 17. The idea of abolishing HUD had
been floated for some time before it gained political traction. See, e.g.,
Abolish HUD, New Republic, Aug. 21, 1989, at 7-8.





n97.  U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urban Dev., HUD's Reinvention: From Blueprint to
Action 15-16 (1995) [hereinafter HUD's Reinvention]. The proposal would also
require the demolition of severely distressed public housing units, as well as
those developments "that are so poorly located that they have no hope of
charging market rents high enough to cover costs even after the development is
rehabilitated." Id. at 16.





n98.  See Jenifer J. Curhan, The HUD Reinvention: A Critical Analysis, 5 B.U.
Pub. Int. L.J. 239, 244-45 (1995).





n99.  HUD's Reinvention, supra note 97, at 18.





n100.  Then-HUD Secretary Cisneros estimated the plan would save the government
$ 60 billion over five years. See Manegold, supra note 96, at 17. That claim was
controversial, and others argued the Reinvention plan would actually cost
significantly more than the existing public housing program. See Curhan, supra
note 98, at 245-49. The proposal also assumed an availability of affordable
units on the private market that tenants could rent with their certificates, an
assumption questioned by analysts. See id. at 251-52.





n101.  Charles J. Orlebeke, The Evolution of Low-Income Housing Policy, 1949 to
1999, 11 Housing Pol'y Debate 489, 515 (2000).





n102.  John C. Weicher, Privatizing Subsidized Housing 32 (1997).





n103.  Although some analysts at the time argued that the political wrangling of
the mid-1990s might "mark the beginning of the end for public housing in both
theory and practice," id. at 35, that prediction has not proved accurate.





n104.  See, e.g., Howard Husock, Atlanta's Public-Housing Revolution, 20 City
J., Autumn 2010, available at
http://www.city-journal.org/2010/20_4_atlanta-public- housing.html.





n105.  See, e.g., Legislative Proposals to Preserve Public Housing, Hearing
Before the Subcomm. on Hous. & Cmty. Opportunity of the House Comm. on Fin.
Servs, 111th Cong. 4 (2010) (statement of Rep. Maxine Waters, Chairwoman, H.
Subcomm. on Hous. & Cmty. Opportunity) ("The San Diego Housing Commission has
converted its entire stock of 1,366 public housing units to tenant-based
vouchers. And I am hearing more and more reports of public housing agencies
wanting to leave the program and serve tenants with vouchers.") [hereinafter H.
Subcomm. on Hous. & Cmty. Opportunity, Legislative Proposals to Preserve Public
Housing]; Kathy Lohr et al., Atlanta Housing Demolition Sparks Outcry, NPR, Mar.
10, 2008, http://www.npr.org/templates/transcript/tra
nscript.php?storyId=87964901 ("Since 1994, the city of Atlanta has been knocking
down dilapidated public housing projects to make way for mixed-income housing
.").





n106.  1992 Final Report of the National Commission on Severely Distressed
Public Housing, supra note 24, at 104-05, 130-32. Under the Commission's
recommendation, existing public housing - but not the underlying land - could be
sold to a limited partnership. Id. at 132. The partnership would utilize
available funding sources, including tax credits and private financing, to
rehabilitate the property. Id. The partnership would then lease the development
back (retaining ownership of the buildings for the time necessary to obtain the
benefits from the tax credits). Id. At the conclusion of the tax credit holding
period, the property would be sold either to the local government or to the
residents. Id.





n107.  For more information on the various ways public housing policy has
focused on the private sector, see Salsich, supra note 39, at 700-10.





n108.  Susan J. Popkin et al., A Decade of HOPE VI: Research Findings and Policy
Challenges 1 (2004).





n109.  Id. at 17 ("As HOPE VI evolved, the financing picture shifted
substantially, with the private sector taking on an unprecedented role."). HUD
also utilized FHA insurance "to stimulate private lending in neighborhoods that
had not witnessed new investment for decades." Id.





n110.  Megan Glasheen & Julie McGovern, Mixed-Finance Development: Privatizing
Public Housing Through Public/Private Development Partnerships, in Privatizing
Governmental Functions 9-62 (Deborah Ballati ed., 2001). The opinion noted,
however, that such relationships were a "significant departure from anything
that the Department has approved in the past." Id. at 9-62, 9-63.





n111.  Quality Housing and Work Responsibility Act of 1998, Pub. L. No. 105-276,
112 Stat. 2461 (1998) (codified at 42 U.S.C. §§1437-1439 (West, Westlaw through
P.L. 113-13 approved June 3, 2013)); HUD Funding for Public Housing
Modernization Report, supra note 15, at I-5.





n112.  See Cavanaugh, supra note 7, at 236. The Capital Fund Financing Program
allows a local government to leverage a portion of their annual capital fund
allocation. See United States Housing Act of 1937, ch. 896, § 9(d), 50 Stat. 888
(1937) (current version at 42 U.S.C.A. §§1437-1437BBB-9 (1999)) and 24 C.F.R. §
905.500 (2010). Over $ 3 billion has been leveraged through the program. See
supra note 35. The Operating Fund Financing Program similarly allows local
governments to leverage a portion of their annual operating subsidy. See United
States Housing Act of 1937 § 9(e); 24 C.F.R. § 990 (2005). Although QWHRA also
incorporated statutory authorization to leverage the public housing developments
themselves to facilitate private investment that statutory authority was not
embraced by HUD until 2010, when it issued regulatory guidance in the context of
RAD. See 42 U.S.C. § 1437z-2 (West, Westlaw through P.L. 113-31 approved Aug. 9,
2013); U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urban Dev., Public Housing Mortgage Program -
Proposed Notice for Comment (Jan. 2010), available at
http://www.hud.gov/offices/pih/programs/ph/capfund/prop-phmp-notice.pdf.





n113.  U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urban Dev., Press Release No. 10-112, HUD Awards
Six Housing Authorities $ 113.6 Million to Revitalize Public Housing, Transform
Surrounding Neighborhood (June 1, 2010).





n114.  Joint Ctr. for Hous. Studies of Harvard Univ., America's Rental Housing:
Meeting Challenges, Building on Opportunities 39 (2011) [hereinafter America's
Rental Housing: Meeting Challenges, Building on Opportunities].





n115.  Popkin et al., supra note 108, at 24. It is unclear what portion of the
leveraged funds was from private capital, as opposed to other government funding
sources. Id.





n116.  Much has been written about the impact the HOPE VI program has had on
public housing residents. See, e.g., Susan D. Bennett, Constructing the Social
Impact Statement to Measure the Full Cost to Public Housing Tenants of Urban
Renewal, in Affordable Housing and Public-Private Partnerships 129 (Nestor M.
Davidson & Robin Paul Mallow eds., 2009).





n117.  Popkin et al., supra note 108, at 47-49. Some studies suggest displaced
tenants "ended up in somewhat better neighborhoods." Id. at 29.





n118.  America's Rental Housing: Meeting Challenges, Building on Opportunities,
supra note 114, at 39. This is commonly referred to as "one for one
replacement."





n119.  See, e.g., Nat'l Hous. Law Project et al., False HOPE: A Critical
Assessment of the HOPE VI Public Housing Redevelopment Program (2002).





n120.  Nat'l Low Income Hous. Coal., 2013 Advocates' Guide to Housing and
Community Development Policy 84 (2013), available at
http://nlihc.org/sites/default/files/2013-NLIHC-Advocates-Guide.pdf. Choice
Neighborhoods is broader than HOPE VI and focuses on transforming entire
neighborhoods, not just distressed public housing developments. Id.





n121.  As one commentator noted, "The trend toward private-public partnerships
... seems unstoppable." Edson, supra note 11, at 7.





n122.  See U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urban Dev., Public Housing Reinvestment
Initiative (2003).





n123.  See Office of Mgmt. & Budget, Exec. Office of the President, Budget of
the United States Government, Fiscal Year 2004 - Appendix 521 (2003) (proposed
addition of § 9(o)(1) to the United States Housing Act of 1937, ch. 896, 50
Stat. 888); S. Comm. on Banking, Hous. & Urban Affairs, HUD's Fiscal Year 2003
Budget and Legislative Proposals, supra note 94 (statement of Sen. Reed) ("No
financial institution will lend to a public entity based upon appropriations
going forward because of the uncertainty in the appropriations process."); id.
(statement of Sec'y Mel Martinez) ("Section 8 has been a very dependable revenue
stream ... The private financing sector is used to funding Section 8
projects.").





n124.  Note that both PHRI and RAD incorporate resident choice proposals, which
permit public housing tenants to choose to move off of the property with a
tenant-based voucher. The choice angle is an important component of both
programs, but a detailed analysis of the risks and benefits of that aspect of
the program is beyond the scope of this Article.





n125.  Public Housing Reinvestment Initiative, supra note 122, at 1 ("If this
Nation is to make substantial and timely progress in improving living conditions
for residents, a new approach is necessary that does not rely solely on annual
appropriations.").





n126.  Statement by Secretary Mel Martinez before the U.S. House of
Representatives Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Veterans Affairs,
Housing and Urban Development, and Independent Agencies (Mar. 19. 2002),
available at http://archives.hud.gov/testimony/2002/test031902mm.cfm (noting
that PHRI "will unlock the value of public housing assets"); Departments of
Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development and Independent Agencies
Appropriations for Fiscal Year 2004: Hearing Before a Subcomm. of the Comm. on
Appropriations, 108th Cong. 45 (2003) (HUD written responses to questions
submitted by Sen. Bond) ("PHRI provides the means to leverage a PHA's greatest
asset - its housing stock and thus addresses required repairs across the entire
inventory of public housing.").





n127.  Revitalizing Public Housing: Hearing Before the Subcomm. on Hous. & Cmty.
Opportunity of the H. Fin. Servs. Comm., 108th Cong. (2003) (statement of
Michael Liu, Assistant Sec'y for Public and Indian Hous.) ("PHRI will introduce
a market test into public housing investment decisions and give PHAs access to
private capital when they adopt the same "asset management' principles that are
used in private sector real estate finance and management."); see also
Departments of Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development and
Independent Agencies Appropriations for Fiscal Year 2004: Hearing Before a
Subcomm. of the Comm. on Appropriations, 108th Cong. 16-17 (2003) (statement of
Mel Martinez, Sec'y of Hous. & Urban Dev.).





n128.  S. Comm. on Banking, Hous. & Urban Affairs, HUD's Fiscal Year 2003 Budget
and Legislative Proposals, supra note 94 (statement of Sen. Reed) ("I do not
know how many financial institutions would like to foreclose and operate public
housing with the kind of revenue streams that might be forthcoming from this
administration and succeeding administrations.").





n129.  See Office of Mgmt. & Budget, supra note 122, at 521 (proposed addition
of § 9(o)(3)(B)(iii) to the United States Housing Act of 1937, ch. 896, 50 Stat.
888).





n130.  See id.





n131.  See id. § 208(a)(o)(5); Departments of Veterans Affairs and Housing and
Urban Development and Independent Agencies Appropriations for Fiscal Year 2004:
Hearing Before a Subcomm. of the Comm. on Appropriations, 108th Cong. 17 (2003)
(statement of Mel Martinez, Sec'y of Hous. & Urban Dev.).





n132.  S. Rep. No. 107-222, at 30 (2002).





n133.  See Dennis W. Snook & E. Richard Bourdon, Cong. Research Serv., RL 31304,
Appropriations for FY2003: VA, HUD, and Independent Agencies 32 (2003); E.
Richard Bourdon & Paul J. Graney, Cong. Research Serv., RL 31804, Appropriations
for FY2004: VA, HUD, and Independent Agencies 13 (2004).





n134.  Rice & Sard, Decade of Neglect, supra note 37, at 15; U.S. Dep't of Hous.
& Urban Dev., FY2011 Budget, Congressional Justification for Estimates, Public
and Indian Housing, Public Housing Operating Fund L-1, L-7 (2010) ("This Budget
would fully fund the Operating Fund for only the second time since 2002... .
Prior to fiscal year 2010, funding levels have been short of eligibility,
greatly affecting service levels."); Operating Fund History 2000-2009, Council
of Large Pub. Housing Authorities,
http://www.clpha.org/operating_fund_history_2000-2009 (last visited Jan. 17,
2014); see also Stockard, supra note 37, at 243. Before 2003, Congress did
sometimes provide less in operating subsidies than required by the formula, but
"such prorations were intermittent and generally shallow." Sard & Fischer, supra
note 37, at 10.





n135.  Rice & Sard, Decade of Neglect, supra note 37, at 15; McCarty, supra note
17, at 33.





n136.  Rice & Sard, Budget Not Sufficient to Renew Rental Assistance, supra note
32, at 5. Some of the 2012 shortfall was made up by using operating reserves.
Id. Current figures indicate that public housing requires $ 4 to $ 5 billion
dollars per year in operating subsidies. HUD estimated the need for public
housing operating subsidies at $ 4.96 billion for 2012, and proposed meeting
that need through a combination of federal funding and existing operating
reserves. U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urban Dev., FY 2012 Budget Summary 35 (2011).
HUD requested $ 4.5 billion for public housing operations in the 2013 budget. FY
2013 Budget: Housing and Communities Built to Last, supra note 32, at 4.
Affordable housing advocates estimated the actual operating needs of the public
housing program under the Performance Funding System to be $ 5 billion. See Rice
& Sard, Budget Not Sufficient to Renew Rental Assistance, supra note 32, at 5.





n137.  The initial 2013 budget request was $ 500 million below the operations
needs of public housing. Rice & Sard, Budget Not Sufficient to Renew Rental
Assistance, supra note 32, at 5. The budget experienced further cuts due to the
2013 sequester. Rice, supra note 36, at 1, 9-10.





n138.  See, e.g., Stockard, supra note 37, at 243; Sard & Fischer, supra note
37, at 12-13; Nat'l Hous. Law Project, supra note 28, § 1.24.





n139.  Federal funding to help maintain and update public housing developments
first began in 1968. HUD Funding for Public Housing Modernization Report, supra
note 15, at I-6. The funding structure has gone through several iterations over
the years. Initially, local governments would apply "piecemeal" for needed
repairs or updates at specific public housing developments. Id. In 1980, the
Comprehensive Improvement and Assistance Program was enacted to allow
comprehensive rehabilitations of specific public housing developments. Id. at
I-6, I-7; Nat'l Hous. Law Project, supra note 28, §§1.17-1.18. In the late
1990s, modernization funds were rolled in the capital fund, which is subject to
annual appropriations. Id. § 1.18.





n140.  Between 1977 and 2001, Congress allocated almost $ 46 billion in public
housing modernization funds. Stegman, supra note 34, at 70. Congress typically
allocates around $ 2.5 billion annually for capital improvements in public
housing. Edson, supra note 11, at 6. HUD requested $ 2.07 billion in the FY2013
budget for the Public Housing Capital Fund, representing a level of $ 195
million over the appropriations of FY2012. FY2013 Budget: Congressional
Justification, supra note 29, at I-1.





n141.  The 1992 report of the National Commission on Severely Distressed Housing
found lack of sufficient federal appropriations a key factor in the poor
physical condition of some public housing developments. 1992 Final Report of the
National Commission on Severely Distressed Public Housing, supra note 24, at
3-5.





n142.  Epp, supra note 25, at 125 ("Between 1985 and 1991 severely distressed
developments with high modernization needs accounted for almost 20 percent of
the national needs but received only 7.6 percent of the total modernization
funding. At the same time, the developments with minimal needs, which also
represented 20 percent of the total stock, received almost 40 percent of the
modernization funding.").





n143.  HUD Funding for Public Housing Modernization Report, supra note 15, at
ES-5. HUD warned Congress that, "without full funding, some portion of the
existing public housing stock will not be upgraded to basic decent, safe and
sanitary condition." Id. at ES-6. In 1992, the National Commission on Severely
Distressed Housing estimated the cost to address the capital improvement needs
of the 86,000 severely distressed units alone at $ 5.6 billion. 1992 Final
Report of the National Commission on Severely Distressed Public Housing, supra
note 24, at 15. At the time of the report, there were 1.4 million public housing
units nationwide. Id. The Commission defined "severely distressed" public
housing by considering a number of factors, including distress of families
residing in the development, the serious crime rate in and around the
development, the physical state of the housing, and "barriers to managing the
environment." Id. at B-2.





n144.  Abt Assocs. 2000, supra note 38, at 2-3.





n145.  Abt Assocs. 2010, supra note 3, at v-vi.





n146.  Rice & Sard, Decade of Neglect, supra note 37, at 16.





n147.  Edson, supra note 11, at 6; American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of
2009, Pub. L. No. 111-5, 123 Stat. 115 (2010).





n148.  The physical condition of public housing units is a concern both for the
long-term preservation of the program and for the immediate impacts on the
health and safety of current tenants, as there are significant health concerns
attendant with poor housing conditions. See, e.g., Human Impact Partners et al.,
The Rental Assistance Demonstration Project: A Health Impact Assessment 7
(2012). According to one report, "more than 85 percent of public housing units
meet or exceed HUD's physical condition standards and at least 40 percent of
developments are considered physically excellent." Sard & Fischer, supra note
37, at 6.





n149.  H. Comm. on Fin. Servs., 2010 Hearing on Transforming Rental Assistance
Initiative, supra note 57, at 48 (written testimony of Shaun Donovan, Sec'y of
Hous. & Urban Dev.). See also H. Subcomm. on Hous. & Cmty. Opportunity,
Legislative Proposals to Preserve Public Housing, supra note 105 (statement of
Sandra Henriquez, Assistant Sec'y for Public Hous. & Indian Affairs) ("The
capital needs of our Nation's affordable federally assisted housing stock are
too substantial, and are too urgent for us to continue in this model.").





n150.  H. Comm. on Fin. Servs., 2010 Hearing on Transforming Rental Assistance
Initiative, supra note 57, at 48 (statement of Shaun Donovan, Sec'y of Hous. &
Urban Dev.).





n151.  FY2013 Budget Congressional Justifications, supra note 29, at I-2.





n152.  H. Subcomm. on Hous. & Cmty. Opportunity, Legislative Proposals to
Preserve Public Housing, supra note 149, at 1 (statement of Rep. Waters) ("Over
200,000 public housing units have been permanently lost since 1995. The City of
Atlanta has demolished all of its 25,000 public housing units. The San Diego
Housing Commission has converted its entire stock of 1,366 public housing units
to tenant-based vouchers. And I am hearing more and more reports of public
housing agencies wanting to leave the program and serve families with
vouchers."). As of July 2008, there were pending applications at HUD to sell or
demolish more than 16,000 public housing units. Sard & Fischer, supra note 37,
at 13.





n153.  It bears noting that the loss of units is likely also impacted by a
perception that the program is politically unpopular. While that is a difficult
impact to quantify, it is a clear factor in some decisions by politicians to
reduce or modify the existing public housing stock. See, e.g., Harvey Rice,
Critics Say New Galveston Mayor Can't Block Public Housing, Hous. Chron., July
2, 2012,
http://www.chron.com/news/houston-texas/article/Critics-say-new-Galveston-mayor-
can-t-block-3679982.php ("A new Galveston mayor was propelled into office 10
days ago by a vociferous anti-public housing vote fueled by cost concerns,
anti-government ideology and an undercurrent of racial and class animosity.").





n154.  See, e.g., Atlanta Soon to Be Housing Project-Free (CBS News television
broadcast July 28, 2009); Robbie Brown, Atlanta Is Making Way for New Public
Housing, N.Y. Times, June 21, 2009, at A16.





n155.  See, e.g., Lohr et al., supra note 105; Husock, supra note 104; Critics:
Atlanta's Blueprint to Change Public Housing Is Flawed (WTVR television
broadcast May 4, 2012); Susan J. Popkin et al., Urban Inst., Public Housing
Transformation and Crime: Making the Case for Responsible Relocation (2012).





n156.  Sard & Fischer, supra note 37, at 13 ("Faced year after year with
inadequate funding, many agencies have concluded that they can no longer sustain
some or all of their developments.").





n157.  See generally Nicholas Dagen Bloom, Public Housing That Worked: New York
in the Twentieth Century (2008).





n158.  Cara Buckley, Public Housing Repairs Can't Keep Pace With Need, N.Y.
Times, Oct. 25, 2010, at A1; Joe Stepansky, Public Housing Residents - One With
Her Mold Brush - Sue the City, N.Y. Times, The Local, Mar. 2, 2012,
http://fort-greene.thelocal.nytimes.com/2012/03/02/public-housing-
residents-%E2%80%94-one-with-her-mold-brush-%E2%80%94-sue-the-city/.





n159.  Buckley, supra note 158. The New York City Housing Authority recently
proposed a plan to build private apartments on land related to public housing
developments (such as parking lots and playgrounds) in an effort to raise funds
to make necessary repairs to public housing. See, e.g., Mireya Navarro, Tenants
Worried by Plans to Build Near City Projects, N.Y. Times, Mar. 12, 2013, at A16.





n160.  See, e.g., Sard & Fischer, supra note 37, at 2, 11.





n161.  See Crowley, supra note 60.





n162.  Worst Case Housing Needs, supra note 78, at 1. A renter has "worst case
needs" if the household pays more than one-half of the household income in rent.
Id. A very small percentage, 2.9% of worst case households, are so classified
because of "severely inadequate housing" that has "serious physical problems."
Id.





n163.  Id.





n164.  Id. at 5.





n165.  Id. at 10.





n166.  Megan Bolton, The Shrinking Supply of Affordable Housing, 2 Hous.
Spotlight (National Low Income Housing Coalition), Feb. 2012, at 1, available at
http://nlihc.org/sites/default/files/HousingSpotlight2-1.pdf.





n167.  Worst Case Housing Needs, supra note 78, at 3. Seventy-one percent of all
households with worst-case housing needs are extremely low income. Id.





n168.  Bolton, supra note 166, at 1.





n169.  Id. at 2. To put this in context, it may be helpful to consider income as
a function of the minimum wage. The full-time equivalent of the federal minimum
wage is $ 15,000 a year. Joint Ctr. for Hous. Studies of Harvard Univ., The
State of the Nation's Housing 2012, at 25 (2012). Between 2001 and 2010, "the
number of renters earning $ 15,000 or less (in real terms) grew by 2.2 million."
Id. Over the same time period, the number of adequate units affordable to that
population shrank by 470,000. Id.





n170.  See McClure, supra note 1, at 1; Worst Case Housing Needs, supra note 78,
at 3.





n171.  Worst Case Housing Needs, supra note 78, at 3. A recent point-in-time
study counted 649,917 homeless individuals on a single day in 2010. U.S. Dep't
of Hous. & Urban Dev., The 2010 Annual Homeless Assessment Report to Congress i
(2011).





n172.  Joint Ctr. for Hous. Studies of Harvard Univ., supra note 169, at 25.





n173.  Id. at 2426. This experience is also reflected on the local level. See
Jenny Reed, D.C. Fiscal Policy Inst., Disappearing Act: Affordable Housing Is
Vanishing Amid Sharply Rising Housing Costs (2012) (finding that rents in the
District of Columbia rose fifty percent beyond inflation between 2000 and 2010).





n174.  McClure, supra note 1, at 1; 1992 Final Report of the National Commission
on Severely Distressed Public Housing, supra note 24, at 15.





n175.  HUD Resident Characteristics Report, U.S. Dep't of Hous. and Urban Dev.,
https://pic.hud.gov/pic/RCRPublic/rcrmain.asp (follow "National" hyperlink; then
follow "Household" hyperlink); H. Comm. on Fin. Servs., 2010 Hearing on
Transforming Rental Assistance Initiative, supra note 57, at 46 (written
testimony of Shaun Donovan, Sec'y of U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urban Dev.).





n176.  FY2013 Budget Congressional Justifications, supra note 29, at I-15.
Twenty-seven percent of public housing households are characterized as disabled,
and thirty-one percent are characterized as elderly. Id. Forty-six percent of
households contain only one member, and the average family size is 2.2 members.
Id.





n177.  Id.





n178.  Id.





n179.  Sard & Fischer, supra note 37, at 4-5. The average gross income of a
public housing household is a mere $ 13,427, and the average payment is $ 315 a
month. FY2013 Budget Congressional Justifications, supra note 29, at I-15.





n180.  See, e.g., U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urban Dev., Waiting in Vain: An Update
on America's Rental Housing Crisis (1999). Even in the late 1990s, wait lists in
large jurisdictions had "grown to extreme proportions," with wait times of ten
years in Newark and Los Angeles, eight years in New York City, seven years in
Houston, and five years in Washington D.C., and Cleveland. Id. at 7-8.





n181.  Rice & Sard, Decade of Neglect, supra note 37, at 4.





n182.  Human Impact Partners et al., supra note 148, at 3.





n183.  For example, Dallas recently saw 21,000 applications for 5000 spots on a
wait list; in Plano, Texas, 8000 people applied for 100 housing vouchers;
Cleveland has a wait list of 11,000 households for its public housing program.
Patrick Markee, The Deep Freeze in Housing Aid: In a Crisis of Historic Scope,
the Government is Slashing, Not Upping, Its Housing Budget, The Nation, Jan. 2,
2012, at 25, 26. Dearborn, Michigan, reported 1233 names on a wait list for only
ninety-six vouchers. Molly Tippen, Dearborn Section 8 Housing Applicants
Outnumber Vouchers 10 to 1, Dearborn Patch, June 25, 2012,
http://dearborn.patch.com/groups/politics-and-elections/p/demand-for-housing
-subsidies-far-outstrips- availability. The District of Columbia, which
long-maintained an open wait list, ultimately closed the list when the number of
applicants on its wait list for public housing and tenant-based vouchers
approached 70,000. See Aaron Weiner, Sorry We're Closed: Housing Authority Wait
List Is Suspended, Wash. City Paper, Apr. 12, 2013, http://www.washingtoncit
ypaper.com/blogs/housingcomplex/2013/04/12/sorry-were-closed-housing
-authority-wait-list-is-suspended/. The housing authority previously calculated
it would take thirty-four years to clear the wait list in some need categories.
See D.C. Hous. Auth., D.C. Housing Authority Wait List (2012). When East Point,
Georgia, opened its wait list for federal vouchers for the first time since
2002, 30,000 people showed up on a single day, and dozens were injured in the
resulting melee. Craig Schneider & Tammy Joyner, Housing Crisis Reaches Full
Boil in East Point; 62 Injured, Atlanta J.-Const., Aug. 11, 2010,
http://www.ajc.com/news/news/local/housing
-crisis-reaches-full-boil-in-east-point-62-/nQjJr/.





n184.  McClure, supra note 1, at 1. The number does not include 1.67 million
units developed with the assistance of low-income-housing tax credits. Id. Those
units typically have rents set at thirty to sixty percent of area median income
and are thus not affordable to low-income renters without the assistance of
another subsidy such as a tenant-based voucher. See id.





n185.  The potential loss of units is an issue both in public housing and other
programs, such as project-based Section 8. Of the project-based HUD-housing
stock (which includes public housing), 700,000 units were lost between 1995 and
2009. America's Rental Housing: Meeting Challenges, Building on Opportunities,
supra note 114, at 5. The potential loss of units is particularly acute in the
project-based Section 8 program, where private owners are able to opt out of the
program at the conclusion of a subsidy contract. See 42 U.S.C. § 1437(f)(c)(8)
(West, Westlaw through P.L. 113-31 approved Aug. 9, 2013). Private owners often
opt out when the surrounding area gentrifies. See Rice & Sard, Decade of
Neglect, supra note 37, at 17 ("Some properties have appreciated greatly in
value since the owners first agreed to participate in the program ... . As a
result, some owners face ... strong financial incentives to convert their units
to private-market use."). The project-based Section 8 program has experienced
significant losses of units, and 360,000 units were lost between 1995 and 2008.
Id.





n186.  See, e.g., Howard Husock, America's Trillion-Dollar Housing Mistake: The
Failure of American Housing Policy (2003); Howard Husock, Reinventing Public
Housing, Wash. Times, Nov. 8, 2010,
http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2010/nov/8/reinventing-public-housing/
?page=all.





n187.  See, e.g., Husock, supra note 186; H. Subcomm. on Hous. & Cmty.
Opportunity, Legislative Proposals to Preserve Public Housing, supra note 105
(statement of Rep. Emanuel Cleaver) ("Since the Housing Act of 1937, we have had
few defeats in domestic policy to match the defeats we have experienced in
public housing.").





n188.  The massive high-rise public housing tower racked with crime and drugs is
a thing of the past, as most high-rise towers have been demolished. See, e.g.,
Jerry Adler, Toppling Towers, Newsweek, Nov. 4, 1996, at 70. As of 2008, outside
of New York City, only 48,000 public housing units are located in large family
projects. Sard & Fischer, supra note 37, at 6. This number excludes New York
City, because the majority of its housing units are necessarily located in
high-rise structures. Id.; see Bloom, supra note 157, at 45.





n189.  See, e.g., H. Subcomm. on Hous. & Cmty. Opportunity, Legislative
Proposals to Preserve Public Housing, supra note 105, at 4 (statement of Rep.
Maxine Waters, Chairwoman, H. Subcomm. on Hous. & Cmty. Opportunity) ("Public
housing is more effective than vouchers at serving low-income families in areas
with a limited supply of affordable housing, low participation rates in the
voucher program, and high rates of gentrification."). Studies have found that
tenants with vouchers have high levels of housing instability. Human Impact
Partners et al., supra note 148, at 8.





n190.  Even in jurisdictions with source-of-income discrimination laws, tenants
with vouchers often have difficulty passing credit checks or other requirements
common on the private market. See Equal Rights Ctr., Still in Search of Decent
Housing: A Five Year Reflection on Discrimination Against Housing Choice Voucher
Holders in the District of Columbia 3, 4 (2011) (finding that twenty-six percent
of tested landlords refused to accept vouchers, and thirty-five percent enacted
barriers that barred most voucher holders).





n191.  Tenants can pay up to forty percent of their income in rent and utility
costs when they initially rent an apartment with a voucher. See Nat'l Hous. Law
Project, supra note 28, at § 3.2.2.3.1. The program permits tenants to pay even
higher percentages of income in rent if they remain in a unit and the rent
increases. See id.





n192.  See, e.g., H. Subcomm. on Hous. & Cmty. Opportunity, Legislative
Proposals to Preserve Public Housing, supra note 105, at 5 (statement of Rep.
Maxine Waters, Chairwoman, H. Subcomm. on Hous. & Cmty. Opportunity).





n193.  The government has utilized the voucher program to create some limited
project-based housing through the PBV program. PBV was first authorized in 1988
under the Quality Housing and Work Responsibility Act of 1988, and the program
was substantially revised in 2002. See Quality Housing and Work Responsibility
Act of 1998, Pub. L. No. 105-276, 112 Stat. 2461 (codified at 42 U.S.C.§§1437-
1439 (West, Westlaw through P.L. 113-13 approved June 3, 2013); Act of October
27, 2000, Pub. L. No. 106-377 (amending United States Housing Act of 1937, ch.
896, § 8(o)(13), 50 Stat. 888 (codified at 42 U.S.C. § 1437f(o)(13)). Under PBV,
a local government can attach a limited portion (twenty percent) of its existing
pool of tenant vouchers to designated units to create project-based housing. See
24 C.F.R. § 983.6 (2005). Only twenty-five percent of any particular building
can obtain project-based subsidies through PBV in an attempt to facilitate
mixed-income developments. See 24 C.F.R. § 983.56 (2005).





n194.  America's Rental Housing: Meeting Challenges, Building on Opportunities,
supra note 114, at 38.





n195.  Epp, supra note 25, at 122; Econsult Corp., supra note 51, at 4.





n196.  See H. Comm. on Fin. Servs., 2010 Hearing on Transforming Rental
Assistance Initiative, supra note 57, at 47-48 (written testimony of Shaun
Donovan) ("It is far more costly to build new units than to preserve existing
affordable housing.").





n197.  See, e.g., Danilo Pelletiere et al., Housing Assistance for Low Income
Households: States Do Not Fill the Gap 4-9 (2008).





n198.  The cost of providing shelter and related social services to the homeless
population is significant. See Nat'l Alliance to End Homelessness, Chronic
Homelessness 1, 3-4 (2007) (estimating that chronically homeless individuals use
$ 42,000 in public resources each year). Any increase in the homeless population
imposes additional costs; when the District of Columbia faced an increase in
family homelessness, it was forced to pay over a million dollars to house
homeless families in hotels. See Lydia DePillis, With Shelters Over Capacity,
City Housing 200 Families in Motels, Wash. City Paper, Feb. 14, 2012,
http://www.washingtoncitypaper.com/blogs/housingcomple x/2012/02/14/city-now-
housing-200-families-in-motels/.





n199.  See Letter from Hous. Justice Network, supra note 57.





n200.  National Housing Law Project, HUD Introduces Transformation of Rental
Assistance Proposals, 40 Housing L. Bull. 73, 73 n.1 (Mar. 2010) ("An additional
$ 2.5 billion per year for the public housing backlog would amount to only
two-thirds of one-tenth of 1% of the Administration's overall proposed budget
for FY 2011.").





n201.  Edson, supra note 11, at 5; American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of
2009, Pub. L. No. 111-5, 123 Stat. 115, 214 (2010). The $ 4 billion in stimulus
funds represented only a "drop in the bucket" of what was needed. H. Subcomm. on
Hous. & Cmty. Opportunity, Legislative Proposals to Preserve Public Housing,
supra note 105, at 1 (statement of Rep. Maxine Waters, Chairwoman, H. Subcomm.
on Hous. & Cmty. Opportunity).





n202.  Econsult Corp., supra note 51, at 2. The study estimated that every $ 1
spent by the government spurred "an additional $ 2.12 of indirect and induced
economic activity ... ." Id.





n203.  The RAD pilot program includes no such increase in appropriations. See
infra note 221. Any expansion of the program, however, will necessarily require
additional appropriations to be successful.





n204.  Sard & Fischer, supra note 37, at 24. Transactional costs may include
things such as "legal, appraisal, and accounting fees ... ." Id.





n205.  Id. Although the federal government pays interest on its debts, the
interest rate is significantly lower than rates on the private lending market.
Id.





n206.  See Rice & Sard, Budget Not Sufficient to Renew Rental Assistance, supra
note 32, at 1; Markee, supra note 183 ("Congress recently slashed the federal
housing agency's budget by $ 3.8 billion.").





n207.  See H. Comm. on Fin. Servs., 2010 Hearing on Transforming Rental
Assistance Initiative, supra note 57, at 48 (statement of Shaun Donovan, Sec'y
of U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urban Dev.) ("Given the size of the federal deficit and
the challenges we've inherited, it's clear the Federal government alone will not
be able to provide the funds needed to bring properties up to date and preserve
them for the next generation. We will do our part, but we will need partners to
supply the capital needed.").





n208.  Eric Toder et al., Reforming the Mortgage Interest Deduction 1 (2010).





n209.  Ctr. on Budget and Policy Priorities, HUD Program Funding for FY 2012 1-2
(Nov. 18, 2011), http://www.cbpp.org/files/11-18-11-IPmemoHUDapprops.pdf.





n210.  Id. at 5-6.





n211.  Abt Assocs. 2010, supra note 3, at v.





n212.  See Christopher Howard, The Hidden Side of the American Welfare State,
108 Pol. Sci. Q. 403, 405, 416 (1993).





n213.  See id.; Roberta F. Mann, Back to the Future: Recommendations and
Predictions for Greener Tax Policy, 88 Or. L. Rev. 355, 361-66 (2009); Toder et
al., supra note 208, at 1-2; Robert Carroll et al., Costs and Benefits of
Housing Tax Subsidies (2011); Paul Sullivan, Despite Critics, Mortgage Deduction
Resists Change, N.Y. Times, Nov. 9, 2011, at F4.





n214.  See Marcuse, supra note 9, at 32 ("What the private housing market has
accomplished for many Americans - and it is quite a bit - it has accomplished
with the support of very extensive governmental action.").





n215.  The estimated real estate value of the public housing stock has been
valued at between $ 90 billion and $ 145 billion. See Epp, supra note 25, at
122; Econsult Corp., supra note 51.





n216.  See McCarty, supra note 17, at 35.





n217.  See Popkin et al., supra note 108, at 24.





n218.  U.S. Dep't Hous. & Urban Dev., FY 2013 Program and Budget Initiatives,
Rental Assistance Demonstration 1 (2012) ("RAD is a budget neutral solution to
begin to address the pressing needs of the affordable housing inventory.").





n219.  As one senator noted when Congress considered PHRI in 2002: "On the
surface, it looks like a way to draw in additional capital. But what would
happen if - how would you service the mortgage? You'd have to build the cost of
servicing the mortgage either into the rents, or you'd have to get some sort of
grant year by year from the federal government in order to service the mortgage.
Wouldn't that be the case?" S. Comm. on Banking, Hous. & Urban Affairs, HUD's
Fiscal Year 2003 Budget and Legislative Proposals, supra note 94 (statement of
Sen. Paul Sarbanes, Chairman, S. Comm. on Banking, Hous. & Urban Affairs).





n220.  The use of LIHTC may mitigate the amount of debt a property requires, but
it is expected that most properties will incur some debt obligation and need to
repay ongoing debt service.





n221.  Congress refused to provide any additional funds for the pilot RAD
program. Although HUD has tweaked the program to try to give local governments
some limited ability to increase rents, in the absence of new funds, converted
properties will largely remain tied to a term contract that is close to their
current subsidy allocation. See Revised RAD Guidance PIH 2012-32 REV-1, supra
note 2, at 16-19. That likely means that properties that enroll in the pilot
program will be those that are in decent physical condition and can support
relatively high rents. Any expansion of the program beyond the pilot will
require additional funds in appropriations to support conversions.





n222.  See Sard & Fischer, supra note 37, at 24.





n223.  Letter from Hous. Justice Network, supra note 57, at 160 ("In order to
support the new annual debt load, these increased appropriations would need to
be maintained every year. By allowing agencies to borrow against public housing,
the TRA program thus creates a somewhat rigid situation in which any increase in
federal funding must be sustained consistently for the term of the loan ... .
One can only assume that the more expensive the TRA program ultimately costs,
the greater threat there is that a future Congress at some point may even
temporarily reduce funding, thus leading to the harmful consequences discussed
under the "Foreclosure Risk' section.").





n224.  America's Rental Housing: Meeting Challenges, Building on Opportunities,
supra note 114, at 39.





n225.  H. Comm. on Fin. Servs., 2010 Hearing on Transforming Rental Assistance
Initiative, supra note 57, at 6 (statement of Shaun Donovan, Sec'y of Hous. &
Urban Dev.).





n226.  Id.





n227.  Of course, any subsidy contract is necessarily subject to appropriations.
Experience in other term subsidy programs, however, shows that Congress tends to
satisfy those term contracts, even if they do so with some delays.





n228.  Revised RAD Guidance PIH-2012-18 REV-1, supra note 2, § 1.4, at 21 ("One
of the main purposes of RAD is to demonstrate how the conversion of current
assistance to ... rental assistance contracts can generate access to private
debt and equity to address immediate and long-term capital needs through
rehabilitation.").





n229.  See, e.g., Letter from the Nat'l Low Income Hous. Coal. to Regulations
Div., Office of Gen. Counsel, U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urban Dev. (Apr. 23, 2012)
(on file with author); Letter from CLPHA and Reno & Cavanaugh PLLC to
Regulations Div., Office of Gen. Counsel, U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urban Dev. (Apr.
23, 2012) (on file with author).





n230.  Revised RAD Guidance PIH-2012-32 REV-1, supra note 2, § 1.6(A)(2), at 32.





n231.  It is also likely that a long-term subsidy on only half of the units
would add uncertainty regarding ongoing rent revenues at the property and could
make it more difficult to obtain private financing on that property. See Letter
from CLPHA and Reno & Cavanaugh PLLC, supra note 229, at 16.





n232.  Tenant-based vouchers are distinct from the PBV program as they represent
a housing subsidy that is tied to a household, rather than a unit. If the
household moves, the tenant-based voucher moves, as well, and the unit ceases to
be affordable. For more information on the tenant-based voucher program, see
supra Part II.a.i.2. The logistics of funding only half of the property are
unclear in either the proposed or final notice, and it is not certain that such
vouchers would be forthcoming. Another alternative is to relocate the tenants to
public housing units in different developments. Either option results in a net
loss of public housing units.





n233.  Revised RAD Guidance PIH 2012-32 REV-1, supra note 2, § 1.6(A)(2), at 32.





n234.  Id.; 24 C.F.R. § 983.56 (2005). The requirement regarding supportive
services is problematic because many families do not require supportive
services, and local governments typically do not have the means to pay for
additional services. See Letter from CLPHA and Reno & Cavanaugh PLLC, supra note
229, at 15-16; Letter from the Nat'l Low Income Hous. Coal., supra note 229, at
2.





n235.  Dep't of Hous. & Urban Dev., Rental Assistance Demonstration: Final
Program Notice, 77 Fed. Reg. 43,850, 43,851 (July 26, 2012) ("Grandfathers
current residents from any requirement to receive supportive services in a
property converting assistance to PBVs.").





n236.  The PBV program is a current program that is utilized across the country.
The alternate funding stream, the project-based section 8 program, was the
primary source of privately owned project-based units from the mid-1970s until
1983. See supra Part II.a.i. No funds have been appropriated for new units under
that program, however, since 1983. Neither HUD nor local governments have any
recent experience utilizing the program to create new developments, and there is
some uncertainty as to how and whether the regulatory structure will function in
the context of RAD conversions. See Letter from CLPHA and Reno & Cavanaugh PLLC,
supra note 229, at 15-17.





n237.  See Letter from CLPHA and Reno & Cavanaugh PLLC, supra note 229, at 7,
15-17.





n238.  H. Comm. on Fin. Servs., 2010 Hearing on Transforming Rental Assistance
Initiative, supra note 57, at 5-6 (statements of Rep. Barney Frank and Shaun
Donovan, U.S. Sec'y of Hous. & Urban Dev.).





n239.  See, e.g., id. at 5 (statement of Rep. Barney Frank) ("So that is what
concerns me ... . You anticipate under this, you could wind up with a
foreclosure and a private ownership of public housing. Are they then required to
maintain this public housing in perpetuity? Does a tenant or anyone else have
the same constitutional rights vis-a-vis that owner in the municipalities? ...
What is the status of a potential private owner of public housing?"). When
satisfactory answers to those questions were not immediately forthcoming,
several members of Congress pronounced the program too risky to proceed. Id. at
36 (statement by Rep. Barney Frank) ("If the price of accessing private capital
is to put public ownership at risk, that may be too high a price."); id. at 9
(statement by Rep. Maxine Waters, Chairwoman, H. Subcomm. on Hous. & Cmty.
Opportunity) ("I just want you to know that I consider this experiment to be
very dangerous ... . I am not about to be a part of privatizing public housing
."); Frank Says He Can't Support HUD's Transforming Rental Assistance Plan
Because of Risk to Public Housing, supra note 59.





n240.  See, e.g., Phil Oliff et al., States Continue to Feel Recession's Impact
1 (2012).





n241.  America's Rental Housing: Meeting Challenges Building on Opportunities,
supra note 114, at 13-14. The impacts of the foreclosure crisis began to
negatively impact tenants in 2007. See Danilo Pelletiere, Nat'l Low Income Hous.
Coal., Renters in Foreclosure: Defining the Problem, Identifying Solutions 3
(2009). Many state laws provided minimal protections of their tenancies in the
event of foreclosure, and many renters were displaced through no fault of their
own. See, e.g., Nat'l Law Ctr. on Homelessness & Poverty, Without Just Cause: A
50-State Review of the (Lack of) Rights of Tenants in Foreclosure (2009).
Congress ultimately passed the Protecting Tenants at Foreclosure Act in 2009 to
give tenants of foreclosed properties some protections, including requiring new
owners to respect existing leases. See, e.g., Protecting Tenants at Foreclosure
Act of 2009, Pub. L. No. 111-22,§§701-703, 123 Stat. 1632, 1660 (codified at 12
U.S.C.§§5201 note, 5220 note (2008)); America's Rental Housing: Meeting
Challenges, Building on Opportunities, supra note 114, at 14.





n242.  These include a prohibition on variable interest rate loans and the
limitation on some loans that require balloon payments. See Revised RAD Guidance
PIH-2012-32 REV-1, supra note 2, § 1.4(B)(1).





n243. " The primary reason that foreclosure is a concern is that the borrowing
contemplated by the TRA program can only be repaid if annual Congressional
appropriations are increased and sustained at least for the term of the debt."
Letter from Hous. Justice Network, supra note 57, at 155. "Underfunding, coupled
with the granting of a security interest to a third-party with the right to sell
off the property in the event of default, exacerbates that threat." Id.
(emphasis in original). There are other potential reasons a foreclosure could
occur, such as financial mismanagement. Id.





n244.  Growing Reports of a Project-Based Section 8 Funding Crisis as FY 2007
Closes, 37 Housing L. Bull. 149, 149 (2007); Congress Considers Solutions for
the Project-Based Section 8 Funding Crisis, 38 Housing L. Bull. 87, 87 (2008);
Congress Acts to Address Project-Based Section 8 Funding Crisis, 38 Housing. L.
Bull. 213, 213 (2008).





n245.  See U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urban Dev., Fiscal Year 2013 Program and Budget
Initiatives: Affordable Housing Rental Assistance 1 (2012); FY 2013 Budget:
Housing and Communities Built to Last, supra note 32, at 5. After an outcry by
affordable housing advocates and property owners, the contracts were ultimately
funded in full for FY2013. See Douglass Rice, Senate Funding Bill Improves on
President's Budget Request for Rental Assistance 4-5 (2012).





n246.  See Oversight of the Federal Housing Administration's Multifamily
Insurance Programs: Hearing Before the. Subcomm. on Ins., Hous. & Cmty.
Opportunity, 112th Cong. 5-7 (2012) (testimony of Michael Bodaken, President of
Nat'l Hous. Trust); Nat'l Low Income Hous. Coal., Project-Based Section 8
Housing 1 (2012).





n247.  Revised RAD Guidance PIH-2012-32 REV-1, supra note 2, § 1.4(B)(1).





n248.  Note that the final RAD guidance omitted language in the preliminary RAD
guidance that the Use Agreement be "designed to survive foreclosure." Compare
RAD Guidance PIH-2012-32 (HA), supra note 2, at 12, with PIH-2012-18 (HA), supra
note 70, at 11. As the Use Agreement is recorded in first position, however, the
foreclosing entity should take the property subject to the terms of the Use
Agreement. See U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urban Dev., Official HUD Response to Public
Comments Received on PHI Notice 2012-18 "Rental Assistance Demonstration -
Partial Implementation and Request for Comments" 31 (2012) ("The Use Agreement
will be recorded senior to any other liens, including mortgages, so a
foreclosure by one of those liens or mortgages will not affect the Use
Agreement, which will remain in force for its entire term.").





n249.  The authorizing statute provides "The Secretary shall offer and the owner
of the property shall accept renewal of the [subsidy] contract." Consolidated
and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2012, Pub. L. No. 112-55, 125 Stat.
672, 675222 (2011). See also Revised RAD Guidance PIH-2012-32 REV-1, supra note
2, §§1.6(B)(2), 1.7(A)(2). The guidance indicates that the "PHA shall accept"
contract renewal, but defines that term to include all owners of converted
public housing developments. Revised RAD Guidance PIH-2012-32 REV-1, supra note
2, §§1.6(B)(2), 1.7(A)(2), at 13.





n250.  Revised RAD Guidance PIH-2012-32 REV-1, supra note 2, § 1.6(B)(3).





n251.  Id. §§1.6(B)(7), 1.7(A)(8).





n252.  Id. at 34, 47-48.





n253.  See RAD Guidance PIH-2012-32, supra note 2, at 12.





n254.  Revised RAD Guidance PIH-2012-32 REV-1, supra note 2, at 37, 50-51.





n255.  Id. at 34-35, 47-48.





n256.  Id.





n257.  A subsidy contract could be terminated for a number of reasons, including
if the property failed housing conditions inspections or the owner otherwise
failed to comply with the contract terms. See, e.g., id. at 34, 47-48. The
subsidy contract could also be terminated due to a lack of appropriations.
Although HUD has in the past short-funded subsidy contracts, see supra Part
V.b.i., the total loss of RAD subsidy contracts due to complete lack of federal
funding is not currently a looming threat.





n258.  Id. at §§1.6(B)(4)(b), 1.7(A)(4)(b).





n259.  Id. at 34, 47-48.





n260.  Id.





n261.  FY2013 Budget Congressional Justifications, supra note 29, at I-15.





n262.  To illustrate the impact of the distinction, it is useful to consider the
area median income (AMI) of a particular location. The AMI for a family of four
in Minneapolis, Minnesota, is just over $ 83,000. FY2012 Income Limits Summary,
U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urban Dev.,
http://www.huduser.org/portal/datasets/il/il2012/2012summary.odn (last updated
Dec. 13, 2011). A family that is classified as extremely low-income (at or below
thirty percent of AMI) has an annual income of about $ 25,000. Id. The Use
Agreement requires only that properties be affordable for tenants at eighty
percent of AMI. In Minneapolis, that is an income of $ 65,000 annually. Id.
Further, it requires only that rents be set at thirty percent of eighty percent
of AMI. In English, this means that a property where most tenants have incomes
of less than $ 25,000 and were paying a portion of their income in rent could
now charge monthly rents of almost $ 2000.





n263.  Under the current public housing program, tenants' rents cover only about
forty percent of the operating costs. See Cavanaugh, supra note 7, at 231.





n264.  These skewed incentives could arise outside of the foreclosure context,
as well. If, for example, a property is threatened with the loss of the subsidy
contract due to poor condition, the owner is faced with a choice. The owner
could make the repairs required to maintain the subsidy contract and continue to
operate the property as deeply subsidized affordable housing. Alternatively, the
owner could do nothing, and the contract could well be terminated. If the
property is in a gentrifying area, the owner likely has a financial incentive to
see the subsidy contract terminated.





n265.  Although HUD has the authority in these circumstances to transfer the
subsidy contract to another property, it has not utilized that authority in any
meaningful way in the project-based Section 8 program.





n266.  It is possible that modifying the Use Agreement in this way could result
in a higher cost of lending, if it is perceived by lenders as increasing their
risk. HUD should consider alternative means to encourage lender participation
while incentivizing preservation, perhaps by embracing loan or other guarantees.





n267.  The RAD program acknowledges the potential benefits of FHA-insured loans
and recommends, but does not require, use of insured loans. Revised RAD Guidance
PIH-2012-32 REV-1, supra note 2, at 25.





n268.  See Letter from CLPHA and Reno & Cavanaugh PLLC, supra note 229.





n269.  FHA insurance could also make the concept of lending on a converted
public housing property more attractive to potential investors. See id. ("Active
and streamlined participation by FHA will be a crucial component of this
program.").





n270.  H. Comm. on Fin. Servs., 2010 Hearing on Transforming Rental Assistance
Initiative, supra note 57, at 139, 155.





n271.  HUD issued special guidance to attempt to overcome procedural hurdles
that would make it difficult for RAD properties to access FHA insurance. See
Revised RAD Guidance PIH-2012-32 REV-1, supra note 2, § 1.4(B)(4).





n272.  See H. Comm. on Fin. Servs., 2010 Hearing on Transforming Rental
Assistance Initiative, supra note 57, at 36 (statement of Rep. Barney Frank)
("There may be other ways to do this that may involve alternative guarantees.");
id. at 33 (statement of John B. Rhea, Chairman, New York City Hous. Auth.) ("Any
private market capital financing should be insured by the Federal Housing
Administration or should be subject to a government guarantee.").





n273.  Departments of Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development and
Independent Agencies Appropriations for Fiscal Year 2004, supra note 126, at 17
(statement of Mel Martinez, Sec'y of Hous. & Urban Dev.) ("The fiscal year 2004
budget enhances this proposal ... by also proposing a guarantee of up to 80
percent of the principal of loans made to provide the capital for PHRI.").





n274.  1992 Final Report of the National Commission on Severely Distressed
Public Housing, supra note 24, at 132.





n275.  H. Subcomm. on Hous. & Cmty. Opportunity, Legislative Proposals to
Preserve Public Housing, supra note 149, at 17 (statement of Rep. Marchant)
("But owning the land, you could do it on a 99-year lease. Owning the land, you
don't give up the kind of ownership, and you really have the control.").





n276.  As one preservation advocate summed it up: "Whatever strategy is
appropriate for a particular site, an almost universal principle is "Don't give
up the land.'" Stockard, supra note 37, at 254.





n277.  H. Comm. on Fin. Servs., 2010 Hearing on Transforming Rental Assistance
Initiative, supra note 57, at 12 (statement of Rep. Watt) ("I want to say
publicly that I have eminently good confidence in you in this Administration
making those decisions, but I tell you I wouldn't have had a hill of beans worth
of confidence in the last Secretary of HUD in the last Administration making
those same decisions.").





n278.  See, e.g., Federal Court Rules HUD Violated Federal Disposition Act, 34
Housing L. Bull. 229 (2004).





n279.  The property, East Hills Park, was a 140-unit low-income cooperative with
a project-based Section 8 contract with HUD. Kevin Quisenberry, HUD's Failure to
Preserve Subsidy in Multifamily Foreclosure Illegal, Third Circuit Holds and
Remands Regarding Displacement, 44 Clearinghouse Rev. 495, 495 (2011). When
Pittsburgh became interested in redeveloping the area, several developers were
"wary of investing in that neighborhood unless and until the physical and social
issues were resolved." Id. (quotation omitted). A HUD official was part of the
task force that concluded the property should be redeveloped with fewer rental
units. Id. That year, HUD claimed the cooperative technically defaulted on its
mortgage, suspended payments under the project-based Section 8 contract, and
ultimately foreclosed on the property. Id. Most tenants vacated the property in
response to continued pressure by HUD to move. Id. The remaining tenants sued,
and the Third Circuit ultimately held that HUD failed to comply with laws that
required it to maintain the rental subsidy. Id.; see Massie v. HUD, 620 F.3d 340
(3d Cir. 2010).





n280. " The TRA program will require a steadfast commitment to preservation from
HUD in the event of foreclosure. However, past experience with troubled
properties in the privately-owned, HUD-assisted context has demonstrated that
even the dictates of federal multifamily mortgage foreclosure law have not
prevented the attrition of critical use restrictions and termination of Section
8 contracts upon foreclosure." Letter from Hous. Justice Network, supra note 57,
at 156.





n281.  See, e.g., Nat'l Hous. Law Project, supra note 28, § 16.41-42; H. Comm.
on Fin. Servs., 2010 Hearing on Transforming Rental Assistance Initiative, supra
note 57, at 36 (statement of Rep. Frank, Chairman, H. Comm. on Fin. Servs.) ("I
worry about a situation in which units that are now owned publicly are
foreclosed upon and become privately owned. I think that raises serious issues
constitutionally of the diminution of rights you have against a public entity
versus a private entity.").





n282.  See Michele Estrin Gilman, Legal Accountability in an Era of Privatized
Welfare, 89 Calif. L. Rev. 569 (2001).





n283.  Legislation has previously been proposed to provide tenants in
project-based subsidized property a clear third-party beneficiary right of
enforcement. See Housing Preservation and Tenant Protection Act of 2010, H.R.
4868, 111th Cong. § 303 (2010). The bill was approved by the House Financial
Services Committee but failed to advance further.





n284.  Compare Holbrook v. Pitt, 643 F.2d 1261, 1271 (7th Cir. 1981) (holding
that tenants are third-party beneficiaries: "If the tenants are not the primary
beneficiaries of a program designed to provide housing assistance payments to
low income families, the legitimacy of the multi-billion dollar Section 8
program is placed in grave doubt."), and Ashton v. Pierce, 716 F.2d 56, 66 (D.C.
Cir. 1983) ("It is difficult to imagine any purpose of the contract other than
to benefit tenants of public housing."), with Velez v. Cisneros, 850 F. Supp
1257, 1277 (E.D. Pa. 1994) (disagreeing with Ashton v. Pierce and finding
tenants were not third-party beneficiaries); Perry v. Hous. Auth. of Charleston,
664 F.2d 1210 (4th Cir. 1981) (rejecting a third-party beneficiary claim and
finding tenants were only incidental beneficiaries).





n285.  See, e.g., Anderson v. D.C. Hous. Auth., 923 A.2d 853, 863 (D.C. 2007)
("HUD revised its HAP contracts to explicitly state that tenants are not
considered third party beneficiaries and are therefore not entitled to enforce
any provision of the HAP contract ... . Ms. Anderson's claim that she is
entitled to the HUD subsidy as a third-party beneficiary of the HAP contract
between DCHA and her landlord must be rejected on its face because of the plain
language in the HAP contract limiting her ability to claim such status.")
(emphasis in original).





n286.  See W. Bart Lloyd, Federal Preservation Efforts: A Bold Step Forward in
the Making?, 18 J. Affordable Housing & Community Dev. L. 389, 398 (2009).





n287.  See, e.g., Amended Complaint, Chi. ACORN v. U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urban
Dev. (2005) (No. 05C-3049), 2005 WL 2242070 (residents of a project-based
property in Chicago sued HUD to prevent termination of a subsidy contract after
foreclosure); Roundtree v. U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urban Dev., No. 5:09-cv-234-
Oc-10GRJ, 2009 WL 7414663 (M.D. Fla. Aug. 28, 2009) (tenants sued to prevent HUD
from terminating subsidy contract).


                             856 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           January 26, 2006 Thursday

HOUSING ADVOCATES SLAP SLUMLORDS' BANK

BYLINE: TOM TOPOUSIS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 199 words


Some of the city's worst slumlords have turned to a single bank to finance their
broken-down empires, a housing-advocacy group has found.

A report by Housing Here & Now identified 12 landlords included on the
Department of Housing Preservation and Development's "problem-owner list" as
financing their properties with mortgages from New York Community Bank.

"Some of the most run-down housing stock is financed by New York Community
Bank," said HHN director Julie Miles.

The bank in a prepared statement defended its record as the largest lender of
multifamily mortgages in the city.

"Over the past five years, we have financed well over $10 billion of loans to
local real-estate markets . . . We have been recognized . . . with an
'Outstanding' Community Reinvestment Act designation."

The report was released as New York Community Bank seeks state and federal
approval of its acquisition of Atlantic Bank of New York. Miles said housing
advocates have asked regulators to block the acquisition until NYCB "cleans up
its act."

The bank has issued $9.8 billion in mortgages to multi-family buildings in the
city. That would grow to more than $12 billion if the acquisition is approved.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             857 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                             April 24, 2015 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Divided council OKs apartment complex

BYLINE: Andra Lim American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 406 words


One of the first zoning cases handled by the new Austin City Council has finally
come to an end, after a failed last-ditch attempt to hit the brakes.

The council, in its third time hearing the case, gave final approval Thursday
for the highest-density multi-family zoning that will allow a developer to build
up to 300 high-end apartments along fast-changing Burnet Road near U.S. 183. The
property is currently occupied by Gordon Automotive.

The case highlighted the council's unwillingness to defer to Council Member
Leslie Pool, whose North Austin's District 7 contains the property, as members
rejected her suggested zoning on three separate occasions.

It also exposed a split between representatives who emphasized neighborhood
concerns and those who spoke of density as a way to breathe some relief into the
city's tight and unaffordable housing supply.

Pool proposed postponing the case so the council could consider an entirely
different type of zoning: commercial zoning with an overlay that would allow the
developer to take advantage of a city program that provides bonuses, such as
additional density and lighter parking requirements, in exchange for providing
affordable housing.

The developer would also have to provide what Pool called a "community benefit"
in the form of ground-floor retail or restaurants. Under that scenario, the
developer might be able to build around 225 or fewer units, city planning
manager Jerry Rusthoven said.

That zoning would provide more certainty that the development includes
affordable housing, and that housing could be accessible to those making 60
percent of the area's median family income, Pool said. The developer proposed
making 15 percent of the units affordable to those making 80 percent of the
area's median family income, but no requirement was included in the zoning.

Council Member Sheri Gallo said the project proposed by the developer would
address affordability by offering apartments below market rent - and by filling
a demand for modern housing in an area filled with older units.

After Pool's proposal died on a narrow vote, she and Council Members Kathie
Tovo, Ann Kitchen and Ora Houston voted against the multi-family zoning the
developer was seeking. "I was very disappointed... to see that they were not
able to come to some kind of middle ground, recognizing and respecting that
neighbors have rights too," Houston said.

Contact Andra Lim

at 512-445-3972.

Twitter: @AndraCLim

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                             858 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Concord Transcript (California)

                    February 24, 2000 Thursday FINAL EDITION

CITY TO PROBE MULTI-UNIT HOUSING;
COUNCIL WANTS TO ELIMINATE SUBSTANDARD HOUSING UNITS

BYLINE: Glenn Kaplan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 550 words


Concord City Council voted unanimously Tuesday night to adopt an amendment to
the Municipal Code establishing a mandatory inspection program for multi-family
housing units.

The ordinance is intended to proactively identify deteriorated Concord housing
structures in order to ensure the restoration or elimination of substandard
housing, as defined by various civic standards.

Inspections will cover all of the approximately 12,000 units located within city
limits at a cost of $346,000, partially offset by approximately $98,000 from
permit fees on structural repairs and revenue associated with reinspection
costs.

"Safe, clean housing is a crucial element to our city," said Hamid Pouya,
director of Building and Neighborhood Services, at the Feb. 22 council meeting.
"With this ordinance, the city will have the tools to respond positively to
negative housing conditions."

The ordinance will not only require uncaring landlords to shape up their units
and ensure their livability, but will also force delinquent owners to bear the
cost of tenant relocation if the rental unit is found to be unsafe to occupy.

The council noted that many tenants may fear retaliatory evictions when voicing
concerns over the condition of their apartment. The ordinance addresses this
concern and explicitly states that it is unlawful for a landlord to evict a
tenant for exercising his right pursuant to state law.

"In the past, if tenants were afraid to come forward and make complaints,
usually nothing happened," Councilman Mike Pastrick said. "Our current program
is broken, and this ordinance will fix it. It will give people the opportunity
to say, We are paying rent and we have a right to live where it's safe.'"

The new ordinance is intended to address life safety issues, problems that
directly affect the health of the residents. And council members noted that
while the majority of housing owners keep their units well-kept, a small but
noticeable minority have made this amendment necessary.

"There are a few bad apples spoiling it for everyone," said Vice Mayor Helen
Allen. "And they will be held accountable."

Many of the residents who spoke in favor of the amendment cited the problems
they often encountered with problematic landlords.

"Some owners take forever or even refuse to remedy a problem," said resident
Gregorgio Meneheca. "We work hard and we have a right to decent housing. Our
kids deserve clean, decent housing."

Those who spoke in opposition to the ordinance suggested that the city devote
the costs marked for the program to other housing programs. Others wanted more
accountability by the tenants.

"I'm concerned that (the council) is rushing into this, and I don't think this
is the right approach," said Merle Hall, a Concord property owner. "This is
designed for problems that existed five years ago. I'm concerned that the city
will be taking the property away from those owners who can't afford to fix their
properties."

Not so, said Councilman Mark Peterson.

"The owners who have a problem with this ordinance are those who are providing
substandard housing," he said. "This law will improve the safety of those who
live in the units and, in turn, the community as a whole."

The City Council next meets at 6:30 p.m., Tuesday, March 7.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Breakout-Concord City Council
Approved master agreements with Top Speed; Quest; ESRI; Net. Works; and Masisi
Inc. for a variety of technology consulting services for information technology
projects.
YES: all
Approved storm drain improvements for Torino Way, Pepper, Acacia Drive and
Ashbury Drive.
YES: all
Approved a contract with John Jenkins Construction in the amount of $33,520 for
the Galindo Street traffic signal upgrade.
YES: all

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             859 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             October 9, 2016 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

Today's News

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 547 words


The Dunwoody City Council will consider approval of an amendment to the Fiscal
Year 2016 budget during the meeting at 6 p.m. Monday at Dunwoody City Hall, 41
Perimeter Center East, Suite 103. There are both additional revenue and saved
expenditures reflected in the amendments. The HOST Fund collected $1,898,673 in
additional receipts. The police department saved $251,894 due to attrition.

The council will also discuss two intergovernmental agreements with DeKalb
County. One is for Solid Waste Management services and the other is for fire and
rescue services.

Information: w w w.d u nwoodyga.gov.

DIONNE KINCH FOR THE AJC

GWINNETT COUNTY

8 locations announced for early voting

Voting in this year's general election cycle begins soon at 8 locations
throughout Gwinnett. Absentee by mail voting began Sept. 26. Voters may begin
advance in-person voting Monday, Oct. 17 at the Gwinnett County Board of
Registration and Elections office, 455 Grayson Highway, Suite 200 in
Lawrenceville.

Advance in-person voting begins 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. Sat., Oct. 29 at the following
additional locations:Bogan Park Community Recreation Center, 2723 North Bogan
Road in Buford; Dacula Park Activity Building, 2735 Auburn Avenue in Dacula;
George Pierce Park Community Recreation Center, 55 Buford Highway in Suwanee;
Lenora Park Activity Room, 4515 Lenora Church Road in Snellville; Lucky Shoals
Park Community Recreation Center, 4651 Britt Road in Norcross;Mountain Park
Activity Building, 1063 Rock-bridge Road in Stone Mountain; and Shorty Howell
Park Activity Building, 2750 Pleasant Hill Road in Duluth.

General Election Day is Nov. 8. Absentee ballot and additional information:
www.gwinnettcounty.com. Select Department, Elections, and Absentee/ Advance
Voting.

KAREN HUPPERTZ FOR THE AJC

COBB COUNTY

$49 million in bonds to help with senior housing

The Powder Springs Development Authority was given approval Monday by the Powder
Springs City Council to issue $49 million in bonds for a new senior citizens
rental facility.

PS Senior Living LLC will use the tax-exempt funds to finance the acquisition,
construction, installation, furnishing and equipping of a multi-family housing
rental development for senior residents at 4900 and 4950 Richard D. Sailors
Parkway.

These bonds will not be paid fromcityorcountytaxesbutbythe authority from
amounts to be paid or provided by PS Senior Living.

CAROLYN CUNNINGHAM FOR THE AJC

NORTH FULTON

Milton accepts Sept. 11 artifact, plans memorial

The city of Milton is taking formal ownership of an artifact of the terror
attacks of Sept. 11, 2001 -- a 6-inch piece of steel recovered from the World
Trade Center site where more than 2,700 people died.

The steel already is in Milton, having been presented to the council Sept. 7
with remarks by the police and fire chiefs, and displayed by the Fire Department
at Milton High School's 9/11 observance, according to Sarah LaDart, Milton
economic development manager.

The city will hold the artifact until a site and design for a 9/11 memorial --
the plans for which are in "the very early stages," according to city
spokeswoman Shannon Ferguson -- are complete. Milton resident Charlie Fisher led
the effort to obtain the artifact, among the last of 10 available in a program
that ended in August. DAVID IBATA FOR THE AJC

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2016 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             860 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  New Orleans City Business (New Orleans, LA)

                              June 13, 2016 Monday

On the Level: Nicholas Moldaner of Palmisano Contractors

BYLINE: Valerie Huntley, Market Research/Reporter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1441  words


Name: Nicholas B. Moldaner

Title: Senior manager

Company: Palmisano

How many years in the industry?

19

What does the company specialize in?

Palmisano manages construction projects in the commercial, industrial and civil
sectors. We have vast construction knowledge of all project types and experience
with all delivery methods; including competitive bids, negotiated projects and
design assistance. We specialize in a variety of project types including
historic renovations, mixed use, hotel, multifamily, restaurant, retail, office,
medical, auto dealership, educational and government.

What are some of its notable projects?

Ace Hotel (complete) - Historic renovation of the 1928 art deco building at 600
Carondelet St. into a 234- room boutique hotel with rooftop pool, music venue,
public event spaces, meeting rooms, two restaurants (Josephine Estelle and
Seaworthy), a coffee shop (Stumptown) and retail spaces.

The Addison (complete) - New construction: A 175,000-square-foot multi-family
mixed use development in Baton Rouge. The project includes 139 one- and
two-bedroom luxury rental housing units and townhomes, 7,000 square feet of
boutique retail space, a swimming pool and a clubhouse with fitness studios.

Homewood Suites (in progress) - New construction: A 156,000-square-foot
four-story 207-room hotel on North Rampart Street. The entire structure,
including all walls and floors, is formed from pre-cast concrete panels.

217 and 225 Chartres St.  (in progress) - Historic renovation of the buildings
previously occupied by Hurwitz Mintz furniture stores into 23 high-end apartment
units with retail on the ground floor.

The Blake at The Grove (in progress) - New construction: A 260,000-square-foot
senior living community in Baton Rouge. The development consists of a
combination of 213 one- and two-bedroom independent, assisted living and memory
care apartments. The buildings are spread across an 8-acre campus and include an
indoor spa, swimming pool, fitness room, commercial kitchen, bistro and dining
rooms, a salon and activity rooms.

What is a current project that your company has completed or is currently
working on?

Moxy by Marriott is a project Palmisano recently completed in April. The job
consisted of a complete renovation and conversion of the existing Quality Inn
Hotel at 210 O'Keefe St. into a Moxy, a new concept by Marriott lifestyle
brands. Built in the 1960s, the curtain wall clad 10-story newly renovated
building now features 110 guest rooms, fitness center, kitchen, bar, lounge and
lobby.

How long did it take to complete or when will it be completed?

The Moxy project was completed in six months.

What are or were some of the challenges faced with this particular project?

One challenge we faced on the Moxy project was the owner's timeline. When
Palmisano received the bid documents, the client explained the need to start
construction on the 10-story hotel conversion immediately to open the hotel on
time in the spring of 2016. We approached the project as a great opportunity to
demonstrate the ability of our Express Team division. The Express Team addresses
the needs of fast track, smaller scale projects with a commitment exclusively to
this type of work. Only a few weeks after learning of the project, the Express
Team was able to provide competitive subcontractor pricing through an
accelerated bid effort, get the project within the owner's budget, execute
contracts, and mobilize to start demolition of the existing finishes. We
completed the hotel conversion only six months after receiving the building
permit.

How did you get involved in the industry?

My father is a residential general contractor, so I was exposed to the
construction industry at a young age. During middle school I would tag along
with him performing general cleanup and laborer tasks on his jobsites. Looking
back, I am certain he would take me to work to give my mother some relief. I had
three younger siblings at home and let's just say I was energetic. By the time I
was in high school expectations grew, and it was clear that I would have to earn
my keep. So, I spent my summer and Christmas breaks learning the carpentry trade
and expanding my construction knowledge while working side by side with my
father. I eventually worked my way into a lead carpenter/foreman position. The
lessons learned on the job during those early years serve me every day
personally and professionally.

I continued to work as a carpenter throughout my college years at Louisiana
State University, where I earned a bachelor's degree in construction management.
I graduated from LSU a few months after Hurricane Katrina and my time in the
residential market was extended. I returned home to New Orleans and spent two
years as a self-employed general contractor repairing homes damaged by the
storm. Ready for a new challenge in 2007, I accepted a project management
position with a large, locally based commercial construction firm, where I spent
the next six years developing my preconstruction and project management skills
under the guidance of Wesley Palmisano.

In the spring of 2013, I joined Palmisano as senior manager. Today, I enjoy
working across multiple departments of our growing company including
pre-construction, operations, marketing and business development.

What challenges have you faced in the industry personally and as a company? My
transition from residential work to large commercial construction was a
challenging time in my career. My residential experience was hands-on, mostly
field work with very little office work. Moving into a superintendent, or field
management role, probably would have been a more natural move for me. However,
my understanding of the "nuts and bolts" of construction provided a great
foundation to build project management skills on. Once I learned the processes
and procedures of project management I was able to approach my projects from a
unique perspective. The field experience gained early in my career has proven to
be invaluable.

Keeping up with an ever-changing industry is a challenge we face as a company.
The construction industry is constantly evolving. New technologies, materials,
equipment and building systems are regularly coming to market with innovative
solutions to improve the way construction is put in place. Continual improvement
of our systems, procedures, delivery methods, and the way we build is a
commitment we make to ourselves and our clients. Finding, analyzing, learning
and implementing new technologies is a nonstop effort at Palmisano.

What is some advice that you would give to aspiring contractors?

Construction is a high-risk, low margin business, the competition is plentiful,
the markets are cyclical and every project brings new obstacles. The work weeks
are long, and the work weekends are longer. If aspiring contractors are still
interested after understanding these truths, they should also know that this
business can be extremely rewarding. The projects we build require an immense
amount of coordination and team work between owners, designers, subcontractors,
suppliers, city departments and neighborhoods. Hundreds of people come together
to make every project possible, and every project is an opportunity to build new
relationships and make an impact on the community. My advice to aspiring
contractors is to be passionate about your work, treat your project team members
like family, and always put the project first.

What was your favorite project that you worked on and why?

As a New Orleans Saints fan, the opportunity to work on the Saints training
facility on Airline Drive stands out as one of my favorite projects. The
design-build project consisted of a complete renovation of the existing facility
and four new construction additions, totaling 79,000 square feet of work.
Coordinating construction activities around the major NFL franchise's operation
and getting an inside look at how the team functions was an experience I will
never forget. It was exciting to look out from the project and see Drew Brees
running drills with the rest of the team. Getting an occasional fist bump from
the guys you see on television every Sunday was a nice perk of the job. My good
project fortune continued when Mr. (Tom) Benson bought the Pelicans basketball
franchise. Our project team remained on campus to complete the Pelicans business
expansion and new practice facility, both projects completed through a
design-build delivery method.

To sign up for free CityBusiness Daily Updates, click here.

http://www.neworleanscitybusiness.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more
from this resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             861 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                             April 8, 2010 Thursday
                                  1ST Edition

BYLINE: Amanda Hutcheson; Citydesk@StarNewsOnline.com

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 371 words


Surf City approved the annexation and proposed zoning of a site for apartments
Tuesday.

The site is off N.C. 210 behind the Food Lion and a new movie theater and
entertainment center that are under construction. It will be accessible by a
road not yet built. The board unanimously approved its annexation and zoned it
for multi-family cluster use.

Plans for the site include a 144-unit apartment complex. The site sits behind
stores and restaurants. Though it is near single-family homes, a planned road
and an undeveloped buffer zone divide the complex from the existing homes.

"It does not abut any of the single-family homes in the Deer Run or Shadow Ridge
subdivisions," Town Planning Director Todd Rademacher said.

The apartments are being planned by the same people who proposed similar
apartments at another lot in January, Rademacher said, adding that while the
plans have been modified to fit a different lot, they will otherwise be similar.

The apartments would range from studio to three-bedroom units and provide
affordable housing.

The other lot, at the corner of N.C. 210 and N.C. 50 across the street from the
coming movie theater and across from the BP gas station, directly adjoined
several single-family homes. The proposed complex at that location drew heated
complaints from the adjoining homeowners who were worried about light and noise
pollution  and whether the complex would be low-income, government-subsidized
apartments.

In response, the town board zoned it for single-family homes but not
multi-family. Developers assured the residents that the apartments would not be
subsidized housing.

A public hearing Tuesday about the new site drew no comments, critical or
otherwise.

The town also approved the final plat for the Bryan's Court subdivision off J.H.
Batts Road.

Along with the apartment project and subdivision, Rademacher said there are
other signs of life in the real estate market. The town has seen several
custom-built homes and has seen homes start selling in other subdivisions after
being on the market for years. Commercial development is also starting to pick
up, he said.

"They (developers) seem happier. They're less stressed," he added.

Region desk: 343-2389

On Twitter.com: @StarNewsOnline

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             862 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                WMI Company News

                             August 6, 2013 Tuesday

HCA announces completion of $15 million residential project in UK

LENGTH: 197 words


The project has delivered a total of 98 homes, which comprise 58 two bedroom
flats, 19 two and three bedroom houses for rent and 21 homes for shared
ownership. The project was delivered in a span of three years, with work started
in 2010.

To pave way for the new development, the project team demolished more than 240
deck access flats, which was completed by the first quarter of 2012. The site
now features 21 homes for shared ownership. By October 2011, the project had
delivered 18 residential units that were constructed on empty land near to
Woodland Walk.

The new residential units are modern, energy efficient homes that let in a lot
of natural light and residents benefit from cheaper fuel bills.

The Woodland Walk project is part of a wider regeneration project in Runcorn,
led by Castlefields Regeneration Partnership. The partnership ismade up of
Liverpool Housing Trust (LHT), Halton Borough Council, Plus Dane Group and the
Homes and Communities Agency (HCA).

The project secured £10 million ($15.04 million) investment from Liverpool
Housing Trust (LHT) part of Symphony Housing Group and £4.5 million ($6.89
million) of funding from the Homes and Communities Agency (HCA).

LOAD-DATE: August 06, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 World Market Intelligence Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             863 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                             April 29, 2008 Tuesday

More affordable housing must be a priority in county

BYLINE: Staff Writer

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 423 words


If your home is a castle, many San Juan County residents are finding a huge moat
surrounding that castle. It's called affordable housing, or lack thereof.

A recent report ranked New Mexico low on an affordable housing list, causing
increasing concerns for those seeking housing they can afford. A 2008 Colorado
College State of the Rockies Report Card gave almost 60 percent of New Mexico's
33 counties a D or D-minus score, the lowest score possible. San Juan County
scored a C-plus, but local housing experts said that's not acceptable.

Affordable housing, according to the report, is the difference between the fair
market rent for a two-bedroom home or apartment and what a family at the median
income for the county can afford. For most low-income families, it takes two and
a half jobs just to pay rent.

"There is a huge gap between wages and housing in Farmington and San Juan
County," said Rosalyn Fry, housing director for the Economic Council Helping
Others. "Anything over 30 percent of a family's income is just too high. We
don't have enough housing units and the rental prices are going through the
roof."

For many people, having a roof over their heads has become a huge financial
problem. Jay Peterman Jr., associate planner with Farmington's Community
Development Department, said about half of the city's renters   about 4,000
pay more than 30 percent of their gross income on rent. And 2,486 of those
households pay more than 50 percent of their gross income on rent.

Affordable housing has been a buzzword in San Juan County for several years.
While almost everyone recognizes the need for affordable housing, little has
been done about it. With private land at a premium and construction costs
continuing to increase for many contractors and developers, building affordable
homes isn't cost effective.

With few multi-family housing opportunities available, many residents are having
difficulty finding any housing, let alone housing they adequately can afford.
When housing costs take a chunk of income, there is little left for food,
transportation and health care. Often, those needs are met by governmental
assistance, which places additional stress on the system

Farmington and San Juan County need to continue their efforts to provide housing
to meet the needs of its residents   all of them. While a C-plus is slightly
above average, few of us who live here believe there should be anything simply
"average" about our community. We are better than average, and our housing
opportunities should   and must   reflect that.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 Farmington Daily Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             864 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 1, 2015 Thursday

With growth limits eyed for revision, Healdsburg housing debate heats up

BYLINE: Clark Mason, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1505 words


Oct. 01--As the father of Healdsburg's growth management ordinance, Jim Winston
is understandably nervous with the tinkering underway to ease the restriction on
the maximum number of new housing units that can be built every year in town.

In Healdsburg, one of the priciest housing markets in Sonoma County, city
leaders are trying to find ways to create more affordable homes. But they see
the ordinance, which limits the number of new dwellings to an average of 30 per
year, as an impediment in need of revising if the city wants to make inroads
with the housing problem.

Winston, who wrote the ballot initiative approved by voters 15 years ago,
worries the measure could be gutted, leading to "an explosion of growth" in the
town of almost 12,000 population.

And if the proposed revisions -- likely to be presented for voter approval in
2016 -- go too far, he vows to fight it.

"On a personal level I feel as if this GMO is my child and I'm going to do
whatever it takes to protect it," said Winston, a retired businessman who heads
up Healdsburg Citizens for Responsible Growth.

The growth measure was approved by voters in 2000, in response to concern over
larger housing projects like Parkland Farms built on the city's periphery.

But City Councilman Eric Ziedrich said the ordinance has created a significant
shortage of housing, contributed to the escalation of real estate prices, and
turned Healdsburg into "a playground for the entitled rich."

Because of the low number of new dwellings allowed each year, he said it
produces mostly expensive single-family homes, making it almost impossible to
build multi-family, higher density projects and the so-called workforce housing
that everyone seems to agree is so badly needed.

"The door is shut before it's ever opened. For the 40, 60, 80 units, the door is
closed before we can ever discuss it," he said.

Winston believes the ordinance is being unfairly blamed for the paucity of
economical housing in Healdsburg, pointing to figures that show the city has
never hit the growth limit since it was imposed. He also contends that larger
apartment complexes are out scale for Healdsburg and that smaller ones could be
scattered around town.

The Healdsburg City Council established the housing committee that Ziedrich
heads after a clamor over recent high-profile evictions and steep rent increases
-- including those for 21 Latino families in a low-income apartment complex
where the new owner is fixing the dilapidated property and in some cases planned
to more than double the rents.

The evictions, which led to packed City Council meetings this summer with
residents demanding action, highlighted the dearth of available affordable
housing in Healdsburg. Vacancy rates in the rental market are "extremely low or
non-existent," according to a 2014 city housing study.

And housing prices in the Healdsburg market -- including outside city limits --
were the highest in Sonoma County for the first half of 2015.

Home prices jumped 31 percent to a median $899,000 for the first six months of
this year, compared to last year, according to The Press Democrat's housing
report, which is compiled by Pacific Union International Vice President Rick
Laws.

Richard Butler, a food service manager who was appointed to the housing
committee, said Healdsburg is in danger of losing its heart and soul, and its
diversity, if working, middle class folks can't afford a home there.

He and his wife, Adrianne, a massage therapist, and their two boys, ages 6 and
9, have lived in a two-bedroom rental for several years. They would like to buy
a house some day in Healdsburg, but feel priced out of the market.

"We are part of the face of what is the big challenge in Healdsburg," Butler
said.

"It's not just Healdsburg. It's everywhere," he said of the affordability
crunch. "It's amplified in Healdsburg because this is such a desirable place to
live and there are so few places."

City officials and consultants have been focusing for a couple years on the need
to amend the growth management ordinance, especially to achieve more workforce
housing -- defined as affordable to those who provide vital services in the
community, such as school teachers, firefighters, police officers, restaurant
and hotel workers.

Ziedrich said the tight growth cap has led to "an overabundance of only those
seniors or retirees that can afford to live in a very affluent enclave."

Consultant Jim Heid, who facilitates the housing committee meetings, says the
current growth ordinance doesn't differentiate between an allocation for a
400-square-foot studio and a 5,000-square-foot mansion.

"It's very hard to build housing that isn't terribly expensive in town if you
can only build one at a time," he said.

"Healdsburg has growth control, even though it's called 'management.' We want to
create a true management ordinance," Heid said.

Mayor Shaun McCaffery, a member of the nine-member Community Housing Committee
that is studying the issue on how the ordinance should be amended, said the
group isn't out to eviscerate it.

"The intent is just to allow it to be more flexible," he said.

"It wouldn't be too growth intensive," he said of the some of the tentative
changes under discussion. "At the same time, it would allow for a burst of
housing, which is typically how housing is built in an efficient manner. We
build a lot of houses at the same time to make them more cost effective."

The committee is holding an open house Oct. 10 from 9 to 1 p.m. at the
Healdsburg Community Center to invite residents to give their input on what they
think a potential ballot measure should look like. To make it easy for families
to attend, there will be free food and activities for children.

By November, the committee is expected to make a recommendation to the City
Council, which could place a measure before voters in June, or November, 2016.

Winston, who attends all the housing committee hearings, has proposed relaxing
the cap to allow an average of 45 units per year -- instead of the current 30 --
with more than half assigned to multi-family rental apartments.

But he doesn't like what he has been hearing at the committee meetings,
including suggestions he believes could result in 300 units being built in
Healdsburg in the first year alone.

In addition to allowing approximately 50 market rate units per year, committee
members are talking of doling out an additional 218 building allocations unused
since 2000.

"They want to claw back, or recapture unused building allocations over the past
15 years," Winston said disapprovingly, adding that there also is talk of
"clawing forward" or borrowing from future building allocations for special
projects.

"They're coming up with things that are pretty much dead on arrival," he said.
"Growth has to occur slowly, so it can be absorbed and infrastructure can keep
pace. What that equates to is small town character."

Winston, who lives almost a mile outside city limits, has sometimes been viewed
as interloper, and although his support for a revised GMO would be helpful, city
officials don't seem to view it as crucial.

"Whatever Jim Winston feels at this point is no more relevant than any other
resident of Healdsburg. Whoops, I forgot he doesn't live here," Ziedrich said.

Winston points out that under the existing ordinance, so-called affordable
housing units that are built for low, very low and moderate-income households
are exempt from the growth cap.

But funding for many of those projects was derived from redevelopment programs
that were dissolved by the state.

There is another mechanism to create affordable housing, which Healdsburg, like
many cities, has in place.

It requires developers to construct, or help pay for affordable or
income-restricted units when they build projects with seven or more dwellings.
But a tight growth cap can translate to fewer new affordable units.

"Although the GMO does not directly impact affordable housing construction, it
certainly impacts the financing for affordable housing construction, which is
done through regular housing construction," Mayor McCaffery said.

But Winston noted that nearly all cities in Sonoma County are wrestling with the
same housing squeeze, including cities with no growth limits.

Also, since 2000, developers in Healdsburg have built less housing than allowed
under the city's growth ordinance.

Between 2001 and 2007, residential building permits averaged 16 units per year
for market rate units and 27 per year for both market rate and affordable units.
Between 2007 and 2014, the average was 20 units per year.

But Ziedrich said that picture is skewed.

"You have no idea looking at those numbers what the true demand for housing is
and what it will be," he said. "The real question is how many projects never
came before us because of the GMO."

You can reach Staff Writer Clark Mason at 521-5214 or
clark.mason@pressdemocrat.com On Twitter@clarkmas

___ (c)2015 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151001-UR-With-growth-limits-eyed-for-revision-Healdsburg-housing
-debate-heats-up-1001-20151001

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                       Copyright 2015 The Press Democrat


                             865 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                             March 21, 2004 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Remedies to consider for Main Street area

SECTION: SECTION B; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 782  words


Commercial, tourist and residential experiences in the Main Street Redevelopment
Area are challenged by various negative forces. The city must revisit the
mission and purpose of the Main Street Area and institute changes to allow the
area to flourish and reach its full potential. Degrading issues include: crime;
commerce geared for limited markets and limited time periods; redevelopment
investment without a community vision; impacts of event-driven commerce on
residential neighborhoods; poor physical appearances; lack of parking. Crime:
The Main Street Area has been riddled with crime, which tarnishes visitor and
resident experience. Many perpetrators live in nearby low-rent housing units.
The lack of investment in properties perpetuates low rents. Narrow side streets
create hangouts for criminals. In 2002, arrests were made for 914 serious
crimes. Of those, 4 were for homicide; 226 for violations of liquor laws; 216
for drunkenness; 12 for prostitution; 191 for violations of narcotics laws; 65
for robbery; 73 for burglary of businesses; 127 for burglary of residential
units. For the same year, 1,266 arrests were made for quality of life crimes. Of
those, 4 were for larceny; 131 for domestic violence; 246 for disorderly
conduct; 695 for disturbances; 20 for attempts at breaking and entering; 35 for
breaking and entering businesses; 135 for breaking and entering residential
units. The crime remedies include: Increase police presence in the area. Add
street lighting where needed to improve surveillance and increase user safety.
Increase owner occupancy (prohibit short-term rental of houses). Continue strong
building code enforcement, inside and out. Event-driven commerce: Short-term,
limited-scope businesses discourage year-round activity and investment. Lack of
parking hurts customer visitation. Customers not attracted because of the lack
of common marketing and brand identity for the Main Street Area. Redevelopment
without vision has resulted in these conditions, which has in the past been
partly due to conflicts of interest on the redevelopment board: Some buildings
have been removed and replaced with paved lots for short-term vendors. It is
difficult for businesses to obtain 12-month leases when property owners reserve
the right to use property for several high-tourist events. Patchwork zoning and
land use that discourage investment opportunities. Residential concerns:
Periodic invasion by tourists, causing traffic, noise and litter problems.
Structures are deteriorated. Multi-family units encroach into single-family
housing areas, which has degraded investments. Residential remedies include:
Prohibit through traffic, especially during high tourist season; creating
physical barriers and buffers. Create cul-de-sacs on minor streets. Install
walls and landscaping as visual and sound buffers. Restrict live bands to indoor
venues and require minimum wall openings. Prohibit outdoor speakers. Develop
public parking lots and/or garages within fringes of commercial zone. Encourage
service drives to the rear of commercial properties. Enforce strict building
codes and appearance standards. Enforce the noise ordinance. Poor physical
appearances: Closed storefronts project a negative image. Poor building
constructions and detailing create a cheap appearance. Appearance remedies:
Institute strong architectural, signage, color and style standards (using clear,
concise language to minimize misinterpretations and variances). Perform building
and structural inspections to rid buildings of defects. Perform street and
sidewalk cleanups regularly. Adopt uniform specifications for exterior items,
such as trash containers, fences, railing, telephones, signs, etc. Keep trash
containers and storage areas behind buildings, out of view of customers.
Establish special assessment for maintenance of street and streetscape. Require
maintenance of all exterior surfaces and fixtures for 365 days a year. Parking
issues: Historically, the commercial district did not require off-street
parking. Land costs are high. All streets are narrow and not conducive to
on-street parking. Parking remedies: Require off-street parking (when properties
cannot comply, require them to contribute toward the funding of a public parking
facility.) Partner with Ocean Center (convention arena) on parking solutions.
Continue the analysis and recommendations of the parking consultant. A
conceptual land-use plan included a tourism district, designated parking areas,
multi-family residences; bed and breakfast areas; public buildings areas;
single- family (historic) districts with cul-de-sacs. Buffer zones were proposed
between the commercial and residential areas.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2004 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2004 News-Journal Corporation


                             866 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                         May 9, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

ICON Builders: Preservation Partners Development III, LLC and Cornucopia
Services Purchase Huntington Villa Yorba Apartments, ICON Builders to Commence
Construction

LENGTH: 625  words


May 9 -- Preservation Partners Development III, LLC (PPD) and Cornucopia
Services are pleased to announce the successful purchase of Huntington Villa
Yorba Apartments in Huntington Beach, CA for $47,700,000 by Huntington Villa
Yorba Preservation Limited Partnership.   Located at 16000 Villa Yorba Lane,
Huntington Villa Yorba is a 198 unit gated multi-family housing community that
was built in 1971. The community is situated on 11.5 acres and consists of 16
two and three story residential buildings with one, two, and three-bedroom
units.



"The open space is amazing and unheard of in multifamily development in Orange
County.  The site is zoned for another 94 units," stated Irene Rivas, President
of Cornucopia Services.

"Huntington Villa Yorba Apartments is a beautiful, spacious affordable housing
development community in an affluent Southern California beach community.  I was
pleased that we were able to extend the Section 8, Project-Based HAP Contract
covering 192 of the 198 units for 20 years," said William Szymczak, President of
Preservation Partners Development III, LLC.

Huntington Villa Yorba Apartments was acquired and will be renovated through the
use of Low Income Housing Tax Credit equity (4%) and tax-exempt bonds. Lender
Citi Community Capital purchased the bonds, and originated a $41,937,000 Freddie
Mac loan.  East West Bank is the direct tax credit investor and was advised by
Affordable Investment Advisors, LLC.

ICON Builders is the exclusive General Contractor to PPD and is trusted to
extensively renovate units and upgrade amenities. Preservation Partners
Management Group, Inc. will manage the newly transformed community. Community
amenities include four laundry facilities, playgrounds, a community center with
a community picnic and barbecue area.

Allen "Kelly" Sands, President, ICON Builders, states, "We are pleased to work
with our longtime partner, Preservation Partners Development in renovating this
large occupied property in beautiful Huntington Beach. We particularly look
forward to making positive improvements to the amenities and apartment homes
that enhance the Residents experience of living in this community, while
maintaining affordability."

Huntington Villa Yorba is located in the heart of Huntington Beach. It is near
some of the city's best recreational amenities, such as Huntington Beach Pier,
one of the largest recreational piers in the world; and Huntington Beach Central
Park, the largest city-owned park in Orange County, consisting of an 18-acre
nature center, 200 seat amphitheater, and a 25-acre equestrian center.

Preservation Partners Development III, LLC (PPD) is a California-based
development group that acquires, rehabilitates and permanently preserves
"at-risk" affordable housing resources that were originally developed under U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) financing and direct rental
subsidy programs. Since PPD formation in 1999, PPD has utilized low-income
housing tax credits and tax-exempt bond financing to acquire and rehabilitate 34
properties representing over 3500 units in Washington, Virginia and throughout
California. Collectively, the members of PPD have over 150 years of development,
finance and management experience.  PPD's objective is to provide long term,
secure housing communities, and to partner with nonprofit corporations to
provide supportive social services, focused on the most basic needs of very
low-income families and seniors in our communities.

Cornucopia Services, a California Non Profit Public Benefit Corporation is
committed to develop affordable housing, while providing a wide range of
resident services. A subsidiary of Cornucopia Services is the Managing general
partner of Huntington Villa Yorba Preservation LP.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             867 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright (c) 1997 Saint Louis University School of Law
                    Saint Louis University Public Law Review

                                      1997

                        16 St. Louis U. Pub. L. Rev. 321

LENGTH: 17027 words

SYMPOSIUM: NONPROFIT HOUSING PROVIDERS: CAN THEY SURVIVE THE "DEVOLUTION
REVOLUTION"? *





   * The term "devolution revolution" is taken from G. Thomas Kingsley,
Perspectives on Devolution, 62 J. Am. Plan. Ass'n. 419 (1996) (quoting Richard
P. Nathan, The Devolution Revolution: An Overview (1996)).

NAME: JOHN J. AMMANN, * PETER W. SALSICH, JR. **

BIO:



   * Director, Housing Law Clinic, Saint Louis University School of Law. The
authors wish to thank students Marybeth Mappes and Karen Sauls for their
dedicated assistance with this article.


   ** McDonnell Professor of Justice, Saint Louis University School of Law.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  Part VI proposes a three-part housing strategy: 1) support for persons
seeking to become self-sufficient homeowners by allowing a portion of housing
assistance payments to be credited to a down payment and/or maintenance account
administered by a neighborhood nonprofit housing provider, 2) long-term rental
assistance commitments to persons not likely to be able to become
self-sufficient but who are making good faith efforts to take care of their
housing, abide by the rules of their community, and raise their children to
become responsible members of society, and 3) support by all levels of
government of congregate living arrangements for those needing a supportive
living environment. ...  HUD Reform After Welfare Reform ...  A new effort to
restructure federal housing programs is underway in the 105th Congress, but
enactment of welfare reform legislation in 1996 should motivate Congress to
exercise restraint before dismantling HUD programs, since for those losing
welfare benefits, housing assistance is their last plank on a rickety bridge to
self-sufficiency. ...  HUD recently asked Congress for funds for 30,000
additional Section 8 certificates to be used directly to support state and local
programs implementing welfare reform, and has awarded grants to forty-five
housing authorities to fund job training children and transportation for public
housing residents, but these are a token effort at coordination. ... HUD's
Office of Policy Development and Research has estimated that welfare reform will
increase assisted housing costs by $ 2.3 billion through fiscal year 2002. ...
More than a third of families receiving AFDC, now called TANF or Temporary
Assistance to Needy Families, also receive some form of housing subsidy, and HUD
has estimated that three of five families in public housing will be affected by
welfare reform, as will many families receiving Section 8 and other assistance.
...

TEXT:
 [*322]

   I.

 Introduction


   The executive director of a nonprofit housing development and management
corporation recently was asked, during a discussion in an interdisciplinary
graduate level class, about the methods used by the organization to screen
prospective tenants. He was asked how thoroughly the corporation checked the
credit history of an applicant. His response: the corporation no longer
conducted credit checks on applicants because everyone who applied had bad
credit.

   Across town a religiously affiliated nonprofit, operating a Section 8 complex
with numerous supportive services, grows frustrated with resident families who
don't cooperate with management in improving their self-sufficiency. The
nonprofit landlord wonders whether it can or should attempt to evict a family
because the parents have not attended parenting classes or job training
sessions.

   At the courthouse, a family of four faces eviction from assisted housing.
Based on the family's income, their rent is only four dollars a month. But,
partially because the father has an alcohol problem, the family has not paid
rent for ten months. A law student who represented the family through a law
school clinical program gets no answer to his question, "Where will they go?"

   An energetic new nonprofit tenant management organization has begun
management of thousands of units of public housing. But one of the tenant
managers' first missions is to attempt to evict many of their neighbors believed
to be involved in drug offenses or other misconduct.

   These brief stories, drawn from experiences of students and faculty in the
Saint Louis University Housing Law Clinic working with nonprofit organizations
and individual clients, illustrate facets of the dilemma that housing advocates,
policymakers and providers face as the nation debates a revamping of its housing
policy. The collapse of a compromise effort to enact a new housing law just
prior to the re-election of President Clinton and the retention of the
Republican majority in Congress sets the stage for a renewed housing policy
debate in the 105th Congress.  n1 In that debate the nonprofit sector is being
touted as a major force in housing and community development,  n2 although it
[*323]  likely will have to contend with a continuation of sharp drops in direct
federal expenditures for housing.  n3 Nonprofits are expected to be featured in
any new housing policy initiatives because they have demonstrated an ability to
successfully produce and manage affordable housing for low-income families.

   The potential devolution of major housing responsibilities, along with the
coming devolution of public assistance,  n4 gives nonprofits a significant
opportunity to play a major role in affordable housing partnerships. But the
opportunity also contains great risks. The combined effect of reductions in both
housing and welfare assistance threatens to trigger a new wave of homelessness
which could overwhelm fledgling nonprofit housing and community development
organizations.  n5 In addition, the regulatory structure within which nonprofit
housing organizations must operate poses additional problems for nonprofits
which venture into housing. Uncertainty about federal and state tax status of
nonprofit housing activities,  n6 as well as their role as (traditionally
caring) landlords can contribute to a schizoid personality among nonprofit
[*324]  housing providers.

   This article examines the potential of nonprofit housing providers to
participate effectively in new housing programs likely to be linked to the
welfare reform self-sufficiency movement. It explores how nonprofits have
employed self-sufficiency programs, and suggests modifications to such programs
to improve upward mobility for participants. The analysis includes an
acknowledgment that self-sufficiency plans are not for everyone, and suggests
alternative schemes for serving those segments of the population which are not
likely to benefit from these programs. With actual experiences of nonprofits as
a framework, the article discusses the potential of nonprofit housing providers,
and the implications of the devolution movement for such providers.

   Part II reviews proposals for housing reforms, including proposed expanded
roles for nonprofit housing providers. Part III discusses the organizational
patterns of nonprofits and examines current tax and related organizational
issues. Part IV explores the supportive services and incentive programs commonly
included in self-sufficiency programs. Part V reviews the housing continuum from
shelter through transitional housing to permanent housing, with special emphasis
on traditional roles nonprofits have played. Part VI proposes a three-part
housing strategy: 1) support for persons seeking to become self-sufficient
homeowners by allowing a portion of housing assistance payments to be credited
to a down payment and/or maintenance account administered by a neighborhood
nonprofit housing provider, 2) long-term rental assistance commitments to
persons not likely to be able to become self-sufficient but who are making good
faith efforts to take care of their housing, abide by the rules of their
community, and raise their children to become responsible members of society,
and 3) support by all levels of government of congregate living arrangements for
those needing a supportive living environment. For families with children, the
goal should be self-sufficiency for the children when they grow to adulthood.
Responsibility rather than self-sufficiency should be the standard for
continuing housing assistance to persons with child care responsibilities, as
well as persons who are elderly or disabled. Nonprofits have important roles to
play in these strategies, but need greater regulatory flexibility to enable them
to reach their potential in a "devolved" assisted housing environment.

   II.

 The Changing Federal Housing Policy


   Politicians from both sides of the aisle consistently extol the virtues of
nonprofit organizations. President Clinton and Speaker of the House Newt
Gingrich have been in the camera's eye while swinging a hammer at Habitat for
Humanity building sites.  n7 The President has specifically called for greater
[*325]  roles for nonprofits, particularly in easing the pain of welfare reform.
n8

   The United States Report for the Habitat II Conference in 1996 stated that
community based organizations "are particularly effective at delivering services
because of their relationships and standing in the community" and "ability to
coordinate multiple programs into a single, comprehensive package."  n9 This
section reviews some of the specific roles nonprofits have played and will play
in the future.

   A.

 Increasing Role for Nonprofits

 In recent years, a significant portion of federal housing dollars has been
directed toward nonprofit housing providers. Many of the McKinney Act homeless
programs operated by HUD provide money, either through local government or
directly, to homeless shelters operated by nonprofit organizations like the
Salvation Army.  n10 Under the HOME program, there is significant emphasis on
nonprofits and a designated percentage of funds is reserved for Community
Housing Development Corporations (CHDOs), which must be nonprofit corporations.
n11 In the Community Development Block Grant program (CDBG), communities can
support nonprofits in the development of rental and for-sale housing.  n12 HUD
recently made it easier for nonprofits to obtain FHA mortgages for multi-family
buildings.  n13 Many of the agencies providing services to AIDS victims are
nonprofits receiving funds through Housing for Persons With AIDS (HOPWA) grants.
n14 HUD also grants significant funds to nonprofit organizations which serve as
HUD approved housing counseling and fair housing agencies.  n15 In the Low
Income Housing Tax Credit program, ten percent of all credits are set aside for
use in projects spearheaded by nonprofits.  n16 Indeed, most HUD programs
provide for nonprofit participation, if not outright priority for nonprofits.

   In what hopefully is an aberration, HUD has temporarily put on hold a program
which benefits nonprofits. Under its single family property disposition program
for the homeless,  n17 HUD has, on a limited basis, been giving nonprofits
priority for residential buildings in the HUD inventory which are  [*326]
acquired through foreclosures. Nonprofits can lease these buildings at virtually
no cost, then purchase the buildings for thirty percent less than others would
pay. HUD has suspended the program for one year after discovering participation
by unqualified providers, ineligible tenants, and evidence of deteriorating
property.  n18

   In some HUD programs, nonprofits are simply allowed to compete with housing
authorities, local government, or other entities for funds. But often, HUD has
looked to nonprofits as a possible savior from crisis. One of the most pressing
crises faced by housing policymakers is the imminent expiration of thousands of
contracts under the Low Income Housing Preservation and Resident Homeownership
Act  n19 and in HUD's Section 8 portfolio. Over the next few years, contracts
covering millions of units will expire, allowing owners and developers to
convert buildings to market rate complexes. HUD has funding for some renewals,
but the agency has given nonprofits, which often are but need not be tenant
management groups, a high priority to take over these projects where feasible in
the LIHPRA program, and to form joint ventures with for-profit owners in the
Section 8 context.  n20 Streamlining the regulations allowing for such transfers
would be a significant step in this process.

   One reason Congress turns to nonprofits in drafting housing policy is that
nonprofits are more willing to accept subsidized tenants than private landlords.
A HUD survey found only one-half of the owners of privately owned housing units
in the country would accept Section 8 tenants, with the main reason given for
refusing subsidized tenants being the maze of regulations.  n21 Nonprofits are
more willing than private owners to accept subsidized tenants, but nonprofits
also seek relief from complex regulatory schemes in hopes of enhancing their
social mission.

   Meanwhile, the current emphasis of the federal government on homeownership
will also be a major opportunity for nonprofits. The 104th Congress approved
legislation mentioning Habitat for Humanity by name, specifically targeting
funds to that organization and others which foster homeownership through the use
of sweat equity requirements.  n22 The new statute allows funds to go to these
nonprofit groups under the Self-Help Homeownership Opportu [*327]  nity Program
to be used for land acquisition and site development. This legislation
strengthens the federal government's recent emphasis on homeownership, which
will continue into the next century.  n23 Nonprofits will take on an increasing
role in homeownership initiatives in the next few years.

   In this era of devolution, we should not expect to see much repetition of
this type of specially targeted legislation.  n24 Yet, HUD and Congress
generally have no qualms about turning to nonprofits as a major player in the
effort to alleviate housing problems.

   But not every initiative which affects housing pays as much deference to
nonprofit housing developers as it might. The Bridges to Work program, being run
as a pilot project in St. Louis and five other cities, links inner city welfare
recipients to child care, career counseling, and transportation to suburban
locations where most entry level job opportunities now are located.  n25 The
program acknowledges a shift by employers to locating in suburban areas. While
several nonprofit agencies in St. Louis are involved in the program, none has a
specific focus on housing issues. Greater participation by nonprofit housing
providers would serve the interest of the government and the families
participating in the program.  n26 Because most areas of the country, including
St. Louis, do not have regional or statewide housing planning, communities
continue to be unwilling to accommodate affordable housing even if it will be
located near jobs.  n27 Reputable nonprofit organizations, if part of the
project, could provide supportive services for participants and encourage
development of affordable housing where jobs are located.

   The tax code changes of the 1980s solidified the trend away from for-profit
development of affordable housing.  n28 And now, nonprofits are capable of an
expanding role in affordable housing. With the devolution of housing programs
from the federal to the state and local level, nonprofits will have an
opportunity to enhance their stature and capacity. Many state and local housing
agencies already recognize nonprofits as major partners in affordable housing
development. In the coming years, with the federal government relinquishing much
of its regulatory control over housing programs, nonprofits have a  [*328]
unique opportunity to influence housing policy.

   B.

 HUD Reform After Welfare Reform

 Many proposals to revamp or eliminate HUD have been presented in the last few
years.  n29 While no major restructuring has yet occurred, significant
reductions in the amount of federal housing assistance have taken place.  n30 A
new effort to restructure federal housing programs is underway in the 105th
Congress, but enactment of welfare reform legislation in 1996 should motivate
Congress to exercise restraint before dismantling HUD programs, since for those
losing welfare benefits, housing assistance is their last plank on a rickety
bridge to self-sufficiency. Nonprofit housing providers are often experts on
local social welfare issues,  n31 so they will be needed to help ease the
implementation of welfare reform.

   Fortunately the major housing reform proposals being considered in Congress
retain a major role for nonprofits.  n32 While the proposal to revamp the system
of homelessness assistance does restrict the use of funds for supportive
services,  n33 it and the other bills being considered recognize the strong role
of nonprofits.

   However, to date, social policy has been marked by a lack of collaboration
between the welfare delivery system and the housing assistance delivery system.
n34 The welfare reform debate was targeted at cutting AFDC, Food Stamps, and
Supplemental Security Income benefits. Housing assistance rarely was discussed.
Now that the welfare system is being restructured, policymakers must consider
how the new welfare system will impact housing programs.

   The effects of welfare reform are a concern to a wide range of nonprofit
organizations. A nonprofit domestic violence shelter has concluded that "second
stage housing and supported living may be a necessary next developmental step
for the Oasis Women's Center under the Welfare Reform provisions."  n35 This
group is aware that welfare reform will decrease the availability of public
assistance for victims of domestic violence and their children, and  [*329]
concluded that this will increase "the real threat of hunger and homelessness."
n36

   Welfare to work is the theme of the recent reform movement, and there are
many nonprofit organizations which will be linking welfare recipients to the
workforce as they lose their benefits. These organizations know that having a
suitable place to live is essential to finding a job and keeping it,  n37 and
they have the ability to provide the necessary coordination. HUD recently asked
Congress for funds for 30,000 additional Section 8 certificates to be used
directly to support state and local programs implementing welfare reform, and
has awarded grants to forty-five housing authorities to fund job training
children and transportation for public housing residents, but these are a token
effort at coordination.  n38 Congress thus far has not taken action to hold
HUD's budget harmless from declines in tenant income due to welfare reform, or
to acknowledge that the savings in welfare costs will be offset by increases in
funds needed for housing aid. Since tenants living in assisted housing generally
have their rent based on thirty percent of their income,  n39 a loss or
reduction of cash assistance or other welfare benefits would mean these families
would pay less in rent, requiring the government to make up a greater difference
between the tenant's share of rent and operating costs or market rents.

   HUD's Office of Policy Development and Research has estimated that welfare
reform will increase assisted housing costs by $ 2.3 billion through fiscal year
2002.  n40 HUD estimates that a housing authority with 1,000 public housing
units and 1,000 assisted units would need an additional subsidy of $ 123,000 in
fiscal year 2000, and increased spending for certificates and other assistance
of $ 159,000.  n41 Cuts in cash assistance and food stamps will also lead to
more rent defaults and evictions, as families reallocate meager incomes. More
than a third of families receiving AFDC, now called TANF or Temporary Assistance
to Needy Families, also receive some form of housing subsidy, and HUD has
estimated that three of five families in public housing will be affected by
welfare reform,  n42 as will many families receiving Section 8 and other
assistance.

   Proposals to link housing and welfare reform will have to focus on flexi
[*330]  bility and on working with state and local officials. Graduated housing
assistance is one viable option. Under such a system, housing subsidies would be
on a sliding scale, with assistance decreasing gradually as employment and
income conditions improved.  n43 Targeting housing assistance to welfare
recipients moving into the workforce requires significant resources to identify
families who would benefit most from assistance, and such a system would be open
to criticism from housing advocates whose clients are not the ones chosen.

   While coordination of housing and welfare policy is crucial, the assumptions
and remedies from the welfare reform debate cannot be blindly applied to housing
reform. With the welfare reform debate focusing on personal responsibility, most
criticism of the AFDC program centered around recipients who allegedly spent
their welfare check on drugs or alcohol, while failing to spend money on food or
clothing for their children. And food stamps are susceptible to the black market
wherein recipients exchange the stamps for cash.

   At the same time, housing assistance, because of its in-kind nature, is not
subject to the same abuse by recipients. While legal aid offices and law school
clinics see numerous cases of clients accused of allowing persons not on a lease
to reside with them, or failing to disclose all of their income, thereby
violating the terms of their public housing or Section 8 leases, there does not
appear to be a black market of persons obtaining public housing or Section 8
certificates and then selling interests in leases or the certificates to others
for cash.  n44 With regard to tenant abuses, while it is fraudulent for families
to fail to report income, many families fail to report minor fluctuations such
as income from sporadic babysitting jobs or similar part-time employment. But
the in-kind nature of housing assistance renders it insulated from abuses seen
in the AFDC and food stamp programs.

   Although HUD has suspended its single family property disposition program due
to allegations of abuse, these allegations do not focus on misuse of properties
by low-income persons, but instead on the improper use of these low cost
properties by providers and persons who don't need assistance.  n45 Concerns
about fraud and abuse in housing programs have been and should continue to be
focused on unscrupulous providers and others receiving large government
contracts to provide housing.  n46 The saga of former federal officials,  [*331]
convicted of steering HUD funds to friends and supporters, has epitomized
housing fraud. Tenant abuse has not. Therefore, the tide of welfare reform,
founded in part on a desire to eliminate fraud, should not be allowed to flood
the housing policy debate. Policymakers should feel reasonably confident that
housing assistance is getting to the target population.

   Coordination between the welfare and housing delivery systems will be complex
and difficult.  n47 In the past, state and local housing providers have looked
to Washington for cues on welfare policy, since in the past there were detailed
national standards for welfare programs. Now, these providers should be turning
to their state officials, since federal welfare policy has turned most of the
decisionmaking regarding the structure of welfare programs over to the states.
And because welfare policy will vary from state to state, the true impact of
welfare reform on housing policy will be extremely difficult to determine.

   C.

 Devolution Begins


   The uncertainty of federal funding for tenant assistance programs such as
Section 8 has put a greater premium on the willingness of state and local
governments to make up some of the slack.  n48 State housing finance agencies
are increasingly being called upon to provide tenant based rental assistance and
assistance for social services.

   For example, the Missouri Housing Development Commission approved a grant to
the Ecumenical Housing Production Corporation (EHPC) of $ 68,000 from the
Missouri Housing Trust Fund to be used to help EHPC develop a transitional
housing program with ancillary social services for families residing in homeless
shelters.  n49 Under this program, ten three-bedroom housing units scattered
throughout St. Louis County will be constructed and rented to Section 8 eligible
families. Acquisition and construction of the units is financed in part through
a partnership with the St. Louis Equity Fund which allows low income housing tax
credits to be realized by participating corporations who invest in housing
developments. Long-term financing for the project is provided through tax-exempt
municipal bonds by the Missouri Housing Development Commission.

   The grant from the Housing Trust Fund is being used to provide rental
assistance so that participating tenants will not have to pay more than thirty
per [*332]  cent of their income for rent, which is fixed at $ 450 a month for
each of the three-bedroom units. This fixed rent is below the fair market rental
rate maximum for units established by HUD guidelines for the St. Louis area. The
lower rent was achieved because of the favorable equity commitment from the St.
Louis Equity Fund and the ability to reduce interest costs on long-term
financing through the use of tax-exempt municipal bonds. An interesting aspect
of this program is that rental assistance funds will include money for a
security deposit equal to the cost of the first month's rent. If the tenant
fulfills the terms of the agreement of the security deposit, the deposit will be
refunded as a voucher to be used for permanent housing.  n50

   The other major use of these funds will be for ancillary social service
support. The social service support program is designed to facilitate family and
individual self-sufficiency and to enable families to make the transition from
subsidized living to permanent housing. The three main categories of social
service support included in the Missouri Housing Trust Fund grant to EHPC are
case management and counseling, emergency food vouchers, and supportive
services.  n51

   In addition to these basic services, EHPC will also use funds to establish an
emergency utility assistance program for people who need to make deposits to get
a utility connection in their name, nutrition assistance counseling on how to
prepare and purchase foods on a limited income, counseling to help families
develop a sense for money management, home maintenance, and ultimately referral
and placement into permanent housing.  n52

   Tenants will be expected to set up a home ledger that describes their income
and expenses and will be taught how to prepare a household budget. A manual on
homecare will be given to each family, along with an orientation on  [*333]  the
use of the home. Families in the transitional housing programs will have
opportunities to be placed in EHPC permanent homes based on availability and
satisfaction of the requirements of the rental application, lease, and security
deposit agreements.  n53

   Innovative and complex partnerships like this one between a state agency and
nonprofit housing provider will of necessity become more frequent in the next
few years. By participating in and indeed creating these programs as devolution
begins, nonprofits will shape the terrain of housing assistance policy as we
enter the new century.

   III.

 Nonprofit Housing Corporations: The Playing Field

 Not every nonprofit corporation involved in housing has the same level of
ability, the same focus, the same philosophy. Nonprofit corporations have
varying structures and sizes. Thousands of small neighborhood organizations
exist which have as their goal revitalization of a few blocks or a neighborhood.
Many of these seek to qualify as community development corporations (CDCs)  n54
and community housing development organizations (CHDOs).  n55 There are national
nonprofit organizations with local chapters, such as Habitat for Humanity, which
are actively engaged in housing development.  n56 Some nonprofits have
affordable housing as their sole mission. Others, like the Salvation Army, have
broader missions, but devote substantial resources to housing. Numerous
nonprofit organizations, such as the Leadership Council for Metropolitan Open
Communities in Chicago and the Metropolitan St. Louis Equal Housing Opportunity
Council, work to end discrimination in housing and to achieve integrated
neighborhoods.  n57

   Perhaps the most significantly expanding sector in the nonprofit housing
arena is the tenant management and tenant ownership movement, growth of which is
being driven in part by federal efforts to privatize public housing.  n58
Nonprofit tenant management corporations are being created in many urban areas
as tenants seek to manage, and even own, their complexes. Tenant organizations
are taking over public housing, Section 8 and other federally assisted projects.
In St. Louis, the Carr Square public housing complex is now  [*334]  owned and
operated by a tenant cooperative after many years of tenant management.  n59
Recently the Blumeyer Village Tenant Association took over management of one of
the largest public housing complexes in the nation.  n60

   Nonprofit corporations are first a creature of state government, but state
laws generally have very broad parameters and do not pose any significant
barrier to nonprofits engaging in activities to provide affordable housing.
Organizations incorporate under these state laws, and their internal procedures
are governed by articles of incorporation and bylaws which must be consistent
with state mandates.  n61 After incorporating, many nonprofits seek to become
tax exempt organizations under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code.
n62 By obtaining this status, they pay no income taxes, and donations to these
groups are tax deductible by the donor. Applying for tax exempt status has
proven to be one of the most difficult tasks for nonprofits, as the process
often requires professional help from attorneys, accountants and others.

   The IRS has been sending mixed signals to nonprofit housing developers about
how friendly it will be to their mission. One regulatory development can make
the process of obtaining tax exempt status easier for affordable housing
developers. The IRS has implemented a revised safe harbor provision for
nonprofit housing developers seeking 501(c)(3) status which will take some of
the uncertainty and anxiety out of the process for those organizations which
choose this procedure.  n63 While the provisions of the safe harbor contain
restrictions, such as requiring that seventy-five percent of units developed be
rented or sold to persons at or below eighty percent of the median income level
for the area, it is a positive step which will make it easier for nonprofits
willing to accept the restrictions to achieve tax exempt status.

   Meanwhile, on a less encouraging note, the IRS has signaled it will
scrutinize more closely than before applications for tax exempt status by
nonprofits which intend to partner with profit-motivated developers in Low
Income Housing Tax Credit deals.  n64 But it is such partnerships, where the
nonprofit serves as general partner and the for-profit serves as limited partner
and the capital provider, that Congress intended be formed to use tax credits,
particularly the ten percent set aside for nonprofits. As nonprofits, they are
unable to use the credits on their own and the set aside assumes they will
partner with for-profit entities. Since nonprofits are involved in almost a
quarter of all tax  [*335]  credit housing developments,  n65 Congress should
take action to ensure that the intent of the tax credit program is preserved
from this erosion by the IRS.

   The Tax Credit program should also be expanded to include for sale
development. Currently, tax credits are only available for projects which will
have rental units. Habitat for Humanity and other nonprofit developer focusing
on homeownership could greatly increase production if tax credits were available
to raise equity for their projects.

   Regardless of each nonprofit's mission, these groups are looking for two
things from the federal government: funding and regulatory flexibility.
Political pressure can increase the first demand. This article continues with
further suggestions for meeting the second demand in the context of a devolving
federal housing policy.

   IV.

 The Self-Sufficiency Movement: Strong Potential But Significant Limitations

 Groups such as EHPC are at the lead of changing housing and welfare policies
because of their commitment to supportive services. The popular theme of welfare
reformers is self-sufficiency, which places heavy emphasis on the use of
supportive services. Nonprofits are playing a major role in the self-sufficiency
movement, but they seek clarification of that role.

   A.

 Are All Residents of Assisted Housing Capable of Becoming Self Sufficient?

 EHPC describes its program as a "holistic" approach to helping people become
self-sufficient. During a three year period, sixty-percent of participants in
the EHPC self-sufficiency program have gone from welfare to work. EHPC owns and
operates 183 single-family homes in scattered sites among suburban communities
in the greater St. Louis area. The average family income is $ 5,000 plus. The
average family is a single-parent with three children. The parent has a grade
school plus education, and little or no employment experience or skills. Through
the social services that EHPC provides, the corporation expects that between
five and ten families per year will reach a level where they can afford
homeownership. However the rest of the families will remain renters, although
they may be able to double, and possibly triple their income during a three-five
year period.  n66

   Support services cost money and this money must be raised outside the
traditional housing income stream because the provision of social services
generally is not thought to be within the responsibility of housing managers.

    [*336]  Social services are often referred to as "soft" management costs.
Rental income and traditional housing subsidies have focused on the "hard"
management costs associated with collecting rent, keeping units in good
operating condition, and making necessary repairs. EHPC has estimated that its
supportive service program cost $ 2,000 per family, per year, in addition to its
traditional property management expenses. This translates into approximately $
165 a month per unit.  n67

   Because these expenses are not covered by rental income and traditional
housing subsidies, EHPC must raise over $ 350,000 per year to provide support
services for its 183 families. This is in addition to the funds it must raise to
sustain its basic management staff. Most of this money comes from churches,
other religious organizations, corporations and foundations, local government,
and wealthy individuals.  n68 EHPC's fundraisers report that raising money to
acquire and/or build new housing units is far easier than raising money to
provide the support services for existing tenants. In fact, EHPC's portfolio
might be two or three times its current size of 183 were it not for the fact
that it has been committed from the very beginning to the holistic management
concept.  n69

   As public officials debate the shape of future self-sufficiency programs and
how to best invest in them, they must understand the limits of such programs.
Self-sufficiency programs may not be practical for up to half of the households
receiving housing assistance. The General Accounting Office (GAO) reports that
thirty-five percent of households receiving assistance with housing have a head
of household who is elderly, and thirteen percent have a head of household who
is disabled.  n70 There are no discussions in Congress, and rightly so, of
self-sufficiency programs for the elderly. And while it is practical for some
disabled persons receiving assistance to join the work force, a significant
portion of the disabled population receiving housing assistance will not be
candidates for self-sufficiency programs.  n71 Therefore, self-sufficiency
programs should not be required for a large segment of the housing-assisted
population.

   In addition to these populations, the GAO has found that approximately
fifty-five percent of assisted households with children are headed by a single
parent, and forty-five percent of assisted households are headed by parents with
less than a high school education.  n72 Thus, even while Congress has re [*337]
cently tightened the definition of disability for Social Security Disability and
Supplemental Security Income to restrict benefits due to alcohol and drug
addiction,  n73 and to restrict SSI benefits for children,  n74 in some respects
policymakers must accept a broader definition of disability when it comes to
defining who can become self-sufficient. Critics of current policy have called
for an acknowledgment that "many of the hard-core segment of the welfare
population are just plain unemployable," due to low IQ, domestic violence,  n75
lack of public transportation, and other problems affecting employability.  n76

   A major dilemma facing housing providers in the self-sufficiency climate is
what to do with the large group of people who are not likely to become
self-sufficient for these reasons. This problem has plagued public officials
almost from the inception of the public housing program in the 1930s. During the
1940s and 1950s, the great migrations of rural people to the cities, along with
the rise of single parent families, caused a transformation of public housing
from a temporary home for persons between jobs to permanent housing for several
generations of the same families.  n77 Many of the public housing rent strikes
leading to enactment of rent-limitation legislation in 1969  n78 were caused by
concerns that persons on fixed incomes could not afford rent increases public
housing authorities claimed they had to impose to cope with escalating operating
expenses.  n79 The Sections 8 program enacted in 1974 contained long-term
residency expectations, with annual contributions contracts authorized to
provide housing assistance payments for twenty years, and in some cases forty
years.  n80 A major factor in the current self-sufficiency movement is the
looming expiration of thousands of these contracts in the next few years and the
multiplied effect renewal of these contracts would have on the federal  [*338]
budget.  n81

   The special services that organizations such as EHPC offer are designed to
assist people who have strong potential to become self-sufficient. These
programs can become particularly attractive to harried officials attempting to
diffuse local controversies over locations of assisted housing because people
participating in those programs, almost by definition, are deserving of public
support. But they do not respond to the housing needs of persons who do not have
potential for becoming self-sufficient, at least not in the short term.

   B.

 Are Durational Limits for Housing Assistance Realistic?

 Time limits on housing assistance are included in some of the proposals which
will be considered by Congress. During the debate over various segments of the
Republican Contract with America, GOP leaders called for limiting housing
assistance to a fixed period, just as they called for, and have implemented,
time limits on AFDC benefits.  n82 But they were not alone. The Democratic
Leadership Council in the fall of 1994 proposed limiting occupancy in public
housing to two years.  n83 A leading Democrat in 1994 called for limiting
certain housing assistance to five years as a "middle ground."  n84 The
Congressional Budget Office studied the issue, and noted that while limiting the
duration of housing assistance would allow funds to be used by a larger number
of families, it would have a harsh impact on those who could not better their
situation within the limit.  n85

   Congress is now considering approaches to self-sufficiency which do not
include specific one-size-fits all deadlines for termination of assistance.

   The current House approved measure requires able-bodied tenants to enter into
a self-sufficiency plan which provides a target date by which the family intends
to leave assisted housing, or in the terms of the proposal, "graduate from"
assisted housing.  n86 The self-sufficiency plan would become part of the lease,
but failure to meet the goals set cannot be a basis of eviction under the bill.
This plan is clearly more desirable than strict time limits. The Senate version
has even less restrictive language on self-sufficiency plans.

   Perhaps it is the limited opportunity for a recipient to abuse housing
assistance that has led to an absence of time limits on housing assistance to
this  [*339]  point.  n87 Also, as discussed earlier, for about half of those
receiving assistance, the need for assistance will be permanent.  n88 No one has
suggested that the elderly or disabled be allowed to reside in assisted housing
only for limited periods of time.

   Durational residency limits may be attractive as a sort of quick fix for
public and assisted housing programs. But they would do little to solve the
serious housing problems faced by low-income persons in this country.  n89
Realistic self-sufficiency programs containing effective supportive services can
encourage low-income tenants with reasonable employment potential to become
productive members of their communities. But those who do not have employment
potential because of age, disability or responsibility for infant children
should not be denied receipt of housing assistance so long as they are willing
to abide by reasonable standards of care for their apartment and their
neighbors. The proper definition of those standards remains elusive to housing
providers as they search for an appropriate balance between legitimate landlord
and tenant interests described above.

   For the reasons stated here, policymakers should abandon any arbitrary
deadlines for assistance and instead turn to other positive, gradual methods of
encouraging people to become self-sufficient. As one Catholic bishop has aptly
stated: "Time limits and lectures are no substitute for jobs and wages that can
support a family."  n90

   C.

 Potentially Conflicting Roles for Nonprofits

 When should a nonprofit housing provider refuse to accept an applicant? What
happens if the target dates for self-sufficiency are not met but the tenant has
faithfully paid agreed rental charges and utility bills and has complied with
all the rules and regulations of the housing development? In short, the tenant
is a traditional "good" tenant. Is that tenant to be evicted because he or she
has not achieved self-sufficiency? If so, where is that tenant likely to find
decent housing? Because the tenant has failed at self-sufficiency, is it not
likely that the tenant would find far more difficulty in acquiring housing that
is at least as good? What about the children? Should the children be evicted
from decent housing because the parents were unsuccessful in achieving
self-sufficiency, even though their parents were paying the rent and maintaining
the unit?

   Potential conflicts for nonprofits begin when a family applies for a unit.
[*340]  Many of the recent discussions about improving the availability of
affordable housing have included a call for improved tenant selection
procedures. HUD's "One Strike and You're Out" policy, for example, includes
tighter screening of applicants for public housing.  n91 Of course, "improved"
tenant selection means selecting residents who don't have criminal records, who
will watch their children, take care of their property, get a job, and abide by
the law. The tenants of beleaguered public housing complexes - long considered
the housing of last resort - want drug dealers and ex-convicts out of their
buildings, just like anyone else would.  n92 But stricter tenant selection is a
double-edged sword.

   The dilemma faced by nonprofits is the reality that many of the families they
are trying to assist have a history of social problems, ranging from bad credit
to criminal records. Nonprofits by their nature have a social justice mission,
and desire to serve the less fortunate. Thus, these organizations will be more
forgiving even though their screening is more thorough than private owners. For
years, many nonprofit housing organizations have employed such tools as home
visits to determine a family's suitability for housing assistance, but at the
same time will assist a troubled family instead of using the information it
collects to reject them.  n93

   Regarding creditworthiness, nonprofits often look the other way. EHPC in St.
Louis no longer conducts credit checks on its applicants.  n94 The reason, as
indicated in the opening story, is that virtually all the applicants have bad
credit. That is why they need housing assistance.  n95 The local chapter of
Habitat for Humanity has even sold a home to a family who had just recently gone
through bankruptcy proceedings,  n96 and groups like Habitat are slow to evict
or foreclose on a family as long as there is a willingness on the family's part
to improve. These examples show a willingness by nonprofits to loosen the
economic criteria for participation in their programs.

   But while nonprofits may bend greatly when it comes to standards of
creditworthiness, they have taken a stricter approach when it comes to criminal
activity. Nonprofits, just the same as private landlords and housing
authorities, tend to screen out applicants with criminal histories. But even
this scrutiny can be criticized. Recently, a disabled veteran applied for an
apartment with the  [*341]  local housing authority. He was denied on the basis
of a three-year-old conviction for theft.  n97 Assuming this was his only
criminal problem, it can be debated whether he should be deprived of housing
assistance.

   Some communities are attempting to remove the stigma of nonviolent criminal
offenses as barriers to affordable housing. For example, St. Louis County will
offer a Legal Fair for Women to exonerate them from misdemeanor records which
are barriers to housing and jobs.  n98 And veterans groups in a number of cities
offer a Standdown for Homeless Veterans once a year which includes judges on
site to resolve minor criminal matters for veterans.  n99

   One proposal almost certain to be approved would give all landlords,
for-profit and nonprofit, more leeway in who they accept as tenants. Congress
likely will permanently terminate the take-one-take all rule for Section 8
housing, which required a landlord who accepted one family with a Section 8
certificate to accept anyone else who applied and received Section 8 assistance.
n100 While the intent of the rule was to ensure an adequate supply of affordable
housing for certificate holders, the elimination of the rule will give
landlords, including nonprofits, the freedom to accept a Section 8 family
without committing to serving others in that program. No doubt nonprofits will
not rely on this new policy as frequently as for-profit landlords.

   Nonprofits who take risks by serving those with a history of social problems
should be given regulatory flexibility and incentives for dealing with this
population. Alternatively, if accommodations are not made for nonprofits who
take risks when others will not, these groups should not be expected to carry
the burden of serving "non-copers." While these organizations desire to serve
the disadvantaged, they do not have the resources to serve everyone who applies
for assistance. If self-sufficiency is the trend for the coming years, and
intense services are needed to help participants achieve self-sufficiency,
nonprofits will not have the capacity to serve those with little promise of
cycling through a transitional program.

   Troubling as these questions may be to a traditional profit motivated
business-oriented landlord, they may be especially difficult for nonprofit
neighborhood-based or religious-oriented landlords, who mushroomed in urban
America in the last twenty years and which are now being written into housing
policy reform efforts. What becomes of the mission of the organization? Is it a
housing provider? Or has it become a self-sufficiency motivator? Or both? How
can a nonprofit landlord resolve the potential conflict of these two roles?
[*342]  The answer may lie in an analysis of the "hard" and "soft" components of
housing management.

   D.

 Balancing "Hard" and "Soft" Management Concerns

 Housing providers and tenant advocates, as well as government officials, are
searching for an appropriate balance between the traditional prerogatives of
residential landlords and the expectations of tenants who receive governmental
assistance. The concept of a statutory tenancy from which a tenant cannot be
evicted except for good cause  n101 threatens landlords with the spectre of
being saddled with a host of bad tenants, who cannot be evicted.  n102 The
concept of case management in which a willingness to participate in a
self-sufficiency driven social services program becomes a condition to selection
as a tenant threatens tenants with the spectre of being tossed out of their
housing because somebody decides that they have not made sufficient progress
towards becoming self-sufficient.  n103

   A major shift in the balance between landlords and tenants in the assisted
housing context has received far less attention than it deserves. For many
years, residents of Section 8 and other assisted housing could only be evicted
for good cause, which was defined as a serious or repeated violation of a lease
term.  n104 This amounted to what some have called an "endless lease". The term
was accurate in the sense that even if a Section 8 tenant signed a twelve-month
lease, the landlord could not evict the person at the end of the lease term
because a government subsidy was involved. Under that system, there in effect
was no term to the lease. Tenants could stay as long as they wanted unless
[*343]  they were guilty of serious or repeated violations of the lease.

   Congress, by way of an appropriations bill, has temporarily eliminated the
endless lease system.  n105 Currently a tenant must be given at least a
twelve-month initial lease, but after that lease has expired, the tenancy can
become month-to-month, although longer terms are allowed and encouraged. But
after the initial term, there is no obligation of a landlord to renew a lease.
Therefore, a tenant with a Section 8 certificate or voucher retains the security
of the assistance in that he or she can use the voucher or certificate with
another willing landlord, but the security of staying in the same residence for
a long period has disappeared. The major housing reform legislation now being
considered in Congress would permanently end the endless lease principle.  n106

   Where does the self-sufficiency component fit into the traditional
residential landlord-tenant relationship that has evolved over the last
twenty-five years? Judge J. Skelly Wright's famous characterization of a modern
urban residential tenancy as an agreement for a "package" of shelter,  n107
transformed the urban residential rental agreement from a legal relationship
based on possession of land to one based on a clean, healthy and safe housing
environment.  n108 For the most part, this transformation viewed the
relationship from the tenant's perspective. What would a tenant who is in a
relatively good bargaining position expect from a landlord in return for a
payment of rent? The traditional answer was possession of land and the right to
exclude people from that land. The modern answer is a "package of shelter" that
includes far more than mere possession and allocates responsibility for the
quality of the shelter package to the landlord.

   If a tenant can expect more than mere possession, how much more than rent
payments can a landlord expect. In St. Louis, McCormack Baron & Associates
development company is building a mixed-income development which includes public
housing units alongside market rate units. Richard Baron, president of McCormack
Baron, has proposed that the leases for all the new units require parents of
students who attend the local public school attend parent-teacher meetings and
visit the school when required by the school.  n109 A St. Louis area
religiously-affiliated nonprofit organization requires families in its  [*344]
transitional housing program to work with a case manager, allow home visits,
attend programs, save thirty percent of family income, and perform ten hours of
community service.  n110 Many nonprofit social service organizations require
participation in programs leading to self-sufficiency.

   Virtually no legal authority has developed on the issue of whether a tenant
could be evicted from subsidized housing for failing to meet an obligation
unrelated to traditional leasehold obligations. One can argue that until federal
regulations, which provide a list of reasons for termination of assistance, are
amended to allow for termination or eviction for failure to meet a non-tenancy
related obligation, that landlords are prevented from doing so, even if allowed
to do so in the lease.

   The primary proposals for housing reform in Congress both would require adult
members of assisted housing units to contribute at least 8 hours of volunteer
work per month.  n111 The proposals are silent on a penalty for noncompliance
with this work requirement. It is presumed the penalty for failing to complete
this monthly requirement would be loss of assistance and eviction. Loss of
assistance and eviction would be a drastic step that could lead to efforts to
add similar social requirements in leases even though they are unrelated to
traditional notions of a good tenancy.

   What then are we to make of the support services that may be provided by a
landlord in order to encourage someone to become self-sufficient? Is this part
of the "package of shelter"? If it is, what is the obligation of the tenant?
Presumably, the tenant is required to participate in the services package that
landlords are providing. So, for example, the tenant would be required to attend
job training classes, to sign up for appropriate schooling, to get up in the
morning and get to a job interview on time, things of this sort. Suppose the
tenant does that but does not get a job, a degree, or simply does not make it?
If the support services are part of the shelter package, can the landlord
withdraw that part of the shelter package without breaching the landlord's
warranty? Can the landlord evict the tenant for failure to get a job?

   Evictions or withdrawal of services can put a conscientious tenant in an
intolerable situation, particularly if jobs paying living wages are not
available. The standard should be participation, not success. If tenants meet
traditional "hard" management standards of good tenancy (paying rent and caring
for their units), and also participate in "soft" management educational and
training programs, they should not face the loss of their housing because their
progress toward self-sufficiency is slow.

[*345]

   V.

 The Housing Continuum: Changing Relationships of Housing Provider and Recipient



   Housing providers acknowledge that housing assistance is provided along a
continuum, spanning from homeless shelters at one end to homeownership at the
other. The housing continuum of care model may be illustrated by the homeless
services networks in existence in St. Louis City and St. Louis County.

   A.

 Shelter and Eviction Prevention Service Providers

 The City of St. Louis has received national recognition for its comprehensive
and coordinated approach to providing services to homeless individuals.  n112
While shelters continue to play a major role in the city's network, the
importance of traditional and permanent housing opportunities, often provided by
nonprofit housing corporations, has been recognized from the early days of the
network in the mid-1980s.  n113

   St. Louis County has developed a continuum of care model that draws heavily
on the experiences of the City of St. Louis. As Appendix A indicates, the
continuum of care begins with a 24-hour homeless hotline, from which St. Louis
County receives 20,000 calls per year. Upon receipt of a call, an intake
operator determines the purpose of the call. The operator has the option to
place homeless persons in emergency shelters, or to process the person to allow
for the provision of temporary rent and mortgage assistance, as well as other
prevention or relocation counseling services to help people avoid becoming
homeless.  n114

   It is generally well-accepted that homeless shelters should be able to
condition their services on a person's participation in various activities. For
exam [*346]  ple, participation by employable persons in job training, job
searching, or actual work, are conditions for receiving service at many
shelters.  n115 Other conditions for service at shelters include mandatory
sharing of chores, attendance at parenting classes or credit counseling classes,
and mandatory escrow accounts. At many shelters, a resident's welfare check is
placed into an escrow account so that at the time the resident leaves, he or she
has funds for leasing a home or apartment.  n116 Generally, if a person in a
shelter does not comply with these mandates he or she can be removed from the
shelter with no formal evictions process.

   B.

 Self-Sufficiency Programs in Transitional and Permanent Housing


   The tougher questions come when conditions are imposed on housing assistance
once a person leaves a shelter. There has been little debate regarding what
conditions can be placed on transitional and/or permanent housing provided by
the government, or by nonprofit organizations.

   When families or individuals leave emergency shelters in St. Louis County,
they must appear before the centralized Case Referral Council for an interview.
The Case Referral Council consists of a professional from each of seven social
service disciplines: substance abuse, mental health, transitional housing,
permanent housing, a Department of Health representative, a school coordinator,
and a Department of Human Services representative. A formerly homeless person is
also part of the Council.  n117

   The Case Referral Council refers clients to transitional housing, with an
independent living plan developed for the family. Transitional housing offers
apartment-style residency for one to two years and a heavy dose of social
services designed to move families forward in their bid for self-sufficiency.
These services include living skills, educational and employment counseling,
health screening, strengthening family ties, among other offerings. These
services are initially offered in the emergency shelters and continue in
transitional housing. Experience in both St. Louis City and St. Louis County
indicates that government entities and service providers, many of them nonprofit
organizations, are capable of organizing an effective emergency shelter program
and are capable of developing good and effective transitional housing options,
although there are very few actual beds in relationship to the demand for
transitional housing. The stumbling block, according to the housing and  [*347]
shelter providers, is the final step - the move to permanent housing. Patricia
A. Farrell, Homeless Services Supervisor in St. Louis County, stated that "our
ultimate dream is to be able to place people in transitional housing that could
turn into permanent housing so that they would not have to move again."  n118

   The proposed legislation in Congress clearly would make self-sufficiency
programs part of the lease for assisted housing, both transitional and
permanent.  n119 Tenant advocates view the incorporation of self-sufficiency
requirements into leases as a step backwards because it could give landlords a
pretext for alleging that they have good cause for terminating a lease for
assisted housing when no serious breach of traditional lease terms has occurred.
n120 Commentators have suggested that low-income persons need greater rather
than lesser protection from lease terminations.  n121

   Yet the incorporation of self-sufficiency requirements into assisted housing
leases will give housing providers a longer list of reasons to evict. To the
typical docket of evictions for criminal conduct, disruptive behavior and
unauthorized live-ins, will be cases of tenants being evicted for failing to
attend parenting classes or job training. Nonprofit housing providers who will
most likely be the type of landlord to offer supportive services will continue
to struggle with.

   VI.

 A Realistic Yet Optimistic Approach


   How might Patricia Farrell's dream of transitional housing becoming
transformed into permanent housing be realized?  n122 Three possibilities
suggest themselves and all possibilities should be included in a comprehensive
housing policy.

   A.

 Escrow Accounts and Self-Sufficiency


   To encourage work and self-sufficiency, HUD has adopted regulations to allow,
but not require, local public housing authorities to disregard all or part of
earned income for public housing residents.  n123 The major Congressional
housing reform bill adopts this approach for public housing and Section 8
tenants.  n124

   Asset building should be part of any overall welfare strategy. Fortunately,
the major welfare reform bill approved by Congress does include Individual
[*348]  Development Accounts which allow for families to save funds for the day
they become self-sufficient, and the money in such an account can be used for
the purchase of a home.  n125 Tying Individual Development Accounts to a plan
for permanent housing is a positive development.  n126 Yet an escrow account
will be of limited benefit if it depends solely on the family's contributions.
While the welfare reform bill provides for the possibility of matching
contributions from nonprofits or states,  n127 it may take federal support in
the near term to make these accounts a truly successful tool.

   For example, a low-income family whose income would require it to pay $ 100 a
month as its share of the rent under Section 8, would instead pay $ 50 in rent
and $ 50 into an escrow account. The federal budget would pick up the additional
$ 50 a month rent for five years, and in exchange for this federal outlay, the
family would accumulate $ 3,000 plus interest to apply to a down payment or to
prepay rent on a market rate unit. It may then be feasible to terminate housing
assistance for families in this situation, although flexibility would be
necessary for families who are working but still cannot be viewed as
self-sufficient.

   The escrow account, coupled with the economic and psychological value of
gradual acceptance of responsibilities for maintenance of the unit, can create
an environment in which homeownership becomes a realistic possibility. This will
work particularly well if the housing that is included in the transitional phase
is relatively easy to convert to single-family ownership. Such housing should
include free standing single-family units, duplexes, garden apartments, and a
variety of related designs that are not tied to a large multi-family building.
n128

   B.

 Good Faith Efforts Should be Sufficient


   For public/assisted housing eligible tenants who are not likely to achieve
self-sufficiency within a relatively short time frame, transitional housing can
still become permanent housing if the organization that owns the transitional
housing is willing to make a commitment to long-term housing at the same time.
n129 Families in transitional housing would be able to stay and the housing
could be converted to permanent housing by a showing that the family is
participating in good faith in the social services programs being offered. It
would not be necessary for the family to "succeed" in becoming self-sufficient.
If the family is doing a good job of caring for the unit, is paying its portion
of the  [*349]  rent and utilities on time, is keeping the rules, and is making
sure that children are attending school, it should be able to stay at least
until all the children finish secondary school. For this family, the goal does
not have to be self-sufficiency for the adults. Instead, the goal should be
self-sufficiency for the children when they reach adulthood.

   The self sufficiency reform movement is driven by two related arguments: 1)
public assistance should be temporary rather than permanent, and 2) people are
more responsible if they have to work for their living rather than having it
handed to them. Put another way: the world does not owe me a living. Able-bodied
adults without sole child or adult care responsibilities should be able to
function in a self-sufficiency environment. Small children, persons with severe
disabilities, and frail elderly should not be expected to be self sufficient.
There appears to be general agreement with those two propositions. There is
sharp disagreement, though, regarding able-bodied adults who have child or adult
care responsibilities, and adults with mild disabilities or substance abuse
problems.

   Should, for example, a simple parent caring for two or three small children
be required to sign up for employment training and a job as a condition to
continued receipt of housing assistance? If so, child care will have to be
provided day long until the children are in school, then latch-key until they
are old enough to be by themselves. If the single parent is otherwise eligible
for housing assistance, she probably will not be able to afford the cost of day
care. Publicly financed day care could cost $ 5000 per family.  n130 The Section
8 housing assistance program, which has been under severe criticism in from its
inception provides, an average annual subsidy of $ 1,333 per family per year.
n131 These average costs, unscientific and oversimplified as they may be,
illustrate the significant additional costs involved in conditioning housing
assistance for low-income families on employment opportunities by adult care
givers responsible for small children.

   Would not a better approach be to drop employment and training conditions,
encourage single parents to stay home with pre-school children, and use a
portion of the resulting savings to assist nonprofit housing providers pay for
the support services they offer to strengthens families and stabilize their
environments? As previously noted, these "soft" management services can average
[*350]  $ 150-200 per family per month or $ 1,800-2,400 per year.  n132 When
children reach school age, their parents can begin serious employment training.
Viewed from this perspective, self-sufficiency can be seen as responsible
parents, keeping a clean apartment and encouraging their children to develop
into responsible adults. As EHPC and other nonprofit housing providers have
discovered, the combination of decent housing in stable neighborhoods with
supportive family services, can transform the lives of very low-income, single
parent families.  n133

   A housing program that offers the comfort, security and stability of decent,
safe housing while the children are growing up may be more important than a
program that insists on the adult members of the family achieving some level of
self-sufficiency in an unrealistically short period of time.

   C.

 Congregate Living Arrangements to Serve Dependent Adults

 Small congregate living arrangements are widely accepted as an excellent option
for many types of individuals needing limited assistance with daily living or
simply a structured environment. Group homes serve the elderly, people with
Alzheimer's, AIDS victims, the developmentally disabled and others. But group
homes, or other small congregate living arrangements, also have the potential
for serving "non-copers" and others who have no immediate prospects of achieving
self-sufficiency but who are not disabled in the traditional meaning of that
term.

   For example, Legal Services offices and law school clinics see many clients
who are struggling in life. They are not disabled, at least not in they eyes of
the government, but their limited abilities, intellectually and socially,
prevent them from even reaching the bottom rung of the upward mobility ladder.
But as able-bodied adults, current public policy insists they find work. When
they cannot, because of the limited job offerings for which they are qualified,
or because of lack of transportation or other limitations, society labels them
as failures and deadbeats. But for many of these dependent adults, a structured
environment, not necessarily with intense services, is all that is required.

   Consider group homes for the developmentally disabled. They thrive not just
because a nondisabled care provider is present, but because the residents
contribute to the life of the home by doing chores and perhaps working at
sheltered workshops or other facilities. Why can not this model work for adults
who are not developmentally disabled, but whose limited education and life
circumstances have led them to be incapable of living independently?

   For purposes of providing housing assistance, society must develop a broader
definition of what is considered a disability. Those who are socially disabled,
and who would benefit from congregate living arrangements, should  [*351]  be a
part of the group home industry. It may take state and local governments to
operate such homes, as most group homes for the disabled are operated by
providers with a specific focus on certain disabilities. However, nonprofits may
be interested in operating such homes with adequate resources from local
government.

   Opposition from residents of areas around any such homes would be a major
hurdle. Litigation has surrounded many of the efforts to establish group homes
in Missouri & Illinois.  n134 Neighborhood opposition to group homes is
widespread and disturbing. There is a need for a strong federal policy
supporting groups homes. The Fair Housing Act has provided statutory support in
some respects,  n135 but some federal legislative proposals, instead of
encouraging group homes, would severely hinder the ability of developers,
including nonprofits such as Oxford House, Inc., to operate these small group
houses, particularly homes for recovering drug addicts and alcoholics.  n136
Instead of restricting these efforts, Congress should affirmatively act to
clarify the Fair Housing Act to guarantee that small group homes for disabled
persons, and perhaps non-disabled persons needing congregate living arrangements
for economic or other reasons, be given a status equal to that of single family
residences.  n137

   Single room occupancy facilities or SROs, may also be a solution for
"non-copers" or others who do not qualify for self-sufficiency programs and who
are not disabled. These facilities, which provide inexpensive but very modest
accommodations, may work well to serve single adults in certain circumstances.
For example, the sixty-year-old widower with no family, ineligible for any
government assistance, but unable to find employment, does not need extensive
supportive services. He would be satisfied with a single room, as long as it was
affordable. Such SRO facilities are increasing, but not at a rate which matches
increasing demand.

   D.

 Technical Assistance

 All of the proposals outlined here would require significant resources of
several types, including technical assistance from lawyers, accountants,
architects, social workers, developers and others. Allowing more federal dollars
to be used for technical assistance is one avenue of flexibility which would
help expand the capacity of these organizations. The Local Initiatives Support
Corporation (LISC) and the Enterprise Foundation are two of the major national
[*352]  organizations designed to help nonprofit housing developers with
technical assistance. The Enterprise Foundation has provided assistance to more
than 500 organizations and has provided $ 1.7 billion in loans, grants, and
investments.  n138

   Meanwhile, volunteer professionals at the local level also can fill this
technical assistance gap. In St. Louis, Professional Housing Resources, Inc.
responds to hundreds of requests each year from nonprofit housing organizations.
Volunteer attorneys, accountants, architects, social workers and others
contribute their services for such issues as incorporation, tax matters,
development issues, and management problems  n139 with these free professional
services provided in a coordinated manner.

   VII.

 Conclusion

 The "devolution revolution," as exemplified by the 1996 welfare reform
legislation, has created major uncertainties for housing and homeless services
providers. How the states will respond to new responsibilities that are
accompanied by fewer resources is a matter of conjecture at the moment. As
welfare reform begins to be implemented, it is increasingly clear that it will
have major impact on housing policy. Low-income families may be able to accept
"a new social contract that expects and rewards work and responsible behavior"
in return for help in finding jobs, protecting children and escaping poverty.
n140 Nonprofits would benefit from greater coordination between welfare and
housing reform. They would benefit from regulatory flexibility, including a more
favorable environment for tax credit transactions with for-profit entities and
the ability to use tax credits for homeownership projects. Housing policy should
recognize that nonprofits will need resources to provide supportive services for
families working toward self-sufficiency, but should also recognize that not all
persons or families will be able to attain self-sufficiency. Nonprofits will
need resources to serve the noncopers whom no one else will serve. Good faith
efforts should be recognized, and there should be no strict time limits on
housing assistance. Escrow accounts should be encouraged for permanent housing
needs for those who can become self-sufficient, and congregate living should be
fostered as an alternative to serve those who cannot.

   Nonprofit housing providers have a key role to play in the successful
implementation of a decentralized social contract. But their success depends in
large part on recognition of two realities: 1) a stable, long-term, affordable
housing environment is an essential element for achieving self-sufficiency, and
[*353]  2) a large number of low-income persons have little prospect of
achieving self-sufficiency, but can lead dignified lives if offered a similar
stable, long-term, affordable housing environment.

   [SEE ORIGINAL IN ORIGINAL]

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsPublic ImprovementsCommunity RedevelopmentPublic Health & Welfare
LawHousing & Public BuildingsLow Income HousingPublic Health & Welfare LawSocial
SecurityAssistance to FamiliesTemporary Assistance to Needy FamiliesGeneral
Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  See, e.g., Election Isn't Expected to Have Major Impact on Housing Policy,
24 [Current Developments] Housing & Dev. Rep. (BNA) 417 (Nov. 18, 1996);
Republicans, Democrats Trade Charges Over Death of Housing Bill, 24 [Current
Developments] Housing & Dev. Rep. (BNA) 323 (Oct. 7, 1996). As this essay went
to press, H.R. 2 had been adopted in the House on May 14, 1997, and S. 462 was
nearing final passage in the Senate. See also Congressional Staff Members
Optimistic on Housing Reform, 24 [Current Developments] Housing & Dev. Rep.
(BNA) 740 (April 7, 1997).




n2.  U.S. Dep't of Housing & Urb. Dev., Empowerment, A New Covenant with
America's Communities: President Clinton's National Urban Policy Report 33
(1995) (organizations that provide "bridges to suburban employment opportunities
must be firmly grounded in the inner-city that they serve,") (citing Bennett
Harrison, Building Bridges: Community Development Corporations and the World of
Employment Training (1993)). See, e.g., U.S. Dep't. of Housing & Urb. Dev.,
Beyond Shelter: Building Communities of Opportunity (The United States Report
for HABITAT II) 18-22 (1996) (describing President Clinton's Community
Empowerment Agenda, including the Empowerment Zone and Enterprise Community
(EZ/EC) and National Community Development Initiative (NCDI) programs, and
urging state and local governments to "expand their use of community-based
organizations to implement programs and deliver services to inner-city
communities").




n3.  The fiscal 1997 HUD appropriation law (H.R. 3666, Pub. L. 104-204)
continued the trend of major reductions in funding, e.g., $ 350 million instead
of $ 624 million (1996) for Low-Income Housing Preservation and Resident
Homeownership Act (LIHPRHA) and Emergency Low-Income Housing Preservation Act
(ELIHPA) projects, and no new money for rental subsidies for qualified families
not already receiving housing subsidies. Jason De Parle, Slamming the Door, N.Y.
Times Mag., Oct. 20, 1996, 6 at 1; Joseph P. Poduska, President Signs HUD Bill
With Preservation Funding, Section 8 Restructuring, 24 [Current Developments]
Housing & Dev. Rep. (BNA) 322 (Oct. 7, 1996).




n4.  See Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of
1996, Pub. L. 104-193, 101-103 (codified at 42 U.S.C. 601-609) (substituting
block grants to states for federal entitlement programs providing public
assistance to needy families).




n5.  See Victoria C. Spitter, As Government Assistance Decreases, Homelessness
Increases: A Closer Look at Welfare, Housing and Homelessness, 3 U. Pa. J. L. &
Soc. Change 111 (1996); Mary Bryna Sanger, Welfare Reform Within a Changing
Context: Redefining the Terms of the Debate, 23 Fordham Urb. L.J. 273 (1996).




n6.  See, e.g., Housing Partnership v. Town of Rollinsford, 683 A.2d 189 (N.H.
1996) (exemption from state property tax denied a section 501(c)(3) nonprofit
New Hampshire corporation that charged rents based on the operating costs of the
building rather than tenants' ability to pay) (discussed in Nonprofit Housing
with Rents Based on Operating Costs Not Tax-Exempt, 24 [Current Developments]
Housing & Dev. Rep. (BNA) 282 (Sept. 9, 1996)); IRS Rejects Tax-Exempt Status of
Affordable Housing Developer, 24 [Current Developments] Housing & Dev. Rep.
(BNA) 456 (Dec. 2, 1996) (nonprofit incorporated as sole general partner in a
limited partnership denied tax-exempt status because agreements by nonprofit
general partner to repurchase interest of and/or indemnify limited partner's
investment expectations held to be substantial non-exempt activities).




n7.  See, e.g., Republicans Take Aim at Gender Gap, Atlanta J. Constitution,
Aug. 13, 1996, at 1A.




n8.  Mike Feinsilber, Churches put Little Faith in Clinton's Welfare Idea, St.
Louis Post-Dispatch, Mar. 9, 1997, at 12A.




n9.  HUD, Beyond Shelter, supra note 2, at 22.




n10.  42 U.S.C. 11301 (1994).




n11.  42 U.S.C. 12771 (1994).




n12.  42 U.S.C. 5303 (1994).




n13.  FHA Multifamily Procedures For Nonprofit Mortgagors Revised, 24 [Current
Developments] Housing & Dev. Rep. (BNA) 273 (Sept. 9, 1996).




n14.  42 U.S.C. 12901 (1994).




n15.  42 U.S.C. 3616a (1994).




n16.  I.R.C. 42 (1994).




n17.  12 U.S.C. 1709, 1715b (1994); 42 U.S.C. 1441 (1994).




n18.  HUD Suspends Leasing Under Property Distribution Program, 24 [Current
Developments] Housing & Dev. Rep. (BNA) 452 (Dec. 2, 1996).




n19.  Low-Income Housing Preservation and Resident Homeownership Act of 1990, 12
U.S.C. 4101-24, 4141-47 (1994).




n20.  24 C.F.R. 248.157 (1996); HUD Will Use Third Parties To Speed Up
Reengineering Activity, 25 [Current Developments] Housing & Dev. Rep. (BNA) 37
(June 2, 1997).




n21.  Section 8 Tenants Would Be Accepted in Only About Half of Rental Units in
HUD Survey, 24 [Current Developments] Housing & Dev. Rep. (BNA) 528 (Dec. 30,
1996).




n22.  42 U.S.C. 12805 (Supp. 1996). The St. Louis Habitat Chapter currently
requires homebuyers to contribute 450 sweat equity hours by working on building
their own home or a neighbor's. Habitat buyers purchase homes through
no-interest loans.




n23.  See, e.g., Partnership Promotes Women's Homeownership, 24 [Current
Developments] Housing & Dev. Rep. (BNA) 105 (July 1, 1996).




n24.  Habitat's headquarters is located in House Speaker Newt Gingrich's home
state of Georgia.




n25.  Notice of Implementation of the Omnibus Consolidated Rescissions and
Appropriations Act, 61 Fed. Reg. 41,641, 41,642 (1996).




n26.  Cisneros Lauches Program to Link Cities to Suburban Jobs, 24 [Current
Developments] Housing & Dev. Rep. (BNA) 326 (Oct. 7, 1996).




n27.  Robert Cervero, Jobs-Housing Balance Revisited, Trends and Impacts in the
San Francisco Bay Area, J. Am. Plan. Ass'n, 492 (1996).




n28.  See Bennett L. Hecht, Developing Affordable Housing: A Practical Guide for
Nonprofit Organizations 5 (1994) (citing Tax Reform Act of 1986, Pub. L. No.
99-514, 100 Stat. 2085 (1986)).




n29.  Elimination of HUD Could Have "Far-Reaching Effects," GAO Says, 24
[Current Developments] Housing & Dev. Rep. (BNA) 681 (Mar. 10, 1997); Blueprint
II Encourages Local Partnerships, Would Consolidate Funds, 23 [Current
Developments] Housing & Dev. Rep. (BNA) 547 (Jan. 15, 1996).




n30.  Supra note 3.




n31.  Supra note 9 and accompanying text.




n32.  H.R. 2 and S. 462 (public housing and Section 8 reform); H.R. 1433
(Section 8 restructuring); H.R. 217 (homelessness assistance reform).




n33.  H.R. 217.




n34.  Coalition Calls for Full Funding of HUD to Support Welfare Reform, 24
[Current Developments] Housing & Dev. Rep. (BNA) 558 (Jan. 13, 1997).




n35.  Minutes of Oasis Women's Center (Alton, Ill.) Board Strategic Planning
Meeting, Nov. 1, 1996 (copy on file with the Saint Louis University Public Law
Review).




n36.  Id.




n37.  Supra note 34.




n38.  HUD Seeking Big Budget Hike in 1998 to Handle Section 8 Renewals, 24
[Current Developments] Housing & Dev. Rep. (BNA) 385 (Nov. 4, 1996); HUD Has
Selected 45 Public Housing Authorities That Will Receive $ 31 million in grants,
24 [Current Developments] Housing & Dev. Rep. (BNA) 820 (May 5, 1997).




n39.  42 U.S.C. 1437a(a)(1) (1994).




n40.  Welfare Reform May Boost Need for Housing Subsidies, 24 [Current
Developments] Housing & Dev. Rep. (BNA) 424 (Nov. 18, 1996).




n41.  Id.




n42.  HUD Seeking Big Budget Hike in 1998 to Handle Section 8 Renewals, supra
note 38, at 385.




n43.  Peter Salsich, Jr., Welfare Reform: Is Self-Sufficiency Feasible Without
Affordable Housing?, 2 Mich. L. & Pol'y Rev. 43, 62 (1997); Housing Proposal as
Means to Help Welfare Recipients Improve Their Economic Condition, 24 [Current
Developments] Housing & Dev. Rep. (BNA) 264 (Sept. 9, 1996).




n44.  But see United States v. Gatling, 96 F.3d 1511 (D.C. Cir. 1996) (affirming
the convictions of D.C. employees who accepted bribes to distribute Section 8
vouchers to persons who were not appropriate recipients).




n45.  Supra note 17.




n46.  See, e.g., HUD, Justice Plain "Get Tough" Effort Against Landlords Who
Misuse Federal Assistance, 24 [Current Developments] Housing & Dev. Rep. (BNA)
739 (April 7, 1997) (announcing a fifty city effort to end financial skimming
and failure to properly maintain units by private landlords securing Section 8
payments).




n47.  Housing Proposed Means to Help Welfare Recipients Improve Their Economic
Condition, supra note 43.




n48.  In the fiscal 1997 HUD appropriation law, H.R. 3666, Pub. L. 104-204, no
new money for new Section 8, certificates or vouchers was included. DeParle,
supra, note 3, at 1.




n49.  Letter from Christopher Krehmeyer, Executive Director, Ecumenical Housing
Production Corporation, to Richard G. Grose, Executive Director, Missouri
Housing Development Commission (July 10, 1996) (on file with the Saint Louis
University Public Law Review).




n50.  Id.




n51.  Id.

1) Case Management. A caseworker will be assigned to locate, coordinate and
facilitate access to available community services and to provide individual and
group counseling, including crisis counseling to enable families to avoid the
kind of situations which may cause them to revert to homelessness.



2) Emergency food vouchers. These will also be made available.



3) Supportive Services. The supportive services component is designed to enable
individuals to overcome barriers to self-sufficiency by providing child care,
transportation, and job training, including employability skill building,
occupational skills training, and job development.



The job training component is designed to assist previously homeless tenants to
acquire and maintain permanent employment. It has four key features: tenant
commitment to training and obtaining a job, removing barriers that limit a
tenant's ability to obtain a job, improving employability skills, such as
getting to a job regularly and on time, linking job training with the local
labor market.

 Id.




n52.  Id.




n53.  Id.




n54.  CDCs are mentioned in almost every federal housing program.




n55.  42 U.S.C. 12771 (1994).




n56.  The Housing Law Clinic at Saint Louis University School of Law provides
legal assistance to Habitat for Humanity St. Louis, a chapter of the national
Habitat for Humanity organization.




n57.  The Fair Housing Act includes provisions for grants to nonprofit
organizations which work to prevent and eliminate housing discrimination through
enforcement and education. 42 U.S.C. 3616a (1994).




n58.  Paul Poston, Resident Ownership and Control, 13 Cost Cuts, A Technical
Publication of the Enterprise Foundation, June 1996, at 8.




n59.  Tim Poor, Jack Kemp is Still a Hero to Many, St. Louis Post Dispatch, Aug.
19, 1996, at 5B.




n60.  The Housing Law Clinic at Saint Louis University assisted the Association
with its management contract.




n61.  See e.g., Mo. Rev. Stat. ch. 355 (Supp. 1996).




n62.  I.R.C. 501(c)(3) (1994).




n63.  Rev. Proc. 96-32, 1996 I.R.B. 14.




n64.  J. William Callison, IRS Follows Housing Pioneers Down a Bumpy Road, 6 J.
Aff. Housing, Winter 1997, at 108.




n65.  General Acct. Off., Report to House Committee on Ways and Means B-274542
(March 28, 1997).




n66.  Ecumenical Housing Production Corporation 1996 Annual Report (on file with
the Saint Louis University Public Law Review).




n67.  Id.




n68.  Id.




n69.  From the beginning, EHPC has emphasized soft management programs. In its
early years, this was called pastoral management, a term coined by its first
property manager, Sister Jean Christensen, a Roman Catholic nun who followed
religious traditions of community and care for the whole person in developing
the particular management style that EHPC has followed since its inception in
1980.




n70.  General Acct. Off., Report B-261186 (May 18, 1995).




n71.  Id.




n72.  Id.




n73.  Contract With America Advancement Act of 1996, Pub. L. No. 104-121, 105
(codified at 42 U.S.C. 423).




n74.  Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996,
Pub. L. No. 104-193, 211-215 (codified at 42 U.S.C. 1382c et seq.).




n75.  St. Louis County has instituted a new program entitled Redevelopment
Opportunities for Women to address the needs of domestic violence victims. Memo
from Pat Terrell, Homeless Services Supervisor, Office of Community Dev., St.
Louis County Dept. of Human Services (Jan. 23, 1997) (on file with the Saint
Louis University Public Law Review).




n76.  Welfare, Time and Money, St. Louis Post Dispatch, Jan. 23, 1995, at 6B
(editorial). See also Welfare: The Myth of Reform, U.S. News & World Report,
Jan. 16, 1995, at 30.




n77.  Peter Salsich, Jr., A Decent Home for Every American: Can the 1949 Goal Be
Met?  71 N.C. L. Rev. 1619, 1621 (1993).




n78.  Called the Brooke Amendment After its Chief Sponsor, former Senator Edward
Brooke, R-Mass., the legislation established a limit on the percentage of income
a resident of public or assisted housing could be changed as sent. Pub. L. No.
91-152, 213(a), 83 Stat. 389 (1970).




n79.  See, e.g., Richard D. Baron, Community Organizations: Antidote for
Neighborhood Succession and Focus for Neighborhood Improvement, 21 St. Louis U.
L.J. 634 (1978).




n80.  Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Pub. L. No. 93-383, 101, 88
Stat. 633 (1974) (codified at 42 U.S.C. 1437).




n81.  Supra notes 18 and 19 and accompanying text.




n82.  Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996,
Pub. L. No. 104-193, 110 Stat. 2105 (1996).




n83.  Roundup, Low Income Housing Information Service 3 (Dec. 1994) (on file
with the Saint Louis University Public Law Review).




n84.  Project Based Assistance Facing Era of Limits, Rep. Moran Says, 22
[Current Developments] Housing & Dev. Rep. (BNA) 391 (Nov. 7, 1994).




n85.  Congressional Budget Off., The Challenges Facing Federal Rental Assistance
Programs, B-275-718 (Dec. 1994).




n86.  H.R. 2, 105.




n87.  See discussion in part II.B.




n88.  Supra note 70 and accompanying text.




n89.  See, e.g., U.S. Dep't of Housing & Urb. Dev., Rental Housing Assistance at
a Crossroads 9 (1996) (reporting that "more than 5.35 million very low-income
renter householders-almost 12.8 million individuals-paid more than half of their
income for housing or lived in poor-quality housing.).




n90.  Bishop Voices Concerns on Welfare Reforms, St. Louis Review, Dec. 6, 1996,
at 2 (comments of Bishop Edward O'Donnell of Louisiana).




n91.  Memorandum from the President to the Secretary of Housing and Urban
Development (March 28, 1996) (on file with the Saint Louis University Public Law
Review).




n92.  However, the authors have observed that when occupancy rates are low in
public housing, housing authorities will be less strict with screening standards
in order to meet HUD occupancy requirements.




n93.  Most of the Clinic's nonprofit clients conduct home visits before
accepting a family to the program.




n94.  Interview with Christopher Krehmeyer, Executive Director of EHPC (Oct. 10,
1996).




n95.  This also explains why nonprofits provide classes on consumer education
and other living skills.




n96.  The Housing Law Clinic students handled the closing for this transaction.




n97.  The Housing Law Clinic represented this person at administrative hearing
before the St. Louis Housing Authority on Oct. 30, 1996. He was again denied
housing after this hearing.




n98.  Memorandum from Patricia & Ferrell, Homeless Services Supervisor, Office
of Comm. Dev., St. Louis County Dep't of Human Services (Jan. 23, 1997) (on file
with the author).




n99.  Adrienne Thomas, Homeless Veterans Get Assistance, Annual Standdown Offers
Variety of Aid, St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Sept. 24, 1995, at 11D.




n100.  H.R. 2 and S. 462, 204 (which would repeal 42 U.S.C. 1437f(t) (1994)).




n101.  See, e.g., Russ Street Associates Limited v. Martinez, 1996 WL 453107
(Conn. Super. 1996) (failure to pay $ 46, tenant's portion of monthly rent for
Section 8 apartment was insufficient basis for eviction). See generally C.
Moynihan, Introduction to The Law of Real Property, 2d 71 (1988).




n102.  At a recent conference, managers of low-income housing tax credit
projects were advised to include provisions in their leases identifying a
variety of occurrences as breaches of the lease:

1) misrepresentation on the low-income housing document,



2) failure to maintain income eligibility,



3) prohibit tenants from subleasing or changing the make-up of the household
without notifying the manager.

 Strong Leases Advised to Protect Managers From Tenant Abuse, 24 [Current
Developments] Hous. & Dev. Rep. (BNA) 106 (July 1, 1996).




n103.  At another conference, advocates for homeless persons argued that
participation in holistic services programs should be completely voluntary
rather than a prerequisite to getting a bed in a shelter or a housing unit. They
agreed on the importance of making the services available but disagreed on
whether the acceptance of the services should be a condition precedent to
acceptance within a housing program. American Bar Ass'n Commission on
Homelessness and Poverty, Spring Meeting, Phoenix, Ariz., April 13-14, 1996
(chaired by one of the authors).




n104.  42 U.S.C. 1437f(d)(1)(B)(ii) (1994).




n105.  Omnibus Consolidated Rescissions and Appropriations Act of 1996, Pub. L.
No. 104-134 (1996).




n106.  H. R. 2, 324.




n107.  Javins v. First Nat'l Realty Corp., 428 F.2d 1071, 1074 (D.C. Cir.) cert.
denied, 400 U.S. 925 (1970) ("When American city dwellers, both rich and poor,
seek 'shelter' today, they seek a well known package of goods and services - a
package which includes not merely walls and ceilings, but also adequate heat,
light and ventilation, serviceable plumbing facilities, secure windows and
doors, proper sanitation, and proper maintenance.")




n108.  Id. at 1077.




n109.  Samuel Autman, City School Board Ok's Developer's Plan, St. Louis Post
Dispatch, April 9, 1997, at 13A.




n110.  Parish Partnership Project Resettlement Agreement, Lutheran Family &
Children Services (on file with the Saint Louis University Public Law Review).




n111.  H.R. 2, 105; S. 462, 110.




n112.  Tim O'Neil, Conference Honors St. Louis for Its Service to Homeless St.
Louis Post-Dispatch, Jan. 16, 1997, at 9A.




n113.  Letter from David M. Rothenberg, President, and Susan G. Murray,
Executive Director, Housing Solutions, Inc. (Dec. 17, 1996) (on file with the
Saint Louis University Public Law Review). For example, Housing Solutions, Inc.,
a nonprofit housing provider in St. Louis, recently sold its first home to a
woman who had rented an apartment from the organization for eight years while
her children were in school.




n114.  Interview with Patricia A. Ferrell, Homeless Services Supervisor, Office
of Community Dev., St. Louis County Department of Human Services (November,
1996). In St. Louis City and County, approximately seventy-two percent of
homeless people are women and children, which is a much higher percentage of
women and children than other urban areas have experienced. Shelter providers
theorize that one of the reasons for this may be the location of St. Louis.
Geography, plus the greater mobility of men may lead men to leave the area and
seek jobs or better opportunities on the two coasts, while women and small
children must stay behind in the Midwest.




n115.  Dennis D. Hersch, Making Shelter Work: Placing Conditions on an
Employable Person's Right to Shelter, 100 Yale L.J. 491, 492 (1990).




n116.  The Housing Law Clinic visits various homeless shelters, including those
run by the Salvation Army, where these policies are in place.




n117.  See Appendix A for a chart of this system. In the St. Louis County
shelters, eighty-five percent of the women have either been involved in or are
currently in abusive situations and about eighty to eighty-five percent of the
people in the shelters have some form of mental illness or disability, with a
"phenomenal" level of clinical depression observed in the group.




n118.  Id.




n119.  H.R. 2; S. 462.




n120.  This is the view shared by all of the Legal Services attorneys contacted
in the St. Louis area who handle housing matters.




n121.  Shelly Green, The Public Housing Tenancy: Variations on the Common Law
that Give Security of Tenure and Control, 43 Cath. U. L. Rev. 681, 743 (1994).




n122.  Ferrell, supra n.98, at 1.




n123.  24 C.F.R. 950.102 (1996).




n124.  H.R. 2, 104.




n125.  42 U.S.C. 604 (Supp. 1997).




n126.  Supra note 122.




n127.  Id.




n128.  EHPC & Housing Solutions both have been able to help long-term landlords
accumulate funds to purchase the units they had been renting.




n129.  EHPC has been in operation almost twenty years and has increased its
portfolio of single family rental units from one to over 180.




n130.  In an admittedly unscientific survey, one of the author's married
daughters living in the Cincinnati, Ohio and one living in the St. Louis,
Missouri metropolitan areas reported that each would expect to pay $
120-150/week for decent, state-licensed but not top-of-the-line day care.
Assuming a discount for nonprofit status, the care might still cost $ 100/week.




n131.  For fiscal 1997, Congress appropriated $ 3.6 billion to make Section 8
annual contributions contract payments for 2.7 million rental units in which 6.4
million adults and children reside. Michael Janofsky, Cuomo Says HUD Needs an
Extra $ 5.6 Billion, N.Y. Times, Feb. 28, 1997, at A13.




n132.  Supra note 67 and accompanying text.




n133.  See supra note 110.




n134.  See, e.g., Oxford House-C v. City of St. Louis, 77 F.3d 249 (8th Cir.
1996), cert. denied, 117 S. Ct. 65 (1996); Martin v. Constance, 843 F.Supp. 1321
(E.D. Mo. 1994); Baxter v. City of Belleville, 720 F.Supp. 720 (S.D. Ill. 1989).




n135.  42 U.S.C. 3604 (1994).




N136.  H.R. 589, 105th Cong., 1st Sess. (1997).




n137.  See Mo. Rev. Stat 89.020 (1994) (treating group homes disabled up to
eight persons as single family residences).




n138.  Enterprise Foundation 1995 Annual Report (on file with the Saint Louis
University Public Law Review).




n139.  Information about the organization can be obtained from the authors, who
are on the Board of Directors of Professional Housing Resources, Inc.




n140.  See Bishop Voices Concerns Over Welfare Reforms, supra note 90.


                             868 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            September 2, 2005 Friday

State considers moving refugees to East Texas;
Unprecedented program would provide more stable lodging than arenas

BYLINE: Mike Ward, AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 600 words


Texas officials are considering an unprecedented plan to relocate thousands of
New Orleans hurricane refugees into vacant apartments throughout the eastern
half of the state, in what could become months of a more permanent relocation.

On Wednesday, Gov. Rick Perry sought permission from federal officials to waive
federal rules on who can occupy those apartments and eliminate much of the red
tape for renters. On Thursday, the governor declared Texas a disaster area
because of the refugee influx -- a first step to qualify for federal aid to pay
for the housing relocations and disaster-relief initiatives.

Kathy Walt, Perry's press secretary, said the housing relocation initiative was
spurred by the "sea of humanity that has been displaced and seems to be moving
to Texas, almost overnight.

"It is creative, one of a number of ways state agencies are looking at to
provide disaster assistance," she said. "We're looking at people who are being
displaced for what will be months. Housing people for that long in the Astrodome
or Reunion Arena is not ideal. We have to find ways to house these people for
longer periods in a safe environment."

Under the proposal, refugees could use housing vouchers from the Federal
Emergency Management Agency to  occupy now-vacant apartments that were built
with federal tax credits, officials said. Approximately 7,200 vacant units have
been identified so far in the parts of Texas east of Interstate35, officials
said.

Thursday's development came as Perry toured Dallas' Reunion Arena, where as many
as 20,000 refugees are to be temporarily housed along with another 23,000 in
Houston's Astrodome. Another 25,000 are slated to be housed at San Antonio's
former Kelly Air Force Base and others will be housed in Beaumont's Ford Center,
state officials confirmed.

Edwina Carrington, executive director of the Texas Department of Housing and
Community Affairs, said that the type of housing relocation for which state
officials are seeking a federal rules waiver are privately owned, multi-family
units that were built with federal tax credits. State officials said they could
not immediately provide a list of the vacant units  by town or city.

"There are lots of rules on occupancy and a lot of information that must be
submitted that these folks (hurricane victims from Louisiana) don't have,"
Carrington said. "We're working with the owners and managers of these properties
around the state so that they can start leasing."

Carrington said similar programs were undertaken in 2004 after hurricanes in
Florida and floods in Ohio and Louisiana. But it would be a first for Texas and
perhaps the largest such initiative ever proposed nationally, other officials
said.

Federal housing officials in Washington did not return phone calls for comment
Thursday on Texas' pending request. In his letter to Internal Revenue Service
Commissioner Mark Everson, Perry requested that Texas be allowed to use
"currently vacant housing tax credit units to temporarily house those persons
who have been displaced by this unprecedented natural disaster."

In other Texas hurricane-assistance news Thursday:

* State Health and Human Services Commission officials extended office hours in
some areas of Texas and provided Medicaid prescription information on Louisiana
residents to Texas pharmacies to make it easier for them to refill their
medications.

* Attorney General Greg Abbott issued a warning about bogus charities and
solicitation scams that have sprung up in the wake of the tragedy, seeking
donations of cash in door-to-door fund drives and in online solicitations.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The Austin American Statesman


                             869 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                             August 16, 2009 Sunday

The price of growth

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 837 words


By John Edward

Eureka! I think I have figured out how to solve the budget problems in
Chelmsford. Better yet, this recipe will not require any tax increases or
cutback in services.

To be fair, I have to give credit to the Slow Growth Initiative. They provided
the analysis, and inspiration, for this brilliant idea.

The first key ingredient is the number 1.3. The Slow Growth Initiative has been
promoting it as the universal expense-revenue ratio for residential growth. They
are saying municipalities will spend $1.30 on services for every dollar
generated in revenue by developing new housing.

If we were to accept this number at face value, it would argue that rapid
residential development is not only inadvisable, it would be impossible. How do
Westford and Tyngsboro, towns that have been growing much faster than
Chelmsford, do it without going bankrupt?

The idea that such a universal number exists is absurd. How much will it cost a
town to service new residential construction? The answer is: it depends. The
expense-revenue ratio for residential property will be different for every city
and town. It depends on demographics, state policy, density, and many other
factors.

However, for the sake of explaining my groundbreaking solution, I will use 1.3.
Later I will explain how deceptive that particular value is.

One of the factors that heavily influence the expense-revenue ratio is the
density of development. On a per-unit basis, it costs a lot less to service a
multi-family property than single-family homes.

In fact, one source cited by the Slow Growth Initiative says, "A multifamily
housing unit has approximately 60 percent of the cost and impact as a
single-family home." Using SGI numbers, the ratio for multi-family homes is
roughly 60 percent of 1.3 or 0.84. Therefore, a town spends only 84 cents for
every dollar of revenue collected on multi-family housing.

Based on the numbers provided by the Slow Growth Initiative, every unit in
denser development projects will be a net gain for the town. Now we have the
other key ingredient. All Chelmsford needs to do is develop enough affordable
multi-family rental units and we can close any budget gap.

Of course, this is not a serious plan to fix the budget. However, the lack of
truly affordable housing is very serious. The point is, an organization trying
to manufacture a crisis using alarming and misleading numbers should not
distract the town from solving a real crisis.

The number 1.3 is very misleading. The Slow Growth Initiative cites the Cape Cod
Commission as the source. I contacted the Cape Cod Commission and they denied
responsibility.

The expense-revenue ratio of 1.3 actually comes from a study conducted by the
Association for the Preservation of Cape Cod. They used a methodology developed
by the American Farmland Trust. Two fine organizations I suppose, but hardly
objective.

The preservation association conducted the study for the town of Brewster, Mass.
They used budget and revenue numbers from Brewster. Brewster happens to be
almost exactly the same size as Chelmsford. Otherwise, the towns are very
different.

For example, Brewster is much less densely populated. It has been growing much
faster. However, much like Chelmsford back when it was growing fast, "Brewster's
housing growth has been concentrated in single-family dwellings."

Why would the Slow Growth Initiative use the number for Brewster when the same
report cites expense-revenue ratios for other towns? Does focusing exclusively
on one value at the high end of the range serve the public interest?

The number for Westford was 1.15. For some towns it was barely above 1.0. The
average for Massachusetts towns cited in the study was 1.13.

These are all from one report, using the same methodology. The method used
calculates a cost-revenue ratio based on all existing properties. The cost of
servicing new housing might be very different. For mature towns like Chelmsford
it will typically be lower.

Every study produces different results. Some studies derive an expense-revenue
ratio less than 1.0, even for single-family residential property.

Economic development experts also note that communities benefit from new
residents in ways that are not always measured. For example, the study cited by
the Slow Growth Initiative does not consider increased business for local
companies or job creation.

We do not have expense-revenue numbers for Chelmsford. We will soon. The town
has commissioned a fiscal impact analysis based on recently developed affordable
housing projects.

The bottom line is that municipal cost is not a barrier to solving the
affordable housing crisis in Chelmsford.

I apologize to Town Manager Paul Cohen if I dashed his hopes for an easy
solution to the town's budget problems. One could only hope that others will
apologize for using meaningless and misleading information in an attempt to
promote their agenda.

John Edward earned his master's degree at UMass Lowell and is an adjunct
professor of economics at Bentley University. He lives in Chelmsford.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             870 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Finance & Commerce (Minneapolis, MN)

                             July 17, 2010 Saturday

HUD awards $12.8 million for senior housing projects in Minneapolis

BYLINE: Burl Gilyard

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 574  words


Newly announced federal grants will provide key funding for two new senior
housing projects in Minneapolis.

On Monday, the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) announced
more than $550 million for 169 projects in 46 states to benefit low-income
seniors and people with disabilities. The list included two projects in
Minnesota - both in south Minneapolis.

HUD awarded $6.78 million towards a 47-unit senior project to be developed by
the Minneapolis-based American Indian Community Development Corp. (AICDC) and
St. Paul-based CommonBond Communities. The project will be on the southwest and
southeast corners of the intersection of Bloomington Avenue and 24th Street
East.

HUD also awarded $6.06 million for a 42-unit senior rental project to be
co-developed by CommonBond and Minneapolis-based Plymouth Church Neighborhood
Foundation (PCNF). The project is near the intersection of Riverview Road and
54th Street East. In addition, HUD also granted rent subsidies to both projects.

Michael Goze, CEO of AICDC, said that he was "ecstatic" to get the news on
Monday. The project will be called "Bii Di Gain Dash Anwebi," an Ojibwe phrase
that means, "Come In. Rest. "

Goze noted that the project had political support from Senators Amy Klobuchar
and Al Franken, Congressman Keith Ellison, Hennepin County Commissioner Peter
McLaughlin and City Council Member Gary Schiff.

"We're very pleased that they were both awarded. I know it's a very stiff
competition. These are two very good projects that should be able to go forward
at this point," said Wes Butler, manger of multi-family housing for the city's
Community Planning and Economic Development (CPED) department.

No groundbreaking is set yet for the project, which has a budget of just over $8
million. The project will have one bedroom units for independent senior living.

"It's really on HUD's timeframe," Goze said of closing on project financing.
"There will be a service center. CommonBond will be the managing entity. "

Lee Blons, executive director of PCNF, said that construction of her nonprofit's
project is still about a year away. The total estimated project budget is about
$8 million

"It's been a little bit under the radar," Blons said. "The good news is that we
now we have the financing. We need to finalize our housing design and go through
the neighborhood. " Blons said that the property needs to be rezoned and they
need to secure site plan approval from the city.

The project has already been in the pipeline for a long time. The city of
Minneapolis issued a request for proposals for the Riverview Road site in the
summer of 2007 for excess land that had been owned by the Minnesota Department
of Transportation (MnDOT).

PCNF has partnered up with the Minnehaha United Methodist Church and Lake
Nokomis Lutheran on the project.

"We partner with congregations. We were working with those congregations to
identify opportunities in their neighborhood," Blons said.

"Minneapolis has lost significant amounts of seniors to the suburbs. We looked
to bring CommonBond in as a partner - they're a very experienced senior housing
developer," Blons said. "We're close to the VA Hospital and walking distance to
the light rail, so it's a great location. They're nice one-bedroom apartments. "

Blons noted that competition for the HUD money is strong.

"It's a very competitive process," Blons said. "These are new federal dollars
that otherwise don't come to Minneapolis. "

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             871 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 26, 2007 Friday

EDITORIAL: Zealots' bans are a slippery slope

BYLINE: Valley Morning Star, Harlingen, Texas

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 749 words


Jan. 26--One problem political debaters often encounter when using a
slippery-slope argument is that it's easy to overstate one's fears. So why do so
many still use them? Simple; the argument is usually prescient.

The slippery slope is employed when it's easy to see that if A happens, B will
follow and the next thing you know, we're somewhere in the middle of the
alphabet, with one side trying to hold the line and the other pushing hard to
get to Z.

In the case of anti-tobacco zealots, Z is the total prohibition of smoking. In
the lifetimes of many readers, the United States has seen smokers pushed into
diminishing spaces, to the point where many states and cities, including
Harlingen, have some type of indoor smoking ban, even on private property.

We've railed against such bans as intrusions on property rights and free
association rights, and will continue to do so. We've warned that if government
can ban smoking on private property such as restaurants, it's just a matter of
time until the neo-prohibitionists set their sights on automobiles and homes.
Sadly, once again, we have to say we told you so.

Under the umbrella of protecting public health, anti-tobacco activists in
several communities are working to limit smokers' ability to light up in their
own homes, if they live in multi-family dwellings such as apartment buildings
and condominiums. Indoor smoking bans usually include public areas such as
hallways and lobbies. Now the prohibitionists want to go into smokers' living
rooms and remove the ashtrays.

As usual in such efforts, activists are launching the battle in an arena where
they have a lot of support and some genuine leverage -- public housing. In
Seattle, where an indoor smoking ban went into effect a year ago, some are
asking why nonsmoking tenants of public housing apartments have to suffer with
their neighbors' second-hand smoke. They point out that those who rely on public
housing have fewer housing options than renters in other situations and can't
move to other digs.

It makes for a good argument, but it's another slippery slope. If it makes sense
for public housing apartments, why not extend it to privately owned apartment
buildings?

Once it's accepted practice to ban smoking in rental homes because of smoke
drifting under the door, across the hallway and under the door into a
neighboring unit, what's to stop the prohibitionists from applying the same
logic to single-family dwellings? After all, if a homeowner is sitting on his
deck on a summer evening enjoying an after-dinner smoke and the smoke drifts
into his neighbor's window, isn't that the same thing?

It's not that we're unsympathetic to those with smoke allergies or pulmonary
conditions that make exposure to smoke a concern. But the reality is that there
is only so much that can be done to limit environmental exposure to things that
aggravate those conditions.

In the case of public housing, it's perfectly fine for government to set smoking
rules in the units; government is the landlord. In Seattle, the King County
Housing Authority is dealing with health and sensitivity concerns by making some
buildings smoke-free while leaving others available to smokers. That's a plan
that could be applied by private landlords as well, taking away one of the
prohibitionists' main arguments (assuming the landlord owns multiple buildings).
But it should be the decision of property owners, not government.

Too many times, anti-smoking activists aren't satisfied with a reasonable
accommodation and push for an all-or-nothing plan that leaves smokers and
property owners out in the cold. Doing so infringes on the owner's right to use
his property as he sees fit.

And, if we allow government to limit property rights in the all-powerful name of
protecting health, where will it end? New York City already has banned trans
fats from restaurants; will other cities and states hop aboard that train? Or
will some ban trans fats from pre-packaged foods on store shelves?

Enacting bans in the interest of protecting health removes individuals' freedom
of choice and responsibility for their own well being. It's a slippery slope,
indeed, and it starts at our own front doors.

Copyright (c) 2007, Valley Morning Star, Harlingen, Texas Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070126-HR-0126-EDITORIAL-Zealots-bans-are-a-slippery-slope

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HR


                       Copyright 2007 Valley Morning Star


                             872 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 22, 1986, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Poverty, Not Rent Regulation, Is the Enemy of Sound Housing

SECTION: Section 1; Page 30, Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 451 words


To the Editor:

William Moses's claim that the city loses 2,000 apartment units a month because
of ''archaic rent regulations'' (''Existing Buildings Are the Best Bet,'' letter
Oct. 14) is the latest in a long series of unsubstantiated claims by New York
City's real estate industry about the consequences of rent regulation.

Landlords who abandon buildings often do so because they cannot collect enough
in rents to induce them to continue to maintain their buildings and pay their
property taxes. But the reason this happens is that many tenants simply cannot
afford to pay what landlords need or can legally charge for their properties.
According to the city's 1984 Housing and Vacancy Survey, more than half of New
York City's renter households earned less than $13,000 in 1983.

These facts have nothing to do with rent regulation - in fact, in the city's
most deteriorated neighborhoods where virtually all of the abandonment of
regulated multi-family housing occurs, the rents permitted under regulation are
usually higher than what low-income tenants can pay.

The real estate industry often talks out of both sides of its mouth in its
relentless campaign to convince the public that rent laws are the cause of all
of our housing ills. On the one hand William Moses says that rent laws are
causing abandonment. On the other hand, the Rent Stabilization Association, a
landlord trade group, has gone to considerable expense in an attempt to prove
the opposite - that rent regulations do not hold down rents in poor communities,
where abandonment is most rampant. According to an R. D. Little study
commissioned by the R.S.A., ''Rent regulation has kept down the housing costs
for wealthier New Yorkers without reducing housing cost burdens for the poor.''

The conclusion the R.S.A. wants drawn from its report is that it's O.K to
eliminate tenant protection laws because they do not really help poor people.
But a parallel conclusion is inescapable - if rent laws do not reduce rents in
areas where buildings are being abandoned, then these laws cannot possibly be
the cause of that abandonment. You can't have it both ways.

It is time to put to rest the canard that rent regulation causes abandonment.
Poverty is the biggest enemy of sound, affordable housing and until we devise
ways to end it, we will not move ahead. If our rent laws are to be made more
rational and fair, careful analysis and reasoned dialogue will be necessary from
all parties concerned. The kind of unsubstantiated claims made by William Moses
and others do nothing to further that goal.

 ALEXANDER B. GRANNIS
   Chairman, New York State Assembly
   Committee on Housing
   Albany, Nov. 13, 1986

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             873 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 6, 2014 Thursday

Massachusetts: Housing Specialist

LENGTH: 1594  words

DATELINE: Boston


Division of Human Resources, The State of Massachusetts has issued the following
job opportunities:

Housing Specialist
Program Coordinators
Agency Name: Dept. of Housing and Community Development
Official Title: Program Coordinators
Functional Title: Housing Specialist
Occupational Group: Not Used
Position Type: Contracted
Full-Time or Part-Time: Full-Time
Salary Range: $32.55 to $40.79 Hourly
Bargaining Unit: N/A
Shift: Day
Confidential: No
Number Of Vacancies: 1
City/Town: Boston
Region: BOSTON
Facility Location: 100 Cambridge Street Boston, MA 02114
Application Deadline: 11-20-2014
Apply Online: No
Posting ID: J44878

This position is funded from federal grant funds.
Duties:

The Housing Program Specialist Contractor position is a 1 year position within
the Department of Housing and Community Development's Housing Development
Division.

The Housing Program Specialist Contractor reviews and scores developer proposals
for privately-owned affordable housing development, including rental and
homeownership; manages projects and confers with development partners to
coordinate steps to loan closing through construction and project completion;
reviews and analyzes data concerning housing programs; assists in meeting
various federal and state fund reporting, assessment, and monitoring
requirements; researches issues, compiles data, and performs related work as
required.

The focus of this work is to increase the supply of privately-owned affordable
housing, including rental and homeownership, through the management of
competitive funding rounds for federal and state funds, oversight of the
construction process, and monitoring of developments in operation.

Duties
1. Reviews and underwrites rental and homeownership funding applications.

2. Assists in the preparation of materials related to division's soft subsidy
sources (i.e., "the Programs"), including program guidelines, term sheets,
evaluation forms, etc.

3. Coordinates projects through MassDocs loan closing process, including
reviewing and approving due diligence submissions from project sponsors,
arranging for business meeting with other lenders, investors, developers, etc.

4. Assists in meeting various federal and state funding requirements such as:
preparation of environmental reviews, assisting in Community Housing Development
Organization (CHDO) (re)certification process, assisting in compliance
monitoring, etc.

5. Monitors and coordinates construction oversight with contract architect,
coordinates projects through the construction and cost certification/close-out
process, including review/approval of monthly requisitions, authorization of
disbursements, review/approval of cost certification/close out reports.

6. Coordinates DHCD's role in HOME/Housing Stabilization Fund (HSF)-assisted
unit (re)sales, refinance requests, workouts and foreclosure situations.

7. Maintains project specific information in the division's rental and
homeownership database.

8. Assists in the development of informational materials (brochures, workshop
presentations, marketing products, etc.) and participates as a
panelist/presenter at training workshops/seminars.

9. Assists in creating detailed reports on the Programs as required by federal
and state legislative committees and as needed for federal and state reporting
purposes.

10. Represents the division and the agency on inter- and intra-agency working
groups.

11. Works closely with other division staff on projects funded through other
program resources and participates in all negotiations related to project issues
and/or workouts.

12. Provides technical assistance to project sponsors/borrowers through
meetings, phone calls, correspondence.

13. Performs related duties as assigned.

Qualifications Required At Hire
1. Knowledge of the principles of housing management including terminology.

2. Knowledge of the terminology and standard abbreviations used in contracts and
leases.

3. Knowledge of the factors, trends and problems in providing housing services
to special groups such as the handicapped and elderly.

4. Knowledge of the methods of general report writing.

5. Knowledge of the methods used in the preparation of charts, graphs and
tables.

6. Ability to understand, explain and apply the provisions of the laws, rules,
regulations, policies, procedures, specifications, standards and guidelines
governing assigned unit activities.

7. Ability to analyze and determine the applicability of housing data, to draw
conclusions and make appropriate recommendations.

8. Ability to read and interpret documents such as contracts, leases, grant
proposals, etc.

9. Ability to gather information by examining records and documents and through
questioning individuals.

10. Ability to compile statistical data.

11. Ability to determine the proper format and procedure for assembling items of
information.

12. Ability to maintain accurate records.

13. Ability to prepare general reports.

14. Ability to communicate effectively in oral and written expression.

15. Ability to deal tactfully with others.

16. Ability to establish rapport and maintain harmonious working relationships
with others including persons from different ethnic, cultural and/or economic
backgrounds.

17. Ability to give oral and written instructions in a precise understandable
manner.

18. Ability to exercise sound judgment.

19. Ability to exercise discretion in handling confidential information.

20. Ability to work independently.

Qualifications:

Please see Preferred Qualifications
Preferred Qualifications:

Preferred Qualifications

1. Experience in a housing related area is preferred, including but not limited
to federal, state, municipal, non-profit or for-profit housing, housing/credit
counseling, single/multi-family loan origination, and property management.

2. Knowledge of the principles and practices of real estate financing.

3. Knowledge of federal, state and local resources to support the development of
affordable housing, including permanent, transitional and special needs housing.

4. Ability to understand, explain and apply complex laws, regulations,
guidelines and procedures regarding affordable housing programs.

5. Knowledge of principles and practices of affordable and market rate housing
and factors influencing the housing market.

6. Ability to analyze development and operating pro forms.

7. Knowledge of legal terminology and requirements of the real estate loan
closing process.

8. Ability to analyze and determine the applicability of verbal, written and
statistical information to a particular housing issue, policy or program.

9. Ability to communicate effectively in written and oral expression, including
the ability to make public presentations to different audiences.

10. Ability to work independently and within a team, and to take initiative
while understanding/respecting boundaries.

11. Ability to work efficiently and effectively, gather information, draw
conclusions and make recommendations related to the Program
activities/guidelines/policies.

12. Ability to manage a variety of tasks, organize workload and meet required
deadlines.

13. Ability to assume a leadership role in a team setting and to facilitate
group participation/process.

14. Knowledge of effective techniques for motivating staff and overseeing
specific team projects/activities/initiatives.

15. Ability to adjust to changing priorities and to carry substantial
responsibilities related to the Programs and to initiatives within the division.

16. Excellent computers skill, including Microsoft Word, Excel, and Power Point.

Minimum Entrance Requirements
Applicants must have at least (A) three years of full-time, or equivalent
part-time, professional experience in real estate management, property
management, public housing program management, public housing program
development or public housing program administration, or (B) any equivalent
combination of the required experience and the substitutions below.

Substitutions:
I. An Associate's degree with a major in real estate, public administration,
business administration or business management may be substituted for a maximum
of one year of the required experience.*

II. A Bachelor's degree in real estate, public administration, business
administration or business management may be substituted for a maximum of two
years for the required experience.*

III. A Master's or higher degree with a major in public administration, business
administration or business management may be substituted for the required
experience.*

*Education toward such a degree will be prorated on the basis of the proportion
of the requirements actually completed.

Special Requirements: Based on assignment, possession of a current and valid
Massachusetts Class D Motor Vehicle Operator's License may be required.
Comments:

This is a one year contract. There are no benefits associated with this
position.
How To Apply:

To ensure consideration, resume and cover letter must be received by 5PM on the
application deadline date. Please reference CEO ID #44878 on all correspondence
and mail your cover letter and resume to:

Department of Housing and Community Development
Human Resources Department
RE: Housing Specialist
100 Cambridge Street, Suite 300
Boston, MA 02114-2524

Fax: (617) 573-1299
TTY: (617) 573-1140

Please help the environment, by not mailing and faxing your resume and cover
letter - only do one or the other. Thank you for your help.

For non-United States citizens working in the United States on a work visa, this
position does not qualify as a specialty occupation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             874 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 6, 2014 Thursday

Massachusetts: Housing Specialist

LENGTH: 1594  words

DATELINE: Boston


Division of Human Resources, The State of Massachusetts has issued the following
job opportunities:

Housing Specialist
Program Coordinators
Agency Name: Dept. of Housing and Community Development
Official Title: Program Coordinators
Functional Title: Housing Specialist
Occupational Group: Not Used
Position Type: Contracted
Full-Time or Part-Time: Full-Time
Salary Range: $32.55 to $40.79 Hourly
Bargaining Unit: N/A
Shift: Day
Confidential: No
Number Of Vacancies: 1
City/Town: Boston
Region: BOSTON
Facility Location: 100 Cambridge Street Boston, MA 02114
Application Deadline: 11-20-2014
Apply Online: No
Posting ID: J44878

This position is funded from federal grant funds.
Duties:

The Housing Program Specialist Contractor position is a 1 year position within
the Department of Housing and Community Development's Housing Development
Division.

The Housing Program Specialist Contractor reviews and scores developer proposals
for privately-owned affordable housing development, including rental and
homeownership; manages projects and confers with development partners to
coordinate steps to loan closing through construction and project completion;
reviews and analyzes data concerning housing programs; assists in meeting
various federal and state fund reporting, assessment, and monitoring
requirements; researches issues, compiles data, and performs related work as
required.

The focus of this work is to increase the supply of privately-owned affordable
housing, including rental and homeownership, through the management of
competitive funding rounds for federal and state funds, oversight of the
construction process, and monitoring of developments in operation.

Duties
1. Reviews and underwrites rental and homeownership funding applications.

2. Assists in the preparation of materials related to division's soft subsidy
sources (i.e., "the Programs"), including program guidelines, term sheets,
evaluation forms, etc.

3. Coordinates projects through MassDocs loan closing process, including
reviewing and approving due diligence submissions from project sponsors,
arranging for business meeting with other lenders, investors, developers, etc.

4. Assists in meeting various federal and state funding requirements such as:
preparation of environmental reviews, assisting in Community Housing Development
Organization (CHDO) (re)certification process, assisting in compliance
monitoring, etc.

5. Monitors and coordinates construction oversight with contract architect,
coordinates projects through the construction and cost certification/close-out
process, including review/approval of monthly requisitions, authorization of
disbursements, review/approval of cost certification/close out reports.

6. Coordinates DHCD's role in HOME/Housing Stabilization Fund (HSF)-assisted
unit (re)sales, refinance requests, workouts and foreclosure situations.

7. Maintains project specific information in the division's rental and
homeownership database.

8. Assists in the development of informational materials (brochures, workshop
presentations, marketing products, etc.) and participates as a
panelist/presenter at training workshops/seminars.

9. Assists in creating detailed reports on the Programs as required by federal
and state legislative committees and as needed for federal and state reporting
purposes.

10. Represents the division and the agency on inter- and intra-agency working
groups.

11. Works closely with other division staff on projects funded through other
program resources and participates in all negotiations related to project issues
and/or workouts.

12. Provides technical assistance to project sponsors/borrowers through
meetings, phone calls, correspondence.

13. Performs related duties as assigned.

Qualifications Required At Hire
1. Knowledge of the principles of housing management including terminology.

2. Knowledge of the terminology and standard abbreviations used in contracts and
leases.

3. Knowledge of the factors, trends and problems in providing housing services
to special groups such as the handicapped and elderly.

4. Knowledge of the methods of general report writing.

5. Knowledge of the methods used in the preparation of charts, graphs and
tables.

6. Ability to understand, explain and apply the provisions of the laws, rules,
regulations, policies, procedures, specifications, standards and guidelines
governing assigned unit activities.

7. Ability to analyze and determine the applicability of housing data, to draw
conclusions and make appropriate recommendations.

8. Ability to read and interpret documents such as contracts, leases, grant
proposals, etc.

9. Ability to gather information by examining records and documents and through
questioning individuals.

10. Ability to compile statistical data.

11. Ability to determine the proper format and procedure for assembling items of
information.

12. Ability to maintain accurate records.

13. Ability to prepare general reports.

14. Ability to communicate effectively in oral and written expression.

15. Ability to deal tactfully with others.

16. Ability to establish rapport and maintain harmonious working relationships
with others including persons from different ethnic, cultural and/or economic
backgrounds.

17. Ability to give oral and written instructions in a precise understandable
manner.

18. Ability to exercise sound judgment.

19. Ability to exercise discretion in handling confidential information.

20. Ability to work independently.

Qualifications:

Please see Preferred Qualifications
Preferred Qualifications:

Preferred Qualifications

1. Experience in a housing related area is preferred, including but not limited
to federal, state, municipal, non-profit or for-profit housing, housing/credit
counseling, single/multi-family loan origination, and property management.

2. Knowledge of the principles and practices of real estate financing.

3. Knowledge of federal, state and local resources to support the development of
affordable housing, including permanent, transitional and special needs housing.

4. Ability to understand, explain and apply complex laws, regulations,
guidelines and procedures regarding affordable housing programs.

5. Knowledge of principles and practices of affordable and market rate housing
and factors influencing the housing market.

6. Ability to analyze development and operating pro forms.

7. Knowledge of legal terminology and requirements of the real estate loan
closing process.

8. Ability to analyze and determine the applicability of verbal, written and
statistical information to a particular housing issue, policy or program.

9. Ability to communicate effectively in written and oral expression, including
the ability to make public presentations to different audiences.

10. Ability to work independently and within a team, and to take initiative
while understanding/respecting boundaries.

11. Ability to work efficiently and effectively, gather information, draw
conclusions and make recommendations related to the Program
activities/guidelines/policies.

12. Ability to manage a variety of tasks, organize workload and meet required
deadlines.

13. Ability to assume a leadership role in a team setting and to facilitate
group participation/process.

14. Knowledge of effective techniques for motivating staff and overseeing
specific team projects/activities/initiatives.

15. Ability to adjust to changing priorities and to carry substantial
responsibilities related to the Programs and to initiatives within the division.

16. Excellent computers skill, including Microsoft Word, Excel, and Power Point.

Minimum Entrance Requirements
Applicants must have at least (A) three years of full-time, or equivalent
part-time, professional experience in real estate management, property
management, public housing program management, public housing program
development or public housing program administration, or (B) any equivalent
combination of the required experience and the substitutions below.

Substitutions:
I. An Associate's degree with a major in real estate, public administration,
business administration or business management may be substituted for a maximum
of one year of the required experience.*

II. A Bachelor's degree in real estate, public administration, business
administration or business management may be substituted for a maximum of two
years for the required experience.*

III. A Master's or higher degree with a major in public administration, business
administration or business management may be substituted for the required
experience.*

*Education toward such a degree will be prorated on the basis of the proportion
of the requirements actually completed.

Special Requirements: Based on assignment, possession of a current and valid
Massachusetts Class D Motor Vehicle Operator's License may be required.
Comments:

This is a one year contract. There are no benefits associated with this
position.
How To Apply:

To ensure consideration, resume and cover letter must be received by 5PM on the
application deadline date. Please reference CEO ID #44878 on all correspondence
and mail your cover letter and resume to:

Department of Housing and Community Development
Human Resources Department
RE: Housing Specialist
100 Cambridge Street, Suite 300
Boston, MA 02114-2524

Fax: (617) 573-1299
TTY: (617) 573-1140

Please help the environment, by not mailing and faxing your resume and cover
letter - only do one or the other. Thank you for your help.

For non-United States citizens working in the United States on a work visa, this
position does not qualify as a specialty occupation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             875 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 18, 1989, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Suffolk Approves a Ban On Welfare Placements

BYLINE: By ERIC SCHMITT, Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 864 words

DATELINE: CORAM, L.I., Dec. 17


Every night for the last three years, Elsie Owens and a dozen neighbors in the
Gordon Heights section of Coram have patrolled their streets to discourage the
prostitutes and crack dealers who have moved in. The police say that most of the
dealers are transients living in welfare boardinghouses that have sprung up
among the modest, neatly kept homes of this Suffolk County hamlet.

''I can't even go out my front door because of the drugs, prostitution and
people urinating in the street,'' said Mrs. Owens, 61 years old, who has lived
in this middle-class community for 31 years. ''It's like Times Square.''

On Tuesday, the Suffolk County Legislature heeded the residents' angry cries for
help by approving legislation for a one-year ban on the county from placing
people on welfare here and in three other hamlets that have concentrations of
welfare recipients. During that year, the county would address ways to ease the
problems in the hamlets caused by the welfare placements.

The legislation is one effort to resolve the conflict between communities that
shoulder a disproportionate share of the county's housing needs for the poor and
the county's responsibility to provide shelter to those who cannot afford it.
But county officials say it may be unconstitutional, and it still needs the
signature of the County Executive, Patrick G. Halpin.

Sharing the Problem

Mr. Halpin vetoed identical legislation last September, but this time 14 of the
18 county legislators approved the bill, the number needed to override a veto.

In addition, social workers said the bill sets a dangerous precedent for other
hamlets. ''If you exclude them from these communities, why wouldn't every other
community jump on the bandwagon and say we don't want them either?'' said the
commissioner of Suffolk Social Services, Ruth A. Brandwein. ''The real problem
is that we have to scatter the sharing of the problem throughout the county.''

That is difficult to do on Long Island, where many communities effectively bar
poor people through high housing costs or restrictions on multi-family
dwellings. The county's ability to solve the problem is limited because it is
prohibited under the state Constitution from building housing. That prerogative
lies with the municipalities, which all have different zoning laws.

''We can't snap our fingers and create new facilities,'' Dr. Brandwein said.

Magnets for Welfare Tenants

This means that poor people find housing where they can. About 10 percent of the
13,000 households on public assistance in Suffolk live in the four communities
named in the bill, Gordon Heights, North Bellport, Mastic and Shirley.

Mastic and Shirley, for example, became magnets for welfare housing in the
mid-1970's, when a recession caused housing prices in new developments there to
tumble. Absentee landlords bought many of the properties and rented them to
welfare clients. When Long Island's housing market boomed in the 1980's, Mastic
and Shirley attracted even more welfare recipients as high rents kept them out
of wealthier communities.

Residents here acknowledge their civic responsibility to accept poor people into
their neighborhoods. But an infusion of ''alcoholics, drug-abuse offenders,
former patients of mental institutions, ex-criminals and generally undesirable
elements of society,'' the legislation said, have contributed to ''the blight
and economic deterioration'' of the four hamlets.

The residents fear that the drug dealers living among them have thrown the
neighborhood into a vicious cycle of ruin. Homeowners, scared for their safety
and eager to leave, sell their property for prices below market value. As
property values sink, speculators buy vacant houses and convert them into
rooming houses which they rent to tenants on welfare.

Resources Are Strained

''A beautiful community is turning into a slum,'' said John P. Anderson, a
30-year Gordon Heights resident who is president of the neighborhood's drug
patrol. ''We're getting more than our fair share of welfare people.''

Schools in the four communities have also suffered jarring consequences. In the
William Floyd School District, which serves Mastic and Shirley, about 10 percent
of the district's 9,300 children come from families on welfare, Superintendent
Wayne Williams said.

''We've found that a higher percentage of children from welfare families have
learning problems and special educational needs,'' Mr. Williams said.

Compounding the problem, William Floyd is the poorest of Suffolk's 71 school
districts in terms of property values, making it difficult to raise school taxes
to help address the problems.

''The existing policy has strained the resources of these communities,'' said
the bill's sponsor, Edward P. Romaine, a Republican county legislator whose
district includes the four hamlets.

Mr. Romaine, who is leaving office in January to become the Suffolk County
Clerk, conceded that the bill ''is no panacea'' and ''may not have even been
drafted properly.'' But, he said, the legislation sends a clear message to
county officials that they must take urgent steps to help residents ''who have
lost control of their communities.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos of residents of Suffolk County, Elsie Owens (pg. B1) & John P.
Anderson (pg. B2) (NYT/Michael Shavel); map of Suffolk County showing location
of Gordon Heights (NYT) (pg. B2)

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                             876 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Orange Leader (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            July 15, 2009 Wednesday

Council seeks to clean up downtown

BYLINE: Debby Schamber, The Orange Leader, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 762 words


Jul. 15--Orange City Council members are looking for a way to get the downtown
area cleaned up.

During a Tuesday morning meeting, they authorized a resolution allowing Nautical
Affordable Housing Inc. to submit applications to the Texas Department of
Housing and Community affairs and the US Department of Housing and Urban
Development for funds from the Neighborhood Stabilization Program.

The purpose of the application to address blight and foreclosures within the
city.

The developers are going to request more than $9 million with the remainder of
the funding needed to come from private sources. They plan to target the old
Jack Tarr hotel, which is located near the waterfront on Division Street, and
build a 50 unit of mutli-family housing. The developers also intend to build 50
other single family houses scattered in Orange. Also in consideration is the
empty parking lot across the street from the hotel.

The mix of occupancy in the multi-family will be 5 percent at or below low to
moderate income and 95 percent up to 120 percent median income. Median income is
currently $57,000. The application does not allow retail and housing to be mixed
but NHA will provide a retail component to compliment the downtown housing.
Officials are considering using the parking lot across the street from the hotel
to fill these needs.

The project could take up to 18 months to get off the ground once the funds are
received.

The city will participate with NHA to provide properties which have been
foreclosed on by the city and allow NHA to obtain the properties for closing
cost fees. There is no costs the city in the application or participation
process. However, the city will be asked at a later date for waivers of permit
fees.

"This is a one shot deal to get the property cleaned up," said Mayor Brown
Claybar. "Time is of the essence for submission of this application."

City officials hope the project will generate additional traffic to the downtown
area.

City council members entered into a lengthy discussion regarding the first
reading of amending a resolution to change an ordinance regarding late fees for
apartment complex owners. Owners who were late paying their bill were charged a
$5 late fee like single households in Orange. However, council members approved
charging apartment complex owners a late fee of $5 times the number of units
using water services.

In addition, council members, with the exception of Jeff Holland, approved
action of not reconnecting water services if the property has outstanding code
enforcement violations.

"We have tried everything we can, but we want Orange to be cleaned up," said
Theresa Beauchamp, city council member.

Holland suggested not to punish people who cannot pay their bill and instead
suggested a letter to the person warning them their water may be disconnected if
the violations are not corrected.

"My concern is the potential for people to be hurt by this who don't need to be
hurt simply because they can't pay their bill," Holland said.

City manager, Shawn Oubre, said the city will be focusing on high grass and
vehicles in the yard when enforcing the new ordinances.

However, when it came to a vote, council members, Holland and Bill Mello voted
against the change in the ordinance.

A contract was awarded to APAC-Texas in the amount of $40,500 for overlay/curbs
on Old Destroyer Drive. The funds are from the money collected from the
hotel/motel tax. However, they are somewhat restricted in their use such as to
draw tourism to the area. City officials feel since Old Destroyer Drive is not a
main thoroughfare and is used during area festivals, then it meets the
requirements.

Danny Hodges, of the Orange Police Department since 1994, was recognized for his
completion of the FBI National Academy. The course takes 10 weeks to complete.

According to Police Chief Sam Kittrell, the academy is the "premier law
enforcement training academy in the world."

Hodges said, " I am grateful for having the chance to attend the academy which
is an honor I never thought I would have."

Debby Schamber is a reporter for the Orange Leader. She can be reached at
409-883-3571 ext. 2603 or at dschamber@orangeleader.com

To see more of The Orange Leader or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.orangeleader.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Orange Leader, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090715-XY-DOWNTOWN-20090715

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XY


                                 Copyright 2009


                             877 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                    October 11, 1991, Friday, FINAL EDITION

'Radical' housing plan integrates income

BYLINE: Eva Ferguson

SECTION: CITY; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 474 words


Yuppies, students, people on low incomes and the homeless could soon share a
trendy address in the east end.

Redevelopment guidelines designed to create a unique, integrated community in
the East Village will soon be unveiled by a city housing task force, says Ald.
Barb Scott.

The plan calls for subsidized and low-rent housing in the core of the area, east
of city hall to Fort Calgary and between the Bow River and the railway tracks.

Condominiums and upscale housing would be built along the river-bank and the
western edge of Fort Calgary's parkland.

"This is really exciting, really radical," said Roy Woodbridge, manager of the
Calgary Drop-In Centre along Riverfront Avenue.

The homeless "are in need of housing more than ever whether it's some type of
hostel accommodation, interim or low-cost rental and it would all be available
right here," he said

Redevelopment of the area, which holds the city's highest concentration of
street people in a handful of agencies for the homeless, could start after the
plan is made public in December.

Scott, who co-chairs the Task Force on Housing in the Downtown that's worked on
the project for over a year, says it's time planners recognize the variety of
housing needs of street people - single mothers on welfare, young unemployed
men, people with mental disorders.

"This is the first time anything like this has ever happened in Canada that I'm
aware of," said Scott.

Cities are always "yuppifying areas" to increase tax base, but at the same time
displacing low-income renters who have to go somewhere.

Scott admits developers have shown little interest in the area because of the
concentration of the hard-to-house. But two consultants, hired by the city for $
50,000 each, have found higher wage earners, especially those who work downtown,
want to live there now.

"It's a walk-to-work area," said Scott. "It's got the river-bank."

And there will be a high demand there for multi-family housing, she said.

The city would avoid creating a ghetto by encouraging a broad spectrum of
low-income earners to move into the area after redevelopment starts.

John Mungham, spokesman for the Backdoor, says the area is perfect for
integration.

"It's downtown, there's already a lot of housing there, and it's next to
Victoria Park. A lot of renters in that area will be losing their homes and
where are they going to go?

"It's a problem, so we have to look at some creative ways of dealing with
housing now."

Major Len Frost, a spokesman for the Salvation Army's Booth Centre, a
single-men's hostel in the East Village, said agencies that provide mental
health care, counselling services and life skills need to be built into the
village.

Frost is also skeptical that housing will be affordable, but Scott is optimistic
subsidies will make it so.



LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1991 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             878 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Appeal-Democrat (Marysville, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 23, 2007 Tuesday

EDITORIAL: Banning smokers from apartments a slippery slope

BYLINE: Appeal-Democrat, Marysville, Calif.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 754 words


Jan. 23--JAN. 23, 2007 -- One problem political debaters often encounter when
using a slippery-slope argument is that it's easy to overstate one's fears. So
why do so many still use them? Simple; the argument is usually prescient.

The slippery slope is employed when it's easy to see that if A happens, B will
follow and the next thing you know, we're somewhere in the middle of the
alphabet, with one side trying to hold the line and the other pushing hard to
get to Z.

In the case of anti-tobacco zealots, Z is the total prohibition of smoking. In
the lifetimes of many of our readers, the United States has seen smokers pushed
into diminishing spaces to the point where many states, including California,
have some type of indoor smoking ban, even on private property.

We've railed against such bans as intrusions on property rights and free
association rights, and will continue to do so. We've warned that if government
can ban smoking on private property such as bars, restaurants and stores, it's
just a matter of time until the neo-prohibitionists set their sights on
automobiles and homes. Sadly, once again, we have to say we told you so.

Under the umbrella of protecting public health, anti-tobacco activists in
several communities are working to limit smokers' ability to light up in their
own homes, if they live in multi-family dwellings such as apartment buildings
and condominiums. Indoor smoking bans usually include public areas such as
hallways and lobbies. Now the prohibitionists want to go into smokers' living
rooms and remove the ashtrays.

As usual in such efforts, activists are launching the battle in an arena where
they have a lot of support and some genuine leverage -- public housing. In
Seattle, where an indoor smoking ban went into effect a year ago, some are
asking why nonsmoking tenants of public housing apartments have to suffer with
their neighbors' second-hand smoke. They point out that those who rely on public
housing have fewer housing options than renters in other situations and can't
move to other digs. It makes for a good argument, but it's another slippery
slope. If it makes sense for public housing apartments, why not extend it to
privately owned apartment buildings?

Once it's accepted practice to ban smoking in rental homes because of smoke
drifting under the door, across the hallway and under the door into a
neighboring unit, what's to stop the prohibitionists from applying the same
logic to single-family dwellings? After all, if a homeowner is sitting on his
deck on a summer evening enjoying an after-dinner smoke and the smoke drifts
into his neighbor's window, isn't that the same thing?

It's not that we're unsympathetic to those with smoke allergies or pulmonary
conditions that make exposure to smoke a concern. But the reality is that there
is only so much that can be done to limit environmental exposure to things that
aggravate those conditions. In the case of public housing, it's perfectly fine
for government to set smoking rules in the units; government is the landlord. In
Seattle, the King County Housing Authority is dealing with health and
sensitivity concerns by making some buildings smoke-free while leaving others
available to smokers. That's a plan that could be applied by private landlords
as well, taking away one of the prohibitionists' main arguments (assuming the
landlord owns multiple buildings). But it should be the decision of property
owners, not government.

Too many times, anti-smoking activists aren't satisfied with a reasonable
accommodation and push for an all-or-nothing plan that leaves smokers and
property owners out in the cold. Doing so infringes on the owners' right to use
his property as he sees fit. And if we allow government to limit property rights
in the all-powerful name of protecting health, where will it end? New York City
has already banned trans fats from restaurants; will other cities and states hop
aboard that train? Or will some ban trans fats from prepackaged foods on store
shelves? Enacting bans in the interest of protecting health removes individuals'
freedom of choice and responsibility for their own well being.

It's a slippery slope, indeed, and it starts at our own front doors.

Copyright (c) 2007, Appeal-Democrat, Marysville, Calif. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20070123-MY-0123-EDITORIAL-Banning-smokers-from-apartments-a-slippery-slope

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MY


                         Copyright 2007 Appeal-Democrat


                             879 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 bondbuyer.com

                            December 6, 2011 Tuesday

Local HFA Group Urges Treasury to Modify, Extend New Issue Bond Program

BYLINE: Lynn Hume

SECTION: WASHINGTON Vol. 120 No. 233

LENGTH: 711  words


WASHINGTON - Touting the success of the Treasury Department's New Issue Bond
Purchase Program, a group of local housing finance agencies is urging the Obama
administration to modify and extend it, this time allowing the Treasury to
exchange mortgage-backed securities it holds in its portfolio for MBS that wrap
NIBP bonds.

"It's a program crying out for another round," John Murphy, executive director
of the National Association of Local Housing Finance Agencies, said in a brief
interview Monday. If it is not extended, the NIBP program will expire on Dec.
31.

NALHFA issued a 21-page report detailing the NIBP's "tremendous story of
success" for local housing finance agencies, as well as the proposal for an
NIBP-2 it has floated to the Treasury earlier this year and a legal analysis
concluding such MBS exchanges would be done under current law.

The Obama administration launched the NIBP program in October 2009 to boost
housing state and local HFA issuance of affordable-housing bonds that support
low- to moderate-income families at a time when the HFAs were still reeling from
the financial crisis. HFAs were unable to borrow at rates that would make their
programs work. In addition, the HFAs that issued variable rate debt were hurt
because the financial institutions they relied upon to remarket the debt and
serve as buyers of last resort had withdrawn from the market, or had been
downgraded by credit rating agencies, or were trying to charge excessive fees
and impose unfavorable terms on issuers.

The NIBP program provided a total of $15.3 billion of temporary financing for
state and local HFAs to issue new single and multi-family housing bonds to fund
new mortgages for affordable homes. The Treasury, under authority provided by
the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008, bought Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
securities backed by these new housing bonds.

Of the $15.3 billion, about $2.15 billion was allocated to local HFAs, according
to NALHFA.

Forty-seven local HFAs - almost half of NALHFA's members - participated in the
NIBP program. As of Sept. 30, 44 of the local HFAs reported they had created
nearly 17,000 affordable housing opportunities for first-time homebuyers and
very low-income renters. This includes 33 local HFAs that used $269.87 million
out of a total of $1.02 billion allocated for single-family housing bonds to
help 7,540 homebuyers purchase affordable homes. About 97% of the homebuyers
were first-time homebuyers with average incomes of 78% of area median income.

In addition, many local HFAs were able to use their initial NIBP allocation to
leverage an additional $265.50 million in funding to serve other qualified
borrowers, NALHFA said.

During the same time frame, 11 local HFAs used $794.85 million of the $1.14
billion allocated for multifamily bonds to finance 71 new construction or
preservation projects containing 9,427 units, 91% of which were affordable to
households with incomes at or below 60% of median area income.

While not every local HFA was able to provide jobs estimates, those that did
said the financing created at least 4,736 construction and-or other permanent
jobs.

"NIBP has been a critical tool in expanding affordable homeownership and rental
housing opportunities, stabilizing blocks and neighborhoods as well as
generating significant economic activity in response to the nation's housing
crisis," NALHFA said in its report. "Without it, much of this economic activity
would not have occurred. Its tremendous success is a clarion call for an
additional round of NIPBP, as NALHFA has proposed."

NALHFA earlier this year submitted a proposal for another round of NIBP, with
two changes. The group asked that HFAs be permitted to structure their bonds to
include a premium to cover down payment assistance. It also asked that HFAs be
permitted to shift allocations from single-family bonds to multi-family bonds.
The Treasury began permitting this kind of shift in the existing program two
weeks ago.

Officials at the National Council of State Housing Financing Agencies said they
plan to soon issue the results of their members involvement in the program. They
said they have heard the NIBP allowed state HFAs to finance more than 100,000
single-family loans and more than 24,000 multifamily units.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_BB


                        Copyright 2011 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             880 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 16, 2016 Thursday

Caron Place zoning ruling upheld

BYLINE: Dan Heath, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 952 words


June 16--PLATTSBURGH -- The ongoing Caron Place issue was not resolved at this
week's Town of Plattsburgh Zoning Board of Appeals meeting.

The ZBA upheld Town Code Enforcement Officer Stephen Imhoff's interpretation of
town code that an onsite office for the proposed affordable housing project is
not an allowed use and requires a variance.

The decision leaves the applicant the option to pursue the variance or to seek
additional legal recourse.

Caron Place is an affordable housing complex proposed for the intersection of
Melody Lane and Tom Miller Road. The developer is Thomas Latinville, doing
business as 15 Champlain LLC.

The project calls for three buildings with three apartments in each. In its
present incarnation, it includes another apartment and separate property
manager's office in the duplex presently on site.

'NOT AN ALLOWED USE'

The multi-family housing project is an allowed use under town code in the
property's Residential 2 zoning classification.

Despite that, the Town Planning Board denied the project last September after
vocal opposition from neighbors on Melody Lane. That led Latinville to file an
Article 78 proceeding in State Supreme Court in October.

Supreme Court Justice John T. Ellis ruled in February that the town had to
provide the applicant with a meeting and rehearing.

The Planning Board revisited the matter in May, at which time the application
was deemed incomplete due to the need for a variance for the office.

That decision was bolstered by Imhoff's interpretation, which is based on
offices not listed among approved uses in a R2 zone nor on the list of allowed
accessory uses.

Imhoff said the code states that any accessory use permitted in connection with
a principal use requires the same level of review as the principal use. If you
then look at allowed uses, a business office is not allowed, he said.

"So it's clear to me that if it's not in there, it's not an allowed use," Imhoff
said.

Wednesday's vote was 3-to-2 to uphold Imhoff's finding, with Zoning Board of
Appeals members Sherman Rebideau, Patrick Duhaime and Betty Strack in favor and
Roger Black and Board Chairman Henry Hale opposed.

'POSITIVE FEATURE'

Latinville has retained John DuCharme of Clifton Park-based DuCharme, Clark and
Sovern in the matter.

DuCharme said their position is that an onsite manager's office should be
considered an accessory use and thus allowed.

"That has always been viewed as a positive feature for a multi-family property,"
he said. "I've never had a situation where somebody viewed that you're willing
to take rental space and use it for a manager as a negative."

DuCharme cited other affordable housing complexes in Plattsburgh where that is
the case, such as White Pine Commons on Wallace Hill Road Extension, Arthur
Lefevre Senior Housing on Rand Hill Road and RodericK Rock Senior Housing on
Route 22B.

"This is a use, in the Town of Plattsburgh, that is customarily accessory to a
multi-family apartment complex," he said.

QUESTIONS LOCATION

Story continues below video

After the meeting, Heidi Clute of Clute Wealth Management, the property just
east of the project site, said she supports low-income housing, but wants to see
the town fully review and approve any projects.

"There is a need for low-income housing," she said. "There are a lot of people
who need a place to live. It's tragic that there isn't adequate housing in the
community."

That said, she does question this location. A high-density complex with very
little green space and potential parking issues can change the character of the
neighborhood, Clute said.

She said it's important to let the Planning Board and Zoning Board do their jobs
to make sure development fits with the nature of the surrounding community.

"I think this decision is a good thing. They need to go through the proper
channels," she said.

'A LOT OF STIGMA'

The office in question would be used by a representative of ETC Housing Corp.

ETC Housing Executive Director Shauna Miller said the board's decision was
disappointing but didn't come as a surprise.

"We kind of expected that," she said.

Miller said she wishes neighbors opposed to the project would meet with her and
learn more about the programs they offer.

Those include eviction prevention services, permanent supportive housing, rapid
re-housing and emergency shelter programs.

The Caron Place units are planned as an addition to ETC's other established
services, she said, and would open up new funding streams for their programs.

"There's a lot of stigma associated with what we do and low-income housing in
general," she said. "If they come out and see us, they will see that we do great
work in the community."

She was grateful Latinville has continued to pursue the matter, even at great
personal cost.

"We have been very honored that he has stood by this project. At any time, he
could have said he was not going to continue," Miller said.

"He has really stood by this project because he is very committed to providing
affordable housing to the community."

'CAPRICIOUS'

DuCharme said he plans to bring up the town's latest decision on the matter up
during a conference with Ellis that is scheduled for June 28, and they will
decide their next course of action after that.

"It is our feeling that the Planning Board did not treat us fairly, that we're
being treated arbitrarily and capriciously as a result of this lawsuit," he
said, "and the fact that residents came out at the first meeting and didn't want
this complex in their neighborhood even though it is a permitted use."

Email Dan Heath:

dheath@pressrepublican.com

___ (c)2016 the Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, N.Y.) Visit the Press-Republican
(Plattsburgh, N.Y.) at pressrepublican.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160616-ZI-Caron-Place-zoning-ruling-upheld-0616-20160616

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                      Copyright 2016 The Press-Republican


                             881 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                January 22, 1990

Kemp Kills Coinsurance After $ 1 Billion Losses

BYLINE: By BRIAN COLLINS

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1072 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


In a surprise move, Housing and Urban Development Secretary Jack Kemp last week
killed the department's co-insurance program, which has incurred some $ 1
billion in losses over the past five years.

Lenders now will be required to get prior HUD approval before making any loan
commitments to owners and developers of multi-family housing, said Mr. Kemp.

By the end of the year, Mr. Kemp says HUD will replace co-insurance with a
program in which the Federal Housing Administration insures 100% of the
multi-family mortgages.

The co-insurance program was designed as the government's principal commitment
to building and rehabilitating multi-family housing for low- and middle-income
tenants.

And Secretary Kemp is promising to maintain a multi-family insurance program
"that works."

"Our review of co-insurance -- and its mounting losses -- has shown that it
cannot be managed or overseen in a way that will serve the interests of the
public at large or the needs of families for affordable housing," the Secretary
said in a statement.

Since its inception in 1983, losses under the co-insurance program have reached
$ 1.06 billion.

NTMN as a result of a Freedom of Information Act request recently obtained a HUD
audit that found that in one such coinsured project, the Pebble Creek Apartment
project in Arlington, Texas, Federal rent subsidies are excessive and the
insured mortgage amount is overstated.

The HUD Inspector General is recommending that owners Gerald Carmen and Joshua
Muss reimburse HUD for excess rent subsidies and the coinsurer, Benton Mortgage
Corp. of Knoxville, Tenn., recast the mortgage.

Mr. Carmen was president of the Federal Asset Disposition Association.

The project is owned by a partnership, 225 New York Ave. Ltd., Washington, D.C.
Messrs. Carmen and Muss are two of the partners.

An attorney for the partnership said it had no comment on the audit because it
had just received it.  But he said the local housing authority involved had
objected to most of the audit's findings.

The most controversial coinsurer, DRG Funding Corp. of Washington, D.C., now is
in bankruptcy.

HUD inspector general Paul Adams reported in April 1989 that DRG had defaulted
on 79 of its 272 coinsured loans, or 29%.

"The outstanding principal and accrured interest balance on DRG's defaulted
loans amount to nearly $ 538 million," the IG reported.

Despite the horror stories, Mr. Kemp's action took many in Washington by
surprise.

"We were shocked," Robert O'Toole of the Mortgage Bankers Association said.

Mr. Toole noted that the MBA had been working with HUD to reform the existing
program by increasing eligibility and net worth requirements for co-insurance
lenders.

Interim regulations almost were ready for publication, he said.

The inspector general never recommended that HUD terminate the co-insurance
program, according to Chris Greer, assistant inspector general.

"We had our doubts whether the co-insurance program could be run effectively,"
he said.

"But we thought the proposed reforms would go a long way toward fixing the
program," Mr. Greer said.

"We don't know what Secretary Kemp is going to put in its place," Mr. O'Toole
said.

Until last week, mortgage companies that qualify as co-insurers accepted 20% of
the risk in making multi-family housing mortgages and FHA insured the remaining
80% of the mortgage.

In return for the risk, coinsurers were authorized to fund mortgages without
prior HUD approval.

HUD handed over the approval process to lenders in May 1983 because it did not
have the staff to process loan applications on a timely basis.

By 1986, however, audits by the IG showed the coinsurers were not implementing
the program properly and HUD officials were not monitoring it.

Presently, there are 39 co-insurance lenders and 13 either have been suspended
from the program or are on probation.

Secretary Kemp is proposing to move the approval process back to HUD to stop
abuses.

However, mortgage bankers are concerned that HUD still does not have the staff
to approve loans in a timely manner.

"Owners and lenders will not get involved in the program if it takes a long time
to get approval," Mr. O'Toole said.

Meanwhile, the dispute with Benton Mortgage has tied HUD up in knots and its
officials are quick to say that HUD is in "disarray."

HUD's Mortgagee Review Board tried to suspend Benton Mortgage following an IG
report that showed mortgages of 14 projects were overstated by $ 22 million and
rent subsidies were excessive by $ 37 million.

But Benton sued HUD and a U.S. district court issued a restraining order on HUD
and recently Benton Mortgage recently won the right to take a deposition from
FHA Commissioner C. Austin Fitts and other members of the review board
concerning their decision to suspend Benton.

In a just-released audit of the Pebble Creek project, the IG found HUD would be
paying $ 3.2 million in excessive rent subsidies over 15 years and that the $
8.09 million mortgage is overstated by $ 2.1 million.

"The contract rents need to be adjusted retroactively to an approriate amount
and excess housing assistance paid to date should be recovered by HUD,"
according to an audit signed by Mr. Greer.

He recommends that the Arlington, Texas Housing Authority recover the excess
assistance payments from the owners.

Readjusting the mortgage amount is more complicated, however.

And Benton Mortgage is suing the Federal Housing Administration because of a
six-month delay in providing the final endorsement for the Pebble Creek
mortgage.

The IG recommends that HUD inform Benton that it intends to terminate the
mortgage insurance of the Pebble Creek project in the near future.

If a decision is made to insure the project, "the mortgagee must recompute and
recast the insured mortgage based on HUD-determined contract rents," Mr. Greer
recommended in the audit.

Mr. Greer said that the IG has conducted 10 audits of coinsurance projects in
which similiar recommendations have been made.

So far, Ms. Fitts has not responded to the IG recommendations.

The mortgage amount and subsidies were approved by HUD and the Arlington Housing
Authority, according to Arthur Hessel, an attorney representing Benton.

He contends that the readjustment of the mortgage amount would be unprecedented,
and recovery of rent subsidies could lead to defaults.

Mr. Hessel is a partner with the law firm of at Kelley, Drye & Warren.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1990 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             882 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                January 4, 1999

FHLB Dallas Reaches AH Goal

BYLINE: BY KIM RENAY ANDERSON

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 638 words

DATELINE: Dallas


The Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas has completed the second of two offerings
of its 1998 Affordable Housing Program.  The grants, which totaled $ 7.1
million, have been designed to provide for the subsidizing, purchase,
construction or rehabilitation of 1,360 single family and multifamily housing
units in Texas, Arkansas, Mississippi, New Mexico and Louisiana.

George Barclay, president of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas said, "Since
1990, the FHLB of Dallas has assisted in funding 17,255 single family and
multi-family units and awarded more than $ 70.6 million in AHP funds."

Through the AHP, subsidized loans and other direct subsidiaries are made
available to financial institutions that are members of the FHLB of Dallas.
These loans are to be used to help pay closing costs, to assist with
down-payments for rehabilitation, acquisition or construction on single family
or multi-family mortgages and or units specifically targeted to very low, low
and moderate income families.  No taxpayer dollars are involved and the goal of
the program is to expand housing opportunities for very low and low-income
families and individuals.

Furthermore, housing affordability and housing for the homeless are the most
pressing issues facing our nation today said Mr. Barclay.

"The Affordable housing program," he said, "makes it possible for very low and
low income families to receive the assistance they desperately need."

The affordable housing program operates through a district-wide competition
where member institutions submit applications to the FHLB of Dallas for AHP
funds during semi-annual offering periods.  Applications "are then evaluated and
the highest scoring applications sufficient to utilize the subsidiary funds
available are funded.

The FHLB of Dallas AHP 1998 has awarded $ 7,145,026 towards affordable housing
projects in the five targeted states.  Overall 73% or 986 units have been
targeted to very low-income households, which are at or below 50% of the area
median income.  21% or 286 units have been targeted for low-income households,
which is at or below 805 of the area median income.

The FHLB of Dallas is part of the Federal Home Loan Bank System, a national
network of more than 5,800 financial institutions, 12 regional Federal Home Loan
Banks and the Federal Housing Finance in Washington, D.C.  It is a $ 30 billion
financial intermediary providing credit and other financial services to more
than 700 community savings institutions and commercial banks supporting housing
finance and commercial lending in their communities of AK, LA, MS, NM and TX.

Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas: Affordable Housing Program 1998 B Summary
Statistics

Note: This table may be divided, and additional information on a particular
entry may appear on more than one screen.
                                                               Units
             # Projects  AHP$ Awarded  Total Dev Cost  Total   Ownes  Rental
Arkansas               5     $ 774,000     $ 6,511,650    248    198      50
Lousiana               7     $ 814,097    $ 10,035,972    147    115      32
Mississippi            7   $ 1,556,934     $ 8,309,383    154     55      99
New Mexico             6     $ 960,000    $ 13,596,511    186     86     100
Texas                 24   $ 3,039,995    $ 31,500,961    625    334     291
Total                 49   $ 7,145,026    $ 69,954,477   1360    788     572
Percent of
total units                                            57.94%  42.06%
                                Units
             Elderly  Handicap  Homeless   Rural   Urban
Arkansas         192        50         0        0     248
Lousiana          13         9         0       71      76
Mississippi       59        33        27      129      25
New Mexico        73        15         0      131      55
Texas            157       111        11      183     442
Total            494       218        38      514     846
Percent of
total units    36.32%    16.03%     2.79%  37.79%  62.21%


* FHLB of Dallas Fund Affordable Housing Twice a year, this is the second round
(b)

Source: Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1999 Faulkner & Gray


                             883 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            March 29, 2007 Thursday
                                 Every Edition

BRIEFS

SECTION: EXTRAS; Pg. DZ14

LENGTH: 498 words

National Walk for Epilepsy

The first-ever National Walk for Epilepsy will kick off at 8:45 a.m. Saturday on
the Mall.

More than 5,000 walkers are expected to converge on the Mall to raise money to
support research toward a cure, organizers said. Epilepsy, a disorder in which
clusters of nerve cells in the brain sometimes signal abnormally and cause
seizures, convulsion or loss of consciousness, affects more than 74,000 people
in the Washington area.

Sponsored by the Epilepsy Foundation and Ortho-McNeil Neurologics Inc., the walk
will start behind the National Museum of Natural History and end in front of the
National Air and Space Museum. For more information, go to
http://www.walkforepilepsy.org.

Fair Housing Symposium

A free, one-day symposium to raise awareness and discuss fair-housing practices
in the District will be April 10 from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. at the D.C. Housing
Finance Agency, 815 Florida Ave. NW.

Sponsored by the Housing Finance Agency, the D.C. Department of Housing and
Community Development, the D.C. Office of Human Rights and the D.C. Housing
Authority, the sixth annual Fair Housing Symposium will focus on fair-housing
practices that most affect residents. Attendees will get answers about housing
accessibility; learn how to properly convert a building from rental to
owner-occupied, multi-family buildings; and learn about the protections of the
Fair Housing Act.

Mayor Adrian M. Fenty and agency directors are expected to attend. Registration
is required. For more information, call 202-645-5634 or go to
http://www.ohr.dc.gov.

Energy Production Grants

Residents interested in participating in a District project aimed at developing
methods of producing renewable energy have until Monday to apply for grants to
fund up to 50 percent of the costs.

The Renewable Energy Trust Fund provides universal services to develop and
provide low-cost, energy-efficient and renewable energy programs.

The projects should produce electricity, measurable at the electric meter, using
a renewable source of fuel such as solar power, biomass, cogeneration, wind or
hydropower.

For more information, contact Emil King at 202-359-5924 or emil.king@dc.gov, or
Lekeisha Estep at 202-671-1403 or lakeisha.estep@dc.gov. Apply online at
http://www.dceo.dc.gov or in person at the District Department of the
Environment office, 2000 14th St. NW, third floor.

Nationals Ballpark Meeting

The D.C. Sports and Entertainment Commission will host a public meeting to
discuss plans for the new Washington Nationals ballpark from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m.
today at Southeastern University, 501 I St. SW.

Residents and business owners are invited to attend. Representatives from the
District Department of Transportation, the police department, the Nationals and
the Sports Commission will be available to discuss issues pertaining to traffic
planning, public safety and other matters.

For more information, call 202-608-1112 or go to http://www.washdcsports.com.

-- Compiled by JILLIAN S. JARRETT

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: DC

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             884 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  New Orleans City Business (New Orleans, LA)

                             May 28, 2015 Thursday

Panel: Policy changes needed to address gentrification

BYLINE: Tegan Wendland, Reporter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 423  words


A panel of community leaders called for policy changes at a heated discussion on
neighborhood gentrification Wednesday.

As part of The Big Issue community speaker series at the Tulane Hillel, the
panel spoke to an audience of about 400 about the socio-economic and cultural
implications of changing neighborhoods.

City Councilwoman LaToya Cantrell addressed how the changing population in many
New Orleans neighborhoods is driving up rental prices and making life in the
city unaffordable for the lower and working classes.

Cantrell said she will push the council to focus on creating affordable housing
opportunities.

"Forty-five percent of many people's income is going towards rent right now, you
used to be able to afford to work in the hospitality industry and live in New
Orleans," Cantrell said.

Flozell Daniels, CEO and president of Foundation for Louisiana, grew up in the
Freret Street district. He said the influx of young professionals is good for
the city's economy but also broadens economic inequality.

"People's lives are changing," he said. "People used to be able to live near
their families and their jobs and rely on cheap transportation and live their
lives. "

He said that traditionally, Americans' best chance at building wealth has been
through property ownership, but added, "That's almost impossible in this city. "

Vance Vaucresson, owner of Vaucresson's Sausage Company and co-developer of the
residential housing at Sacred Heart Church on St Bernard Avenue, spoke of the
challenges he faced in getting his business back on its feet after Hurricane
Katrina. He is working with several community groups to open a multi-family and
retail space at the former Sacred Heart Church in the 7th Ward.

He said his family had relied on their butchering and sausage businesses for
generations but that life has been harder for them over the past 10 years as a
result of rising costs.

Daniels referred to growing income disparity as "an American problem. " He said
his organization would soon start a project called the "Housing Nola Project"
that focuses on collecting data regarding how people feel about the changing
demographics and property valuations.

Cantrell said the problem should be addressed from a policy level and suggested
more inclusionary zoning and comprehensive case management for low-income
property owners.

To sign up for free CityBusiness Daily Updates, click here.

http://www.neworleanscitybusiness.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more
from this resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             885 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Keene Sentinel (New Hampshire)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              July 12, 2015 Sunday

NH Housing Finance Authority holding public hearing in Walpole for housing
development

BYLINE: Matt Nanci, The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 861 words


July 12--WALPOLE -- Residents will have their say Monday evening at a public
hearing for a housing project more than five years in the making.

Walpole-based Avanru Development Group applied for a loan using affordable
housing funds from the New Hampshire Housing Authority to build 21 units of
rental housing for low and moderate-income individuals and families.

The anticipated owner of the project is Abenaki Springs I Limited Partnership,
according to the New Hampshire Housing Finance Authority's notice of the public
hearing.

Jack D. Franks, president and CEO of Avanru Development Group, said he owns
Abenaki Springs I Limited Partnership, which is a company he created for the
purpose of owning the housing development.

State law requires the New Hampshire Housing Finance Authority to a hold a
public hearing before distributing affordable housing funds.

Monday's hearing will start at 7 p.m. in Town Hall.

"I'm excited after five years of very hard work to move the project forward and
bring good homes to people in need," Franks said.

He wants to build this apartment complex because there is an "overwhelming" need
for good places for people to live, according to Franks.

"It just brings much-needed updated homes to people that don't have any options
at this point," he said.

He added that the new rental units will "create a stable opportunity for people
in need."

Since Franks first proposed development of that area, his project has faced
several hurdles.

What was originally pitched as 48 condominiums changed to a 67-unit, 33,000
square-foot, two-story apartment complex aimed at people ages 55 and over after
the economy and downfall of the housing market made its initial proposal
unfeasible.

In November 2012, the Walpole planning board approved the 67-unit plan in a 4-3
vote despite dozens of residents speaking out against the project.

Eric Merklein, a former planning board member who voted against the project,
said he disapproved of the project because of its location.

"It's such a bad place to put it," Merklein said this week.

He added he's not opposed to the construction of housing for low and
moderate-income persons and families, but not behind Tractor Supply Co.

Merklein said he doesn't like how there isn't anywhere for kids to play or for
people to walk outside. He said he's also concerned for the safety of
pedestrians trying to cross well-traveled Route 12.

A month after the planning board's decision, 22 Walpole residents filed a
lawsuit against Walpole in Cheshire Superior Court, alleging the board acted
improperly in approving the project proposed by Avanru Development Group. They
sought to vacate the planning board's decision.

The lawsuit also questioned Avanru's commitment to renting the apartments to
people 55 years old and over. The lawsuit states that during November's hearing,
"for the first time, Avanru advised the planning board that although it would
try to rent the apartments to those over 55 years of age it was not obligated to
do so and would rent to any tenant acceptable to them regardless of age."

The group of residents suing the board claims the plan to rent to people 55
years old and over was a ruse meant to foster greater support from state and
town officials.

The petitioners call into question several letters of support presented by
Avanru during the approval process, including one from Walpole Police Chief
Michael Paquette stating that a 55-and-over apartment complex would not present
additional or significant challenges for his department.

The lawsuit argues that Avanru should have informed Paquette of the possibility
that the apartments could be rented to people of all ages.

In April, a superior court judge ruled that the planning board had acted
appropriately when approving the project.

In the decision, Cheshire County Superior Court Judge John C. Kissinger Jr. was
"not persuaded by the balance of probabilities that the board believed the new
project would be restricted to those over 55," and that "the court does not
agree this was apparent from the record."

Kissinger also addressed the petitioners' claim that Avanru should have gone
back to state and local officials for opinions on the impact of
non-age-restricted housing, saying that "the letters (obtained by Avanru from
state and local officials) do not state that they based their assessment on an
age restriction." He added that "the petitioners did not challenge the
conclusions from the various agencies prior to bringing this appeal."

The development plan changed again when searching to finance the project Franks
said he was alerted to the possibility of getting a loan from the New Hampshire
Housing Finance Authority and applied for it in 2013.

For more information on Monday's public hearing, call Julian Morgan, the program
manager for multi-family business development at the New Hampshire Housing
Finance Authority at 472-8623, or email him at jmorgan@nhhfa.org

Matt Nanci can be reached at 352-1234, extension 1439, or
mnanci@keenesentinel.com Follow him on Twitter @MNanciKS.

___ (c)2015 The Keene Sentinel (Keene, N.H.) Visit The Keene Sentinel (Keene,
N.H.) at www.sentinelsource.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150712-KN-NH-Housing
-Finance-Authority-holding-public-hearing-in-Walpole-for-housing
-development-0712-20150712

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KN


                       Copyright 2015 The Keene Sentinel


                             886 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                                 July 27, 2009

U.S. Housing Relocation and Stabilization Program to help prevent homelessness

BYLINE: Becky Gillette

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1040  words


In the past, homelessness has been mostly a problem in big cities, and has often
been more common with single people than families. But with the current
recession, high unemployment rates and record high levels of foreclosures in the
first six months of 2009, there has been an increase in the number of families
facing homelessness.

There were a record 1.5 million foreclosure filings in the U.S. during the first
half of the year, an increase of 15 percent from the previous year. And
unemployment rose to 9.5 percent in June - the highest rate in 26 years. The
number of families seeking help after losing their homes increased from 473,000
in 2007 to 517,000 in 2008, according to the U.S Department of Housing and Urban
Development (HUD).

HUD said there has been a shift in homelessness to include more families and
more residents of suburbs and rural areas.

But one difference between the current recession and the Great Depression is
that more safety nets exist today to help Americans weather the economic
downturn. One such example is the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
(ARRA) Housing Relocation and Stabilization Program (HPRP), a $1.2-billion
stimulus project that is being directed towards preventing homelessness with
Rapid Re-housing Programs in 400 communities across the county.

The State of Mississippi has been allocated about $13.4 million of the Rapid Re-
housing Program funds to provide temporary financial help and housing relocation
services to people and families who are homeless or who would be homeless
without the assistance. The program in Mississippi is being administered by the
Mississippi Development Authority's (MDA's) Community Services Division.

MDA has just received approval from HUD for the state's plan, and will be
rolling out details on those programs as soon as possible.

"Our goal is to provide assistance to individuals and families who would be
homeless but for this program," said Manning McPhillips, who is heading up the
stimulus program for the State of Mississippi "If you are homeless, at risk of
becoming homeless or know someone who is homeless, help is available. HUD, along
with many other federal agencies, funds programs to help persons who are
homeless. Local homeless assistance agencies provide a range of services and
assistance, including emergency shelter, food, housing counseling and job
training and placement assistance. "

A list of homeless service organizations in Mississippi can be found at the web
site www.hud.gov/local/ms/homeless/2006-12-27.cfm.

HUD awards homeless assistance grants to organizations across the country to
prevent homelessness and its effect on people's lives. The two primary grant
types are Continuum of Care and Emergency Shelter.

Activities eligible for HPRP funding include financial assistance. Any HPRP
funds used to support program participants must be issued directly to the
appropriate third party, such as the landlord or utility company, and in no case
are funds eligible to be issued directly to program participants.

Programs may not charge fees to HPRP program participants.

Services to pay for expenses that are available through other ARRA programs,
including childcare and employment training, are not eligible. Financial
assistance may not be used to pay for any mortgage costs or to assist homeowners
with any fees, taxes or other costs of refinancing a mortgage to make it
affordable.

McPhillips said HPRP funds may not be used to pay for any of the following
items: construction or rehabilitation; credit card bills or other consumer debt;
car repair or other transportation costs; travel costs; food; medical or dental
care and medicines; clothing and grooming; home furnishings; pet care;
entertainment activities; work- or education-related materials; or, cash
assistance to program participants.

HPRP funds may not be used to develop discharge planning programs in mainstream
institutions such as hospitals, jails or prisons. HPRP funds also cannot be used
to pay for certifications, licenses and general training classes.

HPRP funds must be obligated to grantees by Sept. 30, 2009. After two years, 60
percent of the funds must be expended or HUD may then proceed to recapture the
unused HPRP funds and reallocate them elsewhere in the country. After three
years, 100 percent of the funds must be expended.

For specific information pertaining to each eligible activity, please visit
www.HUDHRE.INFO and select Homelessness Prevention and Rapid Re-Housing Program.
Then select Homelessness Prevention and Rapid Re-Housing Program (HPRP) notice
(pdf). Eligible activity information will be on pages 12-20.

In another program, HUD has allocated about $15 million to the State of
Mississippi to implement the HOME Investment Partnerships Program (HOME
Program). The HOME Program is a federally-funded grant program designed to
strengthen partnerships between public and private agencies to provide
affordable housing within local communities. The Mississippi Development
Authority (MDA) administers the funds for the state and oversees the grant
application and selection process.

"Mississippi has identified some keys areas as priorities for the state's
housing needs - homeownership opportunities, homeowner rehabilitation and
development of regional approaches to address affordable housing needs," said
MDA executive director Gray Swoope. "Homeownership is an attainable goal for
many families, even those with a low income. "

The HOME Program has three primary purposes:

* Expand the supply of decent, safe, sanitary and affordable housing.

* Strengthen the abilities of states and units of local government to design and
implement strategies for achieving an adequate supply of affordable housing.

* Provide participating jurisdictions, on a coordinated basis, with various
forms of federal housing assistance. Communities may use HOME funds to carry out
housing strategies through homebuyer assistance, homeowner
rehabilitation/reconstruction and multi-family rental housing to benefit low-
and very low-income families.

HOME funds are being distributed statewide to eligible local applicants using a
competitive process. For more information about the HOME Program and application
criteria, visit www.mississippi.org/csd.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             887 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Lima News (Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 22, 2007 Monday

EDITORIAL: Slippery slopes

BYLINE: The Lima News, Ohio

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 756 words


Jan. 22--One problem political debaters often encounter when using a
slippery-slope argument is that it's easy to overstate one's fears. So why do so
many still use them? Simple. It is usually prescient.

The slippery slope is employed when it's easy to see that, if A happens, B will
follow and the next thing you know, we're somewhere in the middle of the
alphabet, with one side trying to hold the line and the other pushing hard to
get to Z.

In the case of antitobacco zealots, Z is the total prohibition of smoking. In
the lifetimes of many readers, the United States has seen smokers pushed into
diminishing spaces, to the point where many states, including Ohio with its
for-now unenforceable version, have some type of indoor smoking ban, even on
private property. We've railed against such bans as intrusions on property
rights and free association rights, and will continue to do so. We've warned
that, if government can ban smoking on private property such as bars,
restaurants and stores, it's just a matter of time until the neo-prohibitionists
set their sights on automobiles and homes. Sadly, perhaps we haven't made the
arguments as clearly as needed and, once again, we have to say we told you so.

Under the umbrella of protecting public health, antitobacco activists in several
communities across the nation are working to limit smokers' ability to light up
in their own homes, if they live in multi-family dwellings such as apartment
buildings and condominiums. Indoor smoking bans usually include public areas
such as hallways and lobbies. Now the prohibitionists want to go into smokers'
living rooms and remove the ashtrays.

As usual in such efforts, activists are launching the battle in an arena where
they have a lot of support and some genuine leverage -- public housing. In
Seattle, where an indoor smoking ban went into effect a year ago, some are
asking why nonsmoking tenants of public housing apartments have to suffer with
their neighbors' smoke. They point out that those who rely on public housing
have fewer housing options than renters in other situations and can't move to
other digs. It makes for a good argument, but it's another slippery slope. If it
makes sense for public housing apartments, why not extend it to privately owned
apartment buildings?

Once it's accepted practice to ban smoking in rental homes because of smoke
drifting under the door, across the hallway and under the door into a
neighboring unit, what's to stop the prohibitionists from applying the same
logic to single-family dwellings? After all, if a homeowner is sitting on his
deck on a summer evening enjoying an after-dinner smoke and the smoke drifts
into his neighbor's window, isn't that the same thing?

It's not that we're unsympathetic to those with smoke allergies or pulmonary
conditions that make exposure to smoke a concern. But the reality is that there
is only so much that can be done to limit environmental exposure to things that
aggravate those conditions. In the case of public housing, it's perfectly fine
for government to set smoking rules in the units; government is the landlord. In
Seattle, the King County Housing Authority is dealing with health and
sensitivity concerns by making some buildings smoke-free while leaving others
available to smokers. That's a plan that could be applied by private landlords
as well, taking away one of the prohibitionists' main arguments (assuming the
landlord owns multiple buildings). But it should be the decision of property
owners, not government.

Too many times, antismoking activists aren't satisfied with a reasonable
accommodation and push for an all-or-nothing plan that leaves smokers and
property owners out in the cold. Doing so infringes on the owners' right to use
his property as he sees fit. And if we allow government to limit property rights
in the all-powerful name of protecting health, where will it end? New York City
has already banned trans fats from restaurants; will other cities and states hop
aboard that train?

Enacting bans in the interest of protecting health -- however well-intended --
removes individuals' freedom of choice and responsibility for their own well
being. It's a slippery slope, indeed, and it starts at our own front doors.

Copyright (c) 2007, The Lima News, Ohio Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070122-LM-0122-EDITORIAL-Slippery-slopes

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LM


                          Copyright 2007 The Lima News


                             888 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

'Vision' for site: Forget density

BYLINE: By Nels Johnson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1022 words


A new "vision" statement issued by Strawberry homeowners all but slams the door
on intensive development, especially more of the multi-family rentals that
already dot the community.

The statement, a 135-page document listing community concerns and aspirations,
was issued as new owners of the 124-acre Golden Gate Baptist Seminary campus
worked on a development plan that will be submitted to the county in what a
spokesman called a "matter of weeks."

"We have every intention of being a good neighbor and developing a plan that
preserves and enhances the character of the Strawberry neighborhood," said
Charles Goodyear, a representative of North Coast Land Holdings, an entity owned
by a trust established by the late Barbara Fasken of Ross.

The scenic campus tract, zoned for as many as 300 dwellings, was sold for $85
million to Fasken's billion-dollar oil trust last summer as officials disclosed
Branson School was considering relocating to the site. The news sharpened
development fears of residents already at odds with the county's affordable
housing preference for the region.

Vision Â» Page 2

The "Strawberry Community Vision" compiled by a committee of 16 residents under
the wing of Supervisor Kate Sears, her staff and county consultants, provides a
detailed review of a survey of property owners taken at a community forum last
fall. It ranks "assets, opportunities and issues of concern" in the community.

The result, Sears said in a preface, is not a formal community planning document
but "will hopefully position Strawberry for a more detailed planning process in
the future."

The document says that the top concern among 138 survey participants was "higher
density development than what is already built."

The No. 2 concern: "Change in institutional uses on Golden Gate Baptist Seminary
property."

And in a shot at officials including the Board of Supervisors, "insufficient
representation, regulation and oversight of new development and project design
by existing responsible boards/agencies" ranked as the third most pressing
concern.

Development was among top concerns related to community character, parks and
recreation, traffic circulation, and community services including schools, where
overcrowding is an issue. "Limit future development that generates
new/significant vehicle traffic," according to the document.

Although 64 percent of the housing in the community is rental, and 59 percent
multifamily, only 10 percent of those participating in the survey were renters.
The "community vision" reflects predominantly the view of longtime property
owners.

"While residential development in Strawberry is relatively low density, the
community hosts a high percentage of multifamily housing at a rate considerably
higher than Marin County as a whole," the statement notes. "There is concern the
development of additional, multifamily units will have a negative effect on
community character with impacts on open space, scenic resources, traffic and
public services."

As for the seminary campus, "there is concern it may be developed as residences
and or a school, which could increase development densities, reduce its quality
as a scenic resource, and bring problems such as additional traffic.

Sylvia Marino, a representative of the Seminary Neighborhood Association, said
the vision statement reaffirms the neighborhood's "overwhelming opposition to
intense seminary campus development."

"Any intense development proposal for the Golden Gate Baptist Theological
Seminary will be strongly opposed," she said in a statement issued by attorney
Riley Hurd. "The results of this collaborative neighborhood effort clearly show
that Strawberry residents are very concerned about increased traffic congestion,
school overcrowding, and other quality of life issues."

Marino said the "purchase of the campus comes with no development entitlement
other than for a seminary. ... The visioning process should put the developer
and other parties, such as the Branson School, on notice that any proposal that
alters Strawberry's character is not acceptable."

Seeking consensus

Goodyear said trust representatives have held repeated meetings with neighbors
"to get their feedback, listen to their concerns and see where consensus can be
reached."

A development plan for the campus will be submitted to the county within weeks,
he said. He did not provide development specifics but said amenities will be
abundant.

"Our proposal will follow the Strawberry master plan and will preserve dozens of
acres of open space," Goodyear said. "It will create playing fields and
recreation opportunities for Strawberry residents and the region at large. It
will preserve an academic use for the property. And we will implement a dynamic
traffic management and rideshare plan."

In addition, Goodyear said the property "has been underutilized for decades" and
that "when Strawberry residents moved in they were well aware of the enrollment
and land use entitlements that have been granted to the Seminary property for
more than 50 years."

Last year, trust associates said they had no plan to sell off any of the land
and noted county regulations allow 300 dwellings and an educational operation
such as Branson School.

Prior history

The seminary, which is leaving after making Marin home since 1959, has an
enrollment of 600 students, including 175 who live on campus, and a payroll
covering 90 employees. A seminary proposal for 117 new dwellings was dismissed
by county planners three years ago as having little, if any, chance of approval
because it conflicted with site development and related policies including a
1984 master plan. The 1984 plan allowed the addition of 93 student and faculty
units to the 211-unit campus complex, but none was built.

Supervisor Sears said she hopes the vision statement prompts the community to
reflect on the future and engage in "conversations in households, neighborhoods,
schools, public facilities, cafes and restaurants, and during strolls on the
Strawberry shoreline pathways."

The document "is a helpful jumping off point for the further discussion and work
we can accomplish together," she said.

Vision

From Page 1

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2015 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                             889 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                                August 31, 2009

Housing Relocation and Stabilization Program to help prevent homelessness

BYLINE: Becky Gillette

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1041  words


In the past, homelessness has been mostly a problem in big cities, and has often
been more common with single people than families. But with the current
recession, high unemployment rates and record high levels of foreclosures in the
first six months of 2009, there has been an increase in the number of families
facing homelessness.

There were a record 1.5 million foreclosure filings in the U.S. during the first
half of the year, an increase of 15 percent from the previous year. And
unemployment rose to 9.5 percent in June - the highest rate in 26 years. The
number of families seeking help after losing their homes increased from 473,000
in 2007 to 517,000 in 2008, according to the U.S Department of Housing and Urban
Development (HUD).

HUD said there has been a shift in homelessness to include more families and
more residents of suburbs and rural areas.

But one difference between the current recession and the Great Depression is
that more safety nets exist today to help Americans weather the economic
downturn. One such example is the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
(ARRA) Housing Relocation and Stabilization Program (HPRP), a $1.2-billion
stimulus project that is being directed towards preventing homelessness with
Rapid Re-housing Programs in 400 communities across the county.

The State of Mississippi has been allocated about $13.4 million of the Rapid Re-
housing Program funds to provide temporary financial help and housing relocation
services to people and families who are homeless or who would be homeless
without the assistance. The program in Mississippi is being administered by the
Mississippi Development Authority's (MDA's) Community Services Division.

MDA has just received approval from HUD for the state's plan, and will be
rolling out details on those programs as soon as possible.

 "Our goal is to provide assistance to individuals and families who would be
homeless but for this program," said Manning McPhillips, who is heading up the
stimulus program for the State of Mississippi "If you are homeless, at risk of
becoming homeless or know someone who is homeless, help is available. HUD, along
with many other federal agencies, funds programs to help persons who are
homeless. Local homeless assistance agencies provide a range of services and
assistance, including emergency shelter, food, housing counseling and job
training and placement assistance. "

A list of homeless service organizations in Mississippi can be found at the web
site www.hud.gov/local/ms/homeless/2006-12-27.cfm.

HUD awards homeless assistance grants to organizations across the country to
prevent homelessness and its effect on people's lives. The two primary grant
types are Continuum of Care and Emergency Shelter.

Activities eligible for HPRP funding include financial assistance. Any HPRP
funds used to support program participants must be issued directly to the
appropriate third party, such as the landlord or utility company, and in no case
are funds eligible to be issued directly to program participants.

Programs may not charge fees to HPRP program participants.

Services to pay for expenses that are available through other ARRA programs,
including childcare and employment training, are not eligible. Financial
assistance may not be used to pay for any mortgage costs or to assist homeowners
with any fees, taxes or other costs of refinancing a mortgage to make it
affordable.

McPhillips said HPRP funds may not be used to pay for any of the following
items: construction or rehabilitation; credit card bills or other consumer debt;
car repair or other transportation costs; travel costs; food; medical or dental
care and medicines; clothing and grooming; home furnishings; pet care;
entertainment activities; work- or education-related materials; or, cash
assistance to program participants.

HPRP funds may not be used to develop discharge planning programs in mainstream
institutions such as hospitals, jails or prisons. HPRP funds also cannot be used
to pay for certifications, licenses and general training classes.

HPRP funds must be obligated to grantees by Sept. 30, 2009. After two years, 60
percent of the funds must be expended or HUD may then proceed to recapture the
unused HPRP funds and reallocate them elsewhere in the country. After three
years, 100 percent of the funds must be expended.

For specific information pertaining to each eligible activity, please visit
www.HUDHRE.INFO and select Homelessness Prevention and Rapid Re-Housing Program.
Then select Homelessness Prevention and Rapid Re-Housing Program (HPRP) notice
(pdf). Eligible activity information will be on pages 12-20.

In another program, HUD has allocated about $15 million to the State of
Mississippi to implement the HOME Investment Partnerships Program (HOME
Program). The HOME Program is a federally-funded grant program designed to
strengthen partnerships between public and private agencies to provide
affordable housing within local communities. The Mississippi Development
Authority (MDA) administers the funds for the state and oversees the grant
application and selection process.

"Mississippi has identified some keys areas as priorities for the state's
housing needs - homeownership opportunities, homeowner rehabilitation and
development of regional approaches to address affordable housing needs," said
MDA executive director Gray Swoope. "Homeownership is an attainable goal for
many families, even those with a low income. "

The HOME Program has three primary purposes:

n Expand the supply of decent, safe, sanitary and affordable housing.

n Strengthen the abilities of states and units of local government to design and
implement strategies for achieving an adequate supply of affordable housing.

n Provide participating jurisdictions, on a coordinated basis, with various
forms of federal housing assistance. Communities may use HOME funds to carry out
housing strategies through homebuyer assistance, homeowner
rehabilitation/reconstruction and multi-family rental housing to benefit low-
and very low-income families.

HOME funds are being distributed statewide to eligible local applicants using a
competitive process. For more information about the HOME Program and application
criteria, visit www.mississippi.org/csd.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             890 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                              June 27, 2016 Monday

New CRA Fund Aims to Boost Supply of Affordable Housing

BYLINE: Brian Patrick Eha

SECTION: CONSUMER FINANCE Vol. 1 No. 122

LENGTH: 632  words


As the luxury housing boom continues and glass-and-steel "supertalls" pierce the
skylines of cities like New York, the benefits show little sign of trickling
down to low-income renters.

Homeownership is at its lowest level in 50 years, yet even as millions of people
have been pushed into the rental market, the United States is losing more than
300,000 affordable units each year, according to the Department of Housing and
Urban Development.

Amid the runaway affordable-housing crisis, a longtime expert on the Community
Reinvestment Act has rounded up 10 banks to invest in a $25 million fund that
aims to encourage the development or rehabilitation of affordable single- and
multi-family properties.

The Community Development Fund, which began trading on the Nasdaq last month,
invests in government-guaranteed mortgage-backed securities. Its aim is to spur
more development of affordable housing by giving lenders another option for
selling their community development loans. Banks that invest can expect modest
returns as well as favorable consideration from federal CRA examiners, said Ken
Thomas, the president of Miami-based Community Development Fund Advisors, which
started the fund.

For Thomas, the fund is the culmination of a lifetime's work on CRA and
fair-lending practices, both as a finance and economics professor the University
of Pennsylvania's Wharton School and as an independent consultant to financial
institutions. Living in Miami, one of the least-affordable housing markets in
the country, has given him an intimate understanding of the need for good
housing stock among low- and moderate-income families, he said.

He opened the fund to initial subscribers in February. Thanks to his connections
with banks in Florida and beyond, he had no trouble drumming up interest. "It
was not a hard sell," he said.

Each investor owns a piece of a nationwide fund, but the capital each
contributes is earmarked for investments in their own community, Thomas said.

"When you start with $25 million, you can make an impact right away," said Jerry
Campbell, the chairman and chief executive of Tampa-based HomeBanc, one of the
10 initial investors in the fund and one of seven headquartered in Florida.
HomeBanc contributed $1 million to the fund.

Instead of making an individual effort in its community, the $1 billion-asset
bank has an opportunity through the fund "to support the affordable-housing
market with some force and some real dollars that can truly make a difference,"
Campbell said.

Participation in the fund could go a long way toward ensuring the banks pass the
investment portion of their CRA exams. And as a side benefit, all investors in
the fund receive Thomas's consulting servicesgratis. The banks are free to call
and pick his brain about the CRA or related issues at any time, he said.

Other banks that contributed to the fund are: City National Bank, Coconut Grove
Bank, Sabadell United Bank and Total Bank in Miami; Gibraltar Private Bank &
Trust in Coral Gables, Fla.; Florida Community Bank in Weston; UMB Bank in
Kansas City, Mo.; NorthEast Community Bank I White Plains, N.Y.; and Century
Savings Bank in Vineland, N.J.

In time, Thomas plans to grow the fund beyond its initial investor pool.
"There's a lot of demand out there, and a lot of banks are contacting us. But
our number-one goal is to serve our customers and we're going to grow in a very
controlled way."

About half of the $25 million has already been used to purchase bonds. Similar
securities have historically generated interest-rate returns of between 2% and
3%, he said.

Campbell expects the yields to be similar to those of long-term mortgage bonds,
perhaps as high as 4%. "That's a good, fair yield," he said. "That's above
prime. But more importantly, it's putting the salve on the right wound."

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             891 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            nationalmortgagenews.com

                                 June 24, 2016

New CRA Fund Aims to Boost Supply of Affordable Housing

BYLINE: Brian Patrick Eha

SECTION: ORIGINATION Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 632  words


As the luxury housing boom continues and glass-and-steel "supertalls" pierce the
skylines of cities like New York, the benefits show little sign of trickling
down to low-income renters.

Homeownership is at its lowest level in 50 years, yet even as millions of people
have been pushed into the rental market, the United States is losing more than
300,000 affordable units each year, according to the Department of Housing and
Urban Development.

Amid the runaway affordable-housing crisis, a longtime expert on the Community
Reinvestment Act has rounded up 10 banks to invest in a $25 million fund that
aims to encourage the development or rehabilitation of affordable single- and
multi-family properties.

The Community Development Fund, which began trading on the Nasdaq last month,
invests in government-guaranteed mortgage-backed securities. Its aim is to spur
more development of affordable housing by giving lenders another option for
selling their community development loans. Banks that invest can expect modest
returns as well as favorable consideration from federal CRA examiners, said Ken
Thomas, the president of Miami-based Community Development Fund Advisors, which
started the fund.

For Thomas, the fund is the culmination of a lifetime's work on CRA and
fair-lending practices, both as a finance and economics professor the University
of Pennsylvania's Wharton School and as an independent consultant to financial
institutions. Living in Miami, one of the least-affordable housing markets in
the country, has given him an intimate understanding of the need for good
housing stock among low- and moderate-income families, he said.

He opened the fund to initial subscribers in February. Thanks to his connections
with banks in Florida and beyond, he had no trouble drumming up interest. "It
was not a hard sell," he said.

Each investor owns a piece of a nationwide fund, but the capital each
contributes is earmarked for investments in their own community, Thomas said.

"When you start with $25 million, you can make an impact right away," said Jerry
Campbell, the chairman and chief executive of Tampa-based HomeBanc, one of the
10 initial investors in the fund and one of seven headquartered in Florida.
HomeBanc contributed $1 million to the fund.

Instead of making an individual effort in its community, the $1 billion-asset
bank has an opportunity through the fund "to support the affordable-housing
market with some force and some real dollars that can truly make a difference,"
Campbell said.

Participation in the fund could go a long way toward ensuring the banks pass the
investment portion of their CRA exams. And as a side benefit, all investors in
the fund receive Thomas's consulting servicesgratis. The banks are free to call
and pick his brain about the CRA or related issues at any time, he said.

Other banks that contributed to the fund are: City National Bank, Coconut Grove
Bank, Sabadell United Bank and Total Bank in Miami; Gibraltar Private Bank &
Trust in Coral Gables, Fla.; Florida Community Bank in Weston; UMB Bank in
Kansas City, Mo.; NorthEast Community Bank in White Plains, N.Y.; and Century
Savings Bank in Vineland, N.J.

In time, Thomas plans to grow the fund beyond its initial investor pool.
"There's a lot of demand out there, and a lot of banks are contacting us. But
our No. 1 goal is to serve our customers and we're going to grow in a very
controlled way."

About half of the $25 million has already been used to purchase bonds. Similar
securities have historically generated interest-rate returns of between 2% and
3%, he said.

Campbell expects the yields to be similar to those of long-term mortgage bonds,
perhaps as high as 4%. "That's a good, fair yield," he said. "That's above
prime. But more importantly, it's putting the salve on the right wound."

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NATIONALMORTGAGE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             892 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 21, 2015 Tuesday

Santa Rosa to consider fixes for housing crisis

BYLINE: Kevin McCallum, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 798 words


July 21--In February, the Santa Rosa City Council agreed that one of its top
goals would be to address the affordable housing crisis.

Five months later, it still hasn't done much about it.

That could change today when the council will be asked to make some hard choices
about how it wants to tackle the problem.

"This is sort of the first serious step in having the council make tough
decisions about priorities," Mayor John Sawyer said. "This is our opportunity to
bite the bullet and move forward as a group with the things that four votes
decide to move forward."

The council has asked city staff members to present a range of options for how
to deal with a historic housing crunch, where rents have gone up by 30 percent
in three years and low-income residents are seeing their options quickly
dwindle.

Ideas include instituting rent control, fast-tracking new apartment complexes
and slapping an affordable housing fee on businesses of more than 10 people,
known as a commercial linkage fee. City Manager Sean McGlynn has listened as
council members in recent months have proposed those and a host of other
possible solutions. Now he's putting it back on the council agenda and asking
them to make some decisions about what he and his staff should work on first.

In the mix are projects including reunification of Courthouse Square, which
along with rent control McGlynn wants decisions on first, and pressing subjects
that McGlynn says can wait, such as potential regulation of vacation rentals and
a call for union rules on large city construction projects.

"We're having to reprioritize to really get some things into a conversation,"
McGlynn said. "This is about scheduling the time so we have can a full, open,
transparent conversation."

In many ways today's meeting is simply a matter of scheduling. No policy
decisions will be made. But by fast-tracking some affordable housing approaches
and pushing back or passing on others altogether, the decisions could prove far
reaching.

McGlynn has proposed a series of study sessions over three months, each taking a
deep dive into proposed solutions and asking the council whether it wants to
implement each approach.

The commercial linkage fee is proposed for Aug. 18. Rent control, perhaps the
most controversial approach, is slated for Sept. 1, with housing voucher
discrimination coming two weeks later.

On Oct. 20 there is a session touching on in-lieu housing fees, streamlining of
transit-oriented projects, and requiring some developers to set aside 20 percent
of units as affordable.

A Nov. 3 session would focus on dedication of post-redevelopment funds to
housing, streamlining building permits, and fast-tracking low to moderate income
multi-family housing projects.

It is far from clear that the council will accept McGlynn's proposed shift in
priorities.

Rent control has already shown itself to be a divisive topic in Santa Rosa.
Councilwoman Julie Combs's failed effort last month to impose a temporary
moratorium on rent increases of more than 3 percent sparked a passionate debate
about the value of such regulations.

Sawyer, the former owner of a longtime downtown newsstand, said he would rather
focus on measures that boost the housing supply instead of imposing rent
restrictions on the city's limited stock.

"For me, nothing is going to solve the housing problem like inventory," Sawyer
said. "That's where I would like to start the conversation."

As he sees it, the city is paying the price today for not allowing more robust
housing growth 10 years ago. He sees the downtown as the best place to place
significant inventories of new housing units because it's where buildings can
rise to 10 stories or higher.

"We're the fifth largest city in the Bay Area. I want to see cranes swinging in
our downtown," Sawyer said.

Combs said she agrees that a wide range of additional inventory is needed in the
city, including market rate, workforce, and affordable housing. But she noted
that there are 3,000 units already approved and unbuilt, some of them affordable
units that need "gap funding" in the form of subsidies to make them viable
projects.

And even if new market rate or affordable complexes are approved today, they'll
take several years to get permitted, constructed and on the market. In the
meantime, the city also needs to protect current renters with what she calls
"rent stabilization."

"The children who've grown up here and work here should be able to live here,"
Combs said. "I don't believe we can only build our way out of this problem."

You can reach Staff Writer Kevin McCallum at 521-5207 or
kevin.mccallum@pressdemocrat.com On Twitter @srcitybeat.

___ (c)2015 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150721-UR-Santa-Rosa-to-consider-fixes-for-housing
-crisis-0721-20150721

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                       Copyright 2015 The Press Democrat


                             893 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              June 8, 1997 Sunday

BYLINE: Joe Gardyasz

LENGTH: 736 words


When Cathrine White moved to Bismarck with her two children, she knew finding
affordable housing would be tough. The single mother had just gotten out of the
Army, and planned to support her family with a combination of unemployment
insurance, veterans' benefits and school loans so she could go to college full
time. She had applied for housing assistance when she found out she qualified
for a reduced-rent apartment at Ithica Heights. The new apartment complex offers
reduced rent to lower-income families through the North Dakota Low Income
Housing Tax Credit program.

The 47-unit project is the latest of 18 apartment buildings in Bismarck financed
by the program in the past decade. Ithica Heights, managed by Garsten Management
Corp. of Devils Lake, is not what most people would think of as ""low-income.''
The apartments have features found in upscale units, such as washer and dryer
hookups, microwaves, garbage disposals and garages available. Under the program,
developers compete for the tax credits, which they in turn sell to investors to
raise capital for the project. Using that equity, the developer can borrow less
and charge lower rents. Getting a newly built two-bedroom apartment in a
security building ""was a blessing from God,'' she said. Based on her income,
she qualified for one of five units that rents for just $240 a month. ""If they
didn't have this program, I wouldn't be able to go to school,'' White said.
""I'd have to work part time, and when would I see my children? The remainder of
the units in the complex are reserved for those whose income is at 60 percent or
less of median income. For those families, the rents range from $420 for a
one-bedroom unit to $570 for a three-bedroom unit. The median income for a
family of four in Burleigh County is $43,400. The income limits are actually not
that low for Bismarck, said Tammy Burtness, property manager for Ithica Heights.
The individual income limit is about $18,000; a family of four must make less
than about $25,000 to qualify. About one in seven people applying for an
apartment qualifies for the program, and reference checks are strict, she said.
About 35 of the units already have been rented, most of them were filled when
the apartments were first marketed in January. Garsten Management is also
considering building another project in south Bismarck near Washington Street
and Front Avenue, said Burtness. Whether that project will be awarded financing
under the tax credit program is not yet known, she said. Clusters of other
complexes that have been built south of Century Avenue were also financed under
the tax credit program, including the Washington Heights, Century East and
Calgary series of apartments. Valley Realty Inc. of Valley City developed the 13
24-unit complexes, an investment of about $10 million. ""When the tax credit
program began in Bismarck, there was really no other multi-family complexes
being built in Bismarck,'' said Jim Knutson, vice president of Valley Realty.
""Since we've begun, there have been other projects that have been built, but
the people who rent our projects would not be able to afford them.'' He said the
quality of their low-income projects is no less than their conventional
projects, because they must still compete for tenants. ""We have to make it
pleasing to them so that they'll rent from us.'' However, a former resident of
one of the Century East apartments said she would never live in an apartment
again after her bad experience there. ""I was kind of naive about low-income
apartments when I moved there,'' said Tina Delkamp, who had a housing voucher to
live there. According to Delkamp, she didn't realize that many of the people at
the complex were unemployed and at home during the day, which tended to cause
problems. The police do respond to a lot of calls to these complexes, said
Bismarck Police Capt. Darrell Neas. But the number of calls is probably
proportional to the large concentration of families there, he added. ""I
wouldn't attribute it to any socio-economic factors of the people living
there,'' he said.

CUTLINEByline: MIKE MCCLEARY of the Tribune Cathrine White reads a book with her
sons, Mikkel, 2, right, and Tevin, 9 months. White is living in Ithica Heights
Apartments, a recently completed low-income housing complex in Bismarck. The
reduced rent allows her to go to school full time and still have time to spend
with her children.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1997 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             894 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The News & Advance (Lynchburg, Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 24, 2010 Sunday

Plan to develop old Armstrong School property criticized

BYLINE: Alicia Petska, The News and Advance, Lynchburg, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 851 words


Jan. 24--A proposal to transform the old Armstrong School property off Rivermont
Avenue into a 60-unit apartment complex has drawn opposition from both Lynchburg
planning commissioners and neighboring homeowners.

While the redevelopment of the defunct school itself was generally supported
during a commission meeting this month, plans to construct a second building
that would house the bulk of the apartments sparked surprise and aversion.

Located on Monsview Place, the Armstrong School has sat vacant for close to
eight years. It was once an all-black elementary school, with a history dating
to 1917. The two-story brick building was last used to house a regional
alternative education program.

The Landmark Group, a North Carolina-based firm, is proposing to purchase the
site for $500,000 and convert it into affordable apartments. City Council has
twice granted it a tentative option to buy, most recently in December.

The deal hinges in part on Landmark's ability to secure low-income housing tax
credits from the state. The company was passed over last year, but plans to
reapply in March. To strengthen the application, it's now seeking to rezone the
property for multi-family housing.

During a Jan. 13 planning commission meeting, 16 neighbors expressed their
opposition. Concerns cited by those who spoke included excessive density; fear
of increased crime and lower property values; incompatibility with the
neighborhood's single-family makeup; and added traffic.

"There is no saving grace for this project," said Alfred Farrar, who lives
across the street from the school. "That our elected representatives would even
consider it is beyond comprehension."

Many neighbors expressed shock that the developers were proposing to construct a
second building facing Boston Avenue that would hold 42 of the apartments.

The school building itself would hold 14 apartments while a small addition to it
would allow for another four, according to a site plan submitted to the city.

In April, Landmark submitted materials to City Council that noted such a
building and included a preliminary sketch of the layout. The structure was only
mentioned in passing during subsequent council deliberations and news coverage.

No public hearing was held at the time. This month's planning commission
proceedings offered the community its first opportunity to review and comment on
the project's site plan.

"When I saw the building facing Boston Avenue, it was quite a shock, to say the
least," said Ann Mitchell, who lives on that street.

Mitchell said she was in favor of redeveloping the school, but felt 60 units was
excessive. She proposed 18 to 20 as an alternative, a range supported by other
speakers.

Jim Sari, CEO of Landmark, said the project would not be financially viable at
that number and predicted the property would become a "tear down" if the city
restricted the density to that degree.

He countered concerns raised about increased gang and drug activity by arguing
he conducts a "pretty significant" screening of his tenants.

"I think we're in 10 states now and we don't have any drug dens," he said,
adding his business would suffer if he permitted such conditions. "I am
for-profit. If I let my properties go downhill, my rents go down and my
vacancies go up. And I end up paying for it."

Sari said he plans to spend about $9 million on this project and rent the
apartments out for $500 to $800.

In its deliberations, the planning commission expressed uniform disappointment
that Sari had not held a neighborhood meeting prior to the hearing. Doing so
could have done much to address the questions and fears raised, officials said.

The commission said it was in strong support of the redevelopment aspect of the
project, but was apprehensive about the new construction. Officials offered to
table the request for further discussion, but Sari noted he was facing a
deadline and would "take my chances" with council.

The planning commission voted 3-0 to recommend denial of the request. Two
commissioners were absent, one seat is vacant and one commissioner, Rick Barnes,
abstained because his son is working as an architect on the project.

The request is now scheduled to go to City Council on Feb. 9. Sari said he does
plan to hold a neighborhood meeting before then. Council had asked for such a
meeting several times in its prior discussions.

Council has generally expressed mixed opinions about this project and stressed
that the option to buy is non-binding. Officials can reject the deal if they
deem any aspect of the project to be unsatisfactory.

If the city does want to sell the property, that decision will require a
separate public hearing and a supermajority vote of council.

To see more of The News & Advance, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newsadvance.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The News and Advance, Lynchburg,
Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20100124-LY-Plan-to-develop-old-Armstrong-School-property-criticized-0124

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LY


                       Copyright 2010 The News & Advance


                             895 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 12, 2009 Thursday

Garfield OKs affordable housing project

BYLINE: Brian McGillivary, The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 528 words


Mar. 12--TRAVERSE CITY -- A hotly debated affordable housing complex won
approval from Garfield Township officials after project opponents agreed to a
mediated settlement.

The decision ends a two-year odyssey for developer Scott Norris that embarrassed
some township officials and prompted him to contact the U.S. Justice Department
over discrimination concerns.

"It was handled terribly and it wasn't very pretty," said township Clerk Kay
Schumacher, the lone holdover from the previous township board.

Norris' proposed Brookside Commons project at Zimmerman and North Long Lake
roads was to have eight single-family homes, small neighborhood stores and a
72-unit, low-income apartment complex.

Neighbors and investors in adjacent Lone Tree subdivision contended the
subsidized rental units would increase crime and lower property values.

"People have sentiments against affordable housing and whether they are
legitimate or not, in mediation you look for ways to appease those concerns,"
Norris said.

Norris eliminated the single-family homes from his plan and created an
80-foot-wide forested buffer. He also agreed to erect a fence on his side of the
forest to separate apartment residents from Lone Tree.

Project critic John Nelson, a township planning commissioner whose wife owns
property in Lone Tree, represented the neighbors in mediation. Nelson said he
doesn't believe multi-family housing should be located in an area for single
family homes, but mediation addressed neighbors' concerns.

The board approved the project on Feb. 26.

"The developers had jumped through so many hoops and done so many things that to
say no at this point would have resulted in a really painful lawsuit," township
Supervisor Chuck Korn said.

Norris' project endured 19 months of township review, and he ultimately was told
it didn't have enough acreage to fit requirements for a planned unit
development. The township's zoning board of appeals then denied his variance
request.

"That went beyond an honest mistake," Norris said. "You can't sit there for 19
months and say you never noticed there wasn't enough land."

Norris contacted U.S. Justice Department officials in Grand Rapids over concerns
the township acted in a discriminatory fashion because the development was to
include low-income housing.

"The early indication was this was something Justice was going to step in on,
but then we got some movement in the project so we dropped it," Norris said.

Norris also appealed the ZBA decision to the local circuit court; the variance
subsequently was returned to the township with guidelines for reconsideration
and the ZBA approved it in January.

"I'm just glad we could get the project rolling," Korn said. "We need affordable
housing on that side of town."

To see more of The Record-Eagle or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.record-eagle.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Record-Eagle, Traverse
City, Mich. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090312-ZK-Garfield-OKs-affordable-housing-project-0312

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                                 Copyright 2009


                             896 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Montana Standard (Butte)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            September 5, 2014 Friday

Butte transforms run-down park with new neighborhood center

BYLINE: Renata Birkenbuel, The Montana Standard, Butte

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 767 words


Sept. 05--BUTTE -- The new Emma Park Neighborhood Center boasts spacious
offices, large windows, rooftop greenery and easier access to several community
programs on county-donated land.

It's a welcoming place for clientele looking for services and programs to help
lift them out of short-term and long-term poverty, said Margie Seccomb, new CEO
since outgoing 30-year CEO Elissa Mitchell retired last month.

"Now we can focus on this high-poverty neighborhood," said Seccomb. "We're going
to try to create a more livable environment for people and help with the blight
people are living in."

The most recent U.S. Census reported that the poverty rate in the Central Butte
neighborhood stands between 40 and 60 percent of all households.

Seccomb wants to empower residents by giving them a voice in neighborhood
changes.

HRC completed a master plan that builds upon recent county improvements in
sidewalk repairs, new housing, street lighting and the Neighborhood Task Force
community garden at the south end of Emma Park, kitty-corner from the new
center.

The gleaming corner building at 25 W. Silver St. and 10,000 square feet overall,
boasts an energy-efficient design complete with solar panels on the top roof, a
subroof shrub garden and two sleek tower clocks minus the numbers.

NorthWestern Energy donated $70,000 for the numerous solar panels, which
contrast starkly with Uptown's historic buildings in the northern distance.

"The solar panels are really cool," said Seccomb. "We'll have very low electric
bills."

A combination of grants and loans made it possible for HRC to construct the new
building: A low-interest $1.3 million long-term loan from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development Agency; and a $450,000 grant and a $400,000 loan
from the Butte-Silver Bow Urban Revitalization Agency.

"It took us awhile to get here -- about four years to get the money," said
Seccomb.

Amenities abound in the new building.

Private meeting rooms will allow greater confidentiality for clients. The
breathing space is a refreshing switch from HRC's former cramped headquarters at
700 Casey St., shared with various agencies.

"We never had any space," she added. "The new offices are designed better for
the clients and for networking."

A large board room with a long, rectangular table hosts county and agency
meetings. It's available for neighborhood council get-togethers and HRC staff
training.

"We're hoping the board room helps us make a lot more connections," Seccomb
added.

Eventually the expansive, well-lit lobby will have computers for job-hunters and
online applicants for services. Youth Services upstairs overlooks the lower
green roof adjacent to a second-floor sun porch.

"Now clients will feel that they're part of the community," said Seccomb.

Without HRC and its myriad services, working folks would struggle.

Services include Low-Income Energy Assistance, weatherization, affordable
multi-family housing in Silver Bow, Madison and Powell counties, Section 8
rental assistance, Head Start, Youth Services employment and training, Homeward
Bound transitional housing for the homeless and emergency housing and medicine
for the destitute.

"There's a huge need," said Seccomb. "We operate a lot of programs to supplement
incomes."

Other changes in the planning stages:

HRC is transitioning to a new business model trending in the community action
movement that focuses first on finding permanent housing for the homeless.
Previously transitional housing was the priority, then permanent housing came
later.

"We try to keep people in their homes so they don't lose their homes," she said.

Now HRC is lease-free -- a relief after paying one for 26 years in the previous
location.

Despite its District XII moniker, HRC is one of 10 nonprofit community action
centers in the state. The HRC name will be rebranded, too, said Seccomb, the
only grant writer on staff.

Overall, more competitive grants and tougher federal performance standards make
for demanding circumstances.

"It's getting tougher all the time," said Seccomb. "But we're prepared for that.
Our board has been working on a new vision for two years. It's challenging and
exciting. I think we'll do well."

Recently retired HRC director Elissa Mitchell spent a month in the new center
before handing over the reins to Seccomb.

"It's a dream come true for me," said Mitchell, 62. "Margie is very intelligent,
a quick study and very much mission-oriented. I'm sure she will do an excellent
job."

___ (c)2014 The Montana Standard (Butte, Mont.) Visit The Montana Standard
(Butte, Mont.) at www.mtstandard.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140905-BU-Butte-transforms-run-down-park-with-new-neighborhood-center-0905-201
40905

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BU


                      Copyright 2014 The Montana Standard


                             897 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Montana Standard (Butte)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 4, 2014 Thursday

Heart of the 'hood

BYLINE: Renata Birkenbuel, The Montana Standard, Butte

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 765 words


Sept. 04--The new Emma Park Neighborhood Center boasts spacious offices, large
windows, rooftop greenery and easier access to several community programs on
county-donated land.

It's a welcoming place for clientele looking for services and programs to help
lift them out of short-term and long-term poverty, said Margie Seccomb, new CEO
since outgoing 30-year CEO Elissa Mitchell retired last month.

"Now we can focus on this high-poverty neighborhood," said Seccomb. "We're going
to try to create a more livable environment for people and help with the blight
people are living in."

The most recent U.S. Census reported that the poverty rate in the Central Butte
neighborhood stands between 40 and 60 percent of all households.

Seccomb wants to empower residents by giving them a voice in neighborhood
changes.

HRC completed a master plan that builds upon recent county improvements in
sidewalk repairs, new housing, street lighting and the Neighborhood Task Force
community garden at the south end of Emma Park, kitty-corner from the new
center.

The gleaming corner building at 25 W. Silver St. and 10,000 square feet overall,
boasts an energy-efficient design complete with solar panels on the top roof, a
subroof shrub garden and two sleek tower clocks minus the numbers.

NorthWestern Energy donated $70,000 for the numerous solar panels, which
contrast starkly with Uptown's historic buildings in the northern distance.

"The solar panels are really cool," said Seccomb. "We'll have very low electric
bills."

A combination of grants and loans made it possible for HRC to construct the new
building: A low-interest $1.3 million long-term loan from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development Agency; and a $450,000 grant and a $400,000 loan
from the Butte-Silver Bow Urban Revitalization Agency.

"It took us awhile to get here -- about four years to get the money," said
Seccomb.

Amenities abound in the new building.

Private meeting rooms will allow greater confidentiality for clients. The
breathing space is a refreshing switch from HRC's former cramped headquarters at
700 Casey St., shared with various agencies.

"We never had any space," she added. "The new offices are designed better for
the clients and for networking."

A large board room with a long, rectangular table hosts county and agency
meetings. It's available for neighborhood council get-togethers and HRC staff
training.

"We're hoping the board room helps us make a lot more connections," Seccomb
added.

Eventually the expansive, well-lit lobby will have computers for job-hunters and
online applicants for services. Youth Services upstairs overlooks the lower
green roof adjacent to a second-floor sun porch.

"Now clients will feel that they're part of the community," said Seccomb.

Without HRC and its myriad services, working folks would struggle.

Services include Low-Income Energy Assistance, weatherization, affordable
multi-family housing in Silver Bow, Madison and Powell counties, Section 8
rental assistance, Head Start, Youth Services employment and training, Homeward
Bound transitional housing for the homeless and emergency housing and medicine
for the destitute.

"There's a huge need," said Seccomb. "We operate a lot of programs to supplement
incomes."

Other changes in the planning stages:

HRC is transitioning to a new business model trending in the community action
movement that focuses first on finding permanent housing for the homeless.
Previously transitional housing was the priority, then permanent housing came
later.

"We try to keep people in their homes so they don't lose their homes," she said.

Now HRC is lease-free -- a relief after paying one for 26 years in the previous
location.

Despite its District XII moniker, HRC is one of 10 nonprofit community action
centers in the state. The HRC name will be rebranded, too, said Seccomb, the
only grant writer on staff.

Overall, more competitive grants and tougher federal performance standards make
for demanding circumstances.

"It's getting tougher all the time," said Seccomb. "But we're prepared for that.
Our board has been working on a new vision for two years. It's challenging and
exciting. I think we'll do well."

Recently retired HRC director Elissa Mitchell spent a month in the new center
before handing over the reins to Seccomb.

"It's a dream come true for me," said Mitchell, 62. "Margie is very intelligent,
a quick study and very much mission-oriented. I'm sure she will do an excellent
job."

___ (c)2014 The Montana Standard (Butte, Mont.) Visit The Montana Standard
(Butte, Mont.) at www.mtstandard.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140904-BU-Heart-of-the-hood-0904-20140904

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BU


                      Copyright 2014 The Montana Standard


                             898 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            Colorado Springs Business Journal (Colorado Springs, CO)

                              July 1, 2011 Friday

Nonprofits in Colorado standing in the housing gap

BYLINE: Amanda Miller

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1265  words


As Colorado Springs' apartment vacancy rates decrease, inexpensive housing is
drying up. And that has more low-income renters turning to affordable-housing
providers, like the Division of Housing and Greccio Housing.

The city's apartment vacancy rate is 5.6 percent, a 10-year low, and apartment
owners have stopped offering incentives like discounted rent as thousands of
troops return to Fort Carson after deployment. Foreclosures have also forced
families out of homes and into rentals.

The Colorado Division of Housing's annual Housing Need and Rent Burden report,
released earlier this month, estimates that there are two families for every
available unit in Colorado within an affordable range for those who earn less
than $20,000 a year.

In Colorado Springs, there are 1.7 households earning $20,000 to $25,000 for
every available unit within range.

There are 2.7 households For those earning $15,000 to $20,000, and 2.3
households making $10,000 for every unit.

Rent-burdened households are fewer in Colorado Springs than in high-rent parts
of the state like Boulder and Fort Collins, according to the report.

Rent-burdened households are defined as those that spend more than 30 percent of
their income on rent. In Colorado Springs, 22 percent of households fork over
more than half their monthly income for rent.

Another 37 percent pay 35 percent or more of their income for rent and almost 46
percent pay more than 30 percent. 'There's a need in our community' Colorado
Springs Housing Authority issues 2,800 Section 8 vouchers a quarter, Assistant
Executive Director Chad Wright said. Section 8 vouchers allow the city to
subsidize rent for poor workers in approved buildings throughout the city.

The agency also manages 1,400 to 1,500 affordable rental units in various parts
of Colorado Springs, Wright said.

"We're really trying to serve a subset of the population that makes 30 to 40
percent of the area median income," Wright said. "That's the hardest part of the
population to hit. The less money you have, the harder it is to find an
affordable place to live. "

Wright said his agency has inquiries daily about rentals and thousands of
families on its waiting list.

"We opened the list for one week in October and allowed people to sign up,"
Wright said. "We had 3,000 people sign up in just one week. "

He said 2011 Federal budget cuts to the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development and other programs are starting to filter down to his level on the
ground and he's not sure yet how they will impact the Colorado Springs Housing
Authority.

"The cuts will be significant despite the fact that there is a real need in our
community," Wright said. "One thing I can say we do anticipate - when you factor
in unemployment and very little being added to the multi-family inventory and a
tightening rental market - it's going to become an even more difficult situation
than we think. " Building capacity Greccio Housing Executive Director Lee Patke
wasn't quite as concerned about funding cuts as he is about his agency expanding
affordable housing options.

Greccio manages 351 affordable units and owns 214 of those, Patke said.

The agency looks for distressed and foreclosed properties along with grants and
no or low-interest financing to buy them with so it can keep its debt service
low and, in turn, offer low rents.

"Part of our commitment is to constantly grow our capacity," Patke said. "We
hope to have another 40 units by the end of the year. "

There are other new affordable rentals going up in town as well. Mark Hendricks
of Hendricks Communities is building two affordable housing developments for
seniors and one for families near Penrose St. Francis Hospital. The projects
will total more than 160 units.

Greccio doesn't keep waiting lists because administrators have found that most
people who come in looking for housing need it right away and when they get a
call a few months later, they've already found a place.

But people do request moves within the Greccio properties, Patke said.

He said there are probably some free market properties that could match their
rents, which average $420 for a one-bedroom, less than $500 for a two-bedroom
and about $700 for a three bedroom. Some units are reserved for people with
specific incomes and they're all priced 20 to 40 percent below regular market
value, Patke said.

The maximum monthly rent for someone making $10,000 a year is just $250. It's
$375 for someone making $15,000 and $499 for someone bringing in $20,000 a year,
according to the division of housing report. Rents on the rise Greccio is
considering its first rent increase in five or six years, Patke said.

"With increasing costs, we have to consider it," Patke said.

Still, rent increases would be nothing like the 40 percent and $200 hikes some
have reported around town, Patke said. Any increase would likely be in the
neighborhood of $5 per month for smaller properties and $10 per month for
three-bedroom units, which would still keep them within the realm of
affordability for many.

Rent increases are bound to become more common over coming months, said Kevin
McKenna with Apartment Realty Advisors.

"It's very possible there's going to be a double-digit rent increase soon,"
McKenna said. "A $100 swing in rent for someone not earning a lot will be
trouble. " Bad news, good news While it's bad news for the renters, the shift in
the current apartment market is welcome news for apartment owners.

Just as Greccio has experienced increased expenses over the years from higher
utility prices, gas prices and labor, so have other apartment complex owners,
said Doug Carter at Sperry Van Ness.

He looked up rental histories for properties built in the 1980s as a gage of
what is happening, especially for lower-end properties.

"Rents peaked out in 2002," he said. "And they platteaued after that. The result
is that the rents today are basically the same as they were 11 years ago. "

That has allowed a lot of class C properties to offer competitive rents, rents
that people earning a fraction of the area median income can still afford,
Carter said. And that explains why the rent burden in Colorado Springs is better
than it is in most parts of the state. Only Grand Junction, Greeley and Pueblo
offer more affordable rentals, according to the division of housing report.

Carter said there is a greater supply of those low-end properties in Colorado
Springs because builders in the city tend to overbuild and create too much
supply during building booms.

Ken Greene of Apartment Realty Advisors agreed that there is a healthy supply of
low-end rentals in Colorado Springs. And it's been hard for apartment owners and
managers to keep them afloat.

"The truth is, we've been through a rough time in the apartment industry,"
Greene said. "There are a lot of properties that aren't designated for
low-income households that have become affordable units. "

Now that the market is shifting, investors are starting to pick up the
struggling properties and turn them around.

Ray Rhodes and his family have been buying some of those class C properties in
foreclosure and renovating them. While he operates a for-profit business and
does make money, his aim is to increase the inventory of affordable rentals in
Colorado Springs, he said. Most of his rents are just over $500 a month
including utilities, he said.

The properties have all been gutted after years of neglect and abuse and
refitted with new windows, doors and nicer finishes, including tile floors and
laminate wood flooring.

"I just feel like everyone deserves a nice, safe, comfortable place to live,"
Rhodes said.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             899 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Daily Journal of Commerce (Portland, OR)

                               May 7, 2010 Friday

Commentary: Affordable housing as an investment

BYLINE: Nick Bjork

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 641  words


Yesterday I was afforded the opportunity to listen to a handful of presentations
at the 17th Annual Affordable Housing Conference hosted by Miller Nash LLP. One
that proved to be unexpectedly informative was a presentation on the ins and
outs of buying and selling affordable housing projects by Armand Tiberio, senior
director of the Tax Credit Group at Seattle-based law firm Marcus & Millichap.

Tiberio focused his presentation around the growing trend of affordable housing
projects becoming strong and consistent investments.

"If you ask people who have affordable multi-family and market-level
multi-family in their portfolios how each are doing, most would say that
affordable housing has been the counterbalance throughout the recession," he
said. "It's remarkable to see affordable housing transactions outpacing
market-level transactions. "

Tibiero noted that the affordable housing deals may not have the standard 8 to
10 percent rent increases that market-level deals have, but the overall
economics of affordable housing has an amazingly steady, albeit low, return.
Marcus & Millichap completed 75 transactions last year, most of which were
affordable multi-family deals. This was a 15 percent increase from 2009.

Of those deals, 75 percent of those transactions were financed by Fannie Mae and
10 percent by Freddie Mac. One reason is that both Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
have been more willing to finance affordable housing than market-level deals
because default rates for affordable multi-family housing has only increased by
about 0.1 percent throughout the recession. Whereas default rates for
market-level multi-family housing has increased by about 8 percent.

Tibiero noted the dynamics of who is buying and selling multi-family housing has
also changed over the past decade. In 2008, for example, 65 percent of all
multi-family purchases were made by the private sector. That number jumped to 84
percent in 2009. Conversely, about 23 percent of the purchases in 2008 were made
by the public or institutional sector, and only 8 percent in 2009. The
transactions for the public and institutional sector were about 25 percent
higher ten years ago, he said.

Tibiero pontificated that the reason affordable multi-family housing is becoming
such an economic driver in the investment world is that a few fundamental
changes in the U.S. are pushing people to multi-family housing. One is that
people of the aptly dubbed eco-boomer generation are getting to the renters age,
between 20 and 30. Other reasons include less of a national emphasis on home
ownership and a growing number of married couples deciding not to have kids. New
home ownership is down more than 6 percent over the past decade, he said.

If you add all these things up, investing in affordable multi-family should
prove consistent in the long term. Portland has a 7 percent multi-family vacancy
rate right now, the 15th highest in the country. Considering the urban growth
boundaries and the large population growth in the under 30 sector, affordable
multi-family housing should prove to be a good investment here in town over the
next several years.

Tibiero used a project of his in Park City as an example. About half the units
on the development were designated affordable housing (about $100 a month less)
and the rest were market-level. Both types of units were identical in look and
size. What he noticed was that the market-level units and the affordable units
were competing against each other because the population base around the
development predominantly qualified for affordable housing.

"That is the overall phenomenon here," he said. "In the areas where affordable
housing units are being developed, there is a strong contingent of the
population that qualifies, meaning affordable housing units are more attractive
to the customer base then market-level units. "

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             900 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                March 23, 2000, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

RESIDENTS OF COLLINSVILLE CONDOMINIUMS RESIST PLAN TO BUILD APARTMENT COMPLEX;
NEIGHBORS FEAR THEIR PROPERTY VALUES WILL BE DRIVEN DOWN;
PLANNERS APPROVE REZONING

BYLINE: Steve Horrell; Special To The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: ST. CLAIR-MONROE POST, Pg. 4

LENGTH: 449 words

DATELINE: COLLINSVILLE


Residents near a proposed apartment complex fear the units will attract
low-income renters who will drive down property values and drive up traffic
congestion, but the apartment developers say it isn't so.

The Collinsville Planning Commission approved a proposal last week to rezone 13
acres between Sandridge and Reese drives to allow an Indianapolis investment
firm to build the apartments. Pedcor Investments Inc., which develops and builds
multi-family housing in central Indiana, wants to build 68 one-bedroom, one-bath
units and 92 two-bedroom, two-bath units aimed at families earning from $ 20,000
and $ 30,000 annually.

Pedcor officials told the commission that the apartments are not
government-subsidized housing. Renters will be charged $ 450 for the one-bedroom
units and $ 530 for the two-bedroom units.

Edith Crisman, president of the Archview Condominiums owners association, said
her main concern is that the apartments will decrease the value of other
properties in the area. Between a third and a half of the residents in the
114-unit Archview complex, she said, are retired and living on fixed incomes.

"We depend on the resale value of our homes to help us through the difficult
times ahead when we need long-term care and retirement homes," Crisman said.
Crisman was one of about 75 people who showed up at the planning meeting to
voice concerns about the $ 12 million project.

Jeff Ross said the apartments will add to the area's traffic congestion and
echoed Crisman's concerns that the apartments will attract low-income renters.

"We realize that you can't discriminate against their income, but you have to
look at existing apartments in Collinsville that have turned out badly," he
said.

Ross is also concerned that the apartments will attract low-income single
parents, which will place an added burden on nearby schools that he said are
also overcrowded.

Pedcor Vice President Anthony Birkla did not return calls Monday. In a memo to
the council earlier this month, he outlined the proposal and said Pedcor will
improve Reese Drive to Sandridge Drive, which would connect Johnson Hill Road to
the Ramada Drive area.

"This would connect two dead-end streets, improving traffic flow and giving
families access to services and opportunities on either side of I-55," Birkla
said in the memo.

Pedcor also plans to build a 3,200-square-foot clubhouse, a pool and a
playground, as well as a retention lake for drainage.

Before construction can begin, the City Council must approve the proposal. Mayor
Stan Schaeffer, who was hospitalized and unable to attend last week's meeting,
said he did not yet know enough about the proposal to comment.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             901 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            March 13, 2014 Thursday

Mt. Lebanon plan worries Brookline

BYLINE: by MATTHEW SANTONI

LENGTH: 358 words


Mt. Lebanon commissioners have agreed to postpone rezoning a former school and
group home for development because dozens of residents from neighboring
Brookline want to weigh in on the project's potential effect on their
neighborhood.

Green Development Inc. and Oxford Development are seeking multi-family mixed
residential zoning for the eight-acre site of the former DePaul School for
Hearing and Speech. The developers would build 60 townhouses and 60 apartments
for senior citizens.

People packed the commission's chambers on Tuesday, worried that the development
would create traffic, crime and utility problems that could spill across
Dorchester Avenue and the Mt. Lebanon border into the Pittsburgh neighborhood.

The property, vacant since The Bradley Center moved out in 2007, sits on a hill
above McNeilly Road on the Mt. Lebanon side and Dorchester Avenue on the
Brookline side. Another corner abuts Dormont.

"If it doesn't turn out the way you think it's going to turn out, it's only
going to affect a handful of Mt. Lebanon residents," said Brookline resident Dan
Dugan. "It may be in your township, but it's our neighborhood."

Downtown-based Oxford Development proposed using federal tax credit programs to
build subsidized apartments for seniors. Project Manager Ben Kelley said the tax
credits mean age restrictions and background checks for residents for 15 to 30
years, but many neighbors think subsidized apartments would bring crime to the
area.

"The person applying for the apartment might be a senior citizen, but who are
they bringing with them?" said neighbor Maria Bellamy.

Others worry about traffic on Dorchester and Castlegate avenues, runoff from
site development, the possibility of mine subsidence, or that other uses could
come with rezoning.

Commissioners said rezoning starts the planning for a development, but they
decided to table the request. People living within 200 feet of the property and
those who spoke at the meeting will be notified of meetings about the project,
said Mt. Lebanon planner Keith McGill.

Matthew Santoni is a Trib Total Media staff writer. Reach him at 412-380-5625 or
msantoni@tribweb.com

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             902 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 5, 1979, Sunday, Final Edition


The Third Branch of Welfare;
Housing: The Third Branch of Welfare;
Housing subsidies are growing the fastest

BYLINE: By Peter Milius; Peter Milius is a national staff reporter for The
Washington Post.

SECTION: Outlook; B1

LENGTH: 1978 words


POLITICIANS who make a career out of beating up on the welfare program are
missing the point: Most federal welfare is no longer in welfare checks.

It is in medical aid.  It is in food stamps.  And, more and more these days, it
is in housing.  The federal government, in other words, plays doctor, grocer,
landlord to poor people - and these so-called "in-kind" services now dwarf cash
payments to the needy.

Housing subsidies have, in fact, become America's fastest-growing welfare
program.  Five years ago they were consuming $2 billion annually.  Now they cost
$5 billion.  A few years hence, based on commitments already made by Washington,
the figure will reach $10 billion.

By 1984, according to the White House's Office of Management and Budget, housing
welfare will cost nearly as much as food stamps - and more than Washington's Aid
for Families with Dependent Children, the largest cash payment program.

One out of every 25 U.S. households is aided now by these little-known housing
programs, 1 out of 10 black households, 1 out of 8 renters.  Subsidized housing
units have been rising at a rate of about 10 percent a year, and there are now
more than 3 million of them.

How did this happen?  What are the long-term implications?

Like other major government initiatives, the surge in housing welfare spans
several administrations, both political parties, good times and bad.  While the
public was generally unaware of this shift, the housing experts in Congress and
the executive branch have been arguing over the implications for more than two
years, trying to get a handle on the soaring costs and the complexities of
regulating homes for the poor.

Two-track debate

In part, this has been a traditional debate over dollars.  The Medicaid and food
stamp programs snuck up on government policymakers; their costs were high before
many people were fully aware they even existed.  Medicaid in just 14 years has
become the largest of all federal welfare programs.  Food stamps are
second-largest.  Between them, they have transformed the national welfare
system; less than half of all federal welfare is now paid in cash.  Faced now
with a third large in-kind program still in fledgling form, OMB has been
understandably wary.

But in-kind programs are also more complex than traditional welfare programs;
they involve more than just redistributing income.  Thus in part the debate has
also been over housing policy, and sometimes almost housing regulation.

There are two main kinds of federally subsidized housing today.  The largest is
still old-fashioned public housing, in which the government pays construction
costs and owns the real estate; the tenants are required to pay only the
operating costs (and not always all of those).

The newer and more active program is called Section 8.  In this, the housing,
old or new, stays privately owned.  The government and the participating owner
or developer agree on a rent for each unit each year; the tenant pays a fixed
portion of his income toward that rent, and the government pays the rest.

On two occasions the House has quietly moved to cut the cost of this Section 8
program this year by making more use of cheaper housing and making some tenants
pay a larger share of the cost.

In this year's housing authorization bill, the House voted to make some Section
8 tenants pay up to 30 percent of their incomes in rent, instead of the usual 25
percent.  In the HUD appropriations bill, the House voted to change the housing
mix provided under Section 8, to make less use of new housing and more of less
expensive older units.

It is not clear if the Senate will go along with these changes.  HUD is
resisting them.  The department says that it would be a mistake to reduce the
Section 8 construction rate - that there is a serious shortage of the
multi-family rental units that the poor need and that Section 8 provides.  It
also says it would be wrong to cut the budget by raising the rents of the poor.

HUD has proposed instead a series of regulatory retrenchments in hopes of
satisfying the economizers.  It has, for example, redefined "rent
reasonableness" - the maximum rents it will pay for units of various sizes in
various parts of the country.  That is a measure of where these in-kind programs
have taken the government: What began as a debate over budget deficits and
welfare costs ends up in a discussion of rates of return on real estate.

HUD also makes this point in defense of the subsidized housing program: The $5
billion in housing aid it gives to the poor is only about a fourth of total
federal housing aid.  The other three-fourths is given out by the Treasury,
through various forms of tax forgiveness, and goes mainly to the better-off.

The two main forms of tax forgiveness - homeowner tax deductions for mortgage
interest and property taxes - will together cost almost $16 billion this year.
And about 75 percent of that will go to households with incomes above $20,000 a
year.

The effect of inflation

The basic decision to expand low-income housing programs was made in 1968, the
last year of the Johnson administration.  The housing act in that year of urban
riots set a national construction goal of 6 million new or rehabiliated
low-income units in 10 years - 600,000 a year.

That goal has never been met; in the Nixon administration it was all but
renounced.  Nixon imposed a moratorium on further federal housing commitments in
1973, then in 1974 pressed Congress into passing a bill aimed at reducing
federal involvement in construction.  Instead, the Nixon administration hoped to
give poor people what amounted to housing allowances, then have them fend mainly
for themselves through the private market.

But the housing programs were growing even in these Nixon-Ford years.
Long-term, slow-to-mature commitments continued to be made; these have now
accumulated and begun to show up as costs.  And HUD now has again embraced the
Johnsonian themes of construction and expansion.

But the Carter administration faces a problem the Johnson administration did
not: inflation.  Housing costs have risen faster than household income in recent
years.  Families at all income levels are paying a higher percentage of income
for housing, and that is particularly true for the poor.  In 1950, about a third
of all U.S. renters paid more than 25 percent of their incomes in rent.  By
1976, that was true for nearly half of all renters and for 60 percent of renting
households with incomes under $10,000 a year.

Prices and incomes are such that private developers can no longer readily build
housing the poor can afford.  Inflation has simultaneously been increasing the
need for subsidized housing and its cost - and adding pressure to hold down
federal spending.  The problem is how to apportion the burden.

The president's goal in all this has been, for obvious political reasons, to
keep up the number of new units proposed in the budget each year but keep down
the projected costs.

OMB has thus sought ways to cut per-unit costs.

Fudging figures

One methods has been the time-honored one of fudging the figures by making
optimistic assumptions.  A recent report by the Congressional Budget Office
warned Congress against this.  It noted that the money Carter has asked for in
each of the last several years has ended up buying fewer additional units than
he said it would at budget time.

Carter says he has asked for enough money next year to add 300,000 units, for
example.  That is already less than he sought to add this year and less than
housing advocates want (they persist in calling the increase he is seeking a
cut, since it is a smaller increase than the year before).  And now CBO says the
budget may provide enough funds for only 266,000 additional units.

Moreover, "There is reason to believe that the amount of budget authority being
reserved to fund new Section 8 subsidy commitments may not be adequate to cover
actual long-term costs and that additional funds may be needed in the future to
meet these obligations," according to the CBO report.

OMB has also argued internally for a shift in the mix of Section 8 housing, less
construction and more use of existing units.  The problem here is that HUD has
no authority to shift this mixture on its own.  Congress has decreed that the
national mix reflect aggregate local needs for new and existing housing, as
expressed in "housing assistance plans" that all participating local governments
must file.

Some OMB experts say that local builders have undue influence in the preparation
of these housing plans, that this is how the housing industry keeps the program
tilted toward new construction.  HUD experts say that the plans are fairly
genuine reflections of recent history and current need.  They note that
construction declined during the 1973-75 recession and that the country is still
making up that "loss," that household formation rates remain high and that
vacancy rates are low.

For whatever reason, local governments have been calling for a higher and higher
percentage of new construction in the last few years; under the local housing
assistance plans, about 65 per cent of additional Section 8 units would be new
next fiscal year.  The House Appropriations Committee has voted to cut this to
60 per cent; the Senate's budget resolution assumed 50 per cent.

HUD has tried to defuse this issue by sending fresh instructions to local
governments, reminding them that they always may - and if the local vacancy rate
is high they "shall" - seek to make use of existing housing.
Skipping the poorest

HUD says it expects the Section 8 program to serve a slightly higher income
class on average in the future.  Indeed, in its response to CBO's report on
program costs, HUD said it will soon publish a regulation urging owners of newly
build Section 8 units to choose their tenants so that average tenant income is
around 40 percent of the national median.  The current figure is 28 percent.

If average tenant income is higher, tenants will pay a larger share of total
costs without any change in the percentage of income they must contribute.  By
the same token, government costs - which make up the difference between what
each unit costs and each tenant can afford - will decline.

The problem with this is that the program will then, for cost reasons, be
skipping over some of the poorest households in the country.

The average income of four-member households in newly build Section 8 units (not
counting units reserved for the elderly) is a little over $6,000 now.  And these
tend to be the best-off families in subsidized housing; in older Section 8 units
and public housing, the income averages are lower.

What will eventually become of the housing programs and all these proposals for
change is not clear.  All that is clear now are the pressures.

Sen. William Proxmire (D.-Wis.), chairman of the Senate Banking, Housing and
Urban Affairs Committee and of the Appropriations subcommittee on housing,
summed up these pressures in remarks on this year's pending housing
authorization bill:

"The projected outlays for assisted housing under S. 1149 [the Senate bill]
imply a 16.2 percent annual rate of increase through fiscal year 1984.  At the
same time, if we are to achieve our goals for bringing the federal budget into
balance and reducing federal spending, total federal outlays cannot increase by
more than 7 percent.  Therefore, unless the housing assistance program is
restructured or cut back, housing assistance payments will account for an
increasingly greater fraction of the federal budget."

Then this liberal Democratic senator concluded: "It is simply not possible for
the program to increase at past rates while the federal budget as a whole is
constrained."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph, Major Federal Welfare Expenditures, By Robin Jareaux - The
Washington Post

                       Copyright 1979 The Washington Post


                             903 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Orange Leader (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 22, 2012 Sunday

Debate wages on about new BC multi-family development

BYLINE: Tommy Mann Jr., The Orange Leader, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 710 words


April 22--BRIDGE CITY --

A standing room only crowd gathered inside City Hall to hear information on a
possible new multi-family development in Bridge City.

A public workshop was held inside City Hall in Bridge City earlier this week as
councilmembers and Bridge City residents crowded into council chambers to hear
information directly from the source related to the possible construction of a
new 80-unit, multi-family development on Texas Avenue.

Tom Neyhart of Endgame Development, LLC, announced earlier this year he and
company wanted to build the multi-family unit in Bridge City to provide
affordable housing for low income families and individuals.

Neyhart said the 80-unit complex would include 72 units priced at "affordable
rates" and eight units priced at "market rates." The complex would include
multiple one-bedroom, two-bedroom and three-bedroom units complete with stoves,
washers and dryers, microwaves, refrigerator and more.

The complex would also include a clubhouse, a fitness area, Wi-Fi, a swimming
pool, a splash pool for children and other amenities.

"This is a very high-end project," Neyhart said. "We feel this project will
definitely have people wanting to move into it."

Neyhart stressed this complex is not "Section 8" housing.

"We use tax credits to build this project," he continued. "Every person will pay
their own rent and own utilities. The rate depends on income."

If the project does come to fruition, for a person to reside in Acadiana Village
they must meet certain guidelines first.

There is a minimum and maximum income requirement. Potential tenants would also
have to submit to a criminal background check, a credit check with a minimum
FICA score or credit rating required, an employment history check and previous
tenancy.

Neyhart said he feels the project, estimated at $7.5 million, is needed in
Bridge City. According to information Neyhart had obtained, apartment complexes
in Bridge City are at 98 percent occupancy.

Local contractors would be used to build Acadiana Village and supplies from
local businesses would be used in the construction, according to Neyhart.

Also, Endgame Development, LLC. plans to own the facility after its
construction.

"We're not going to sell this project," he explained. "We plan on being here 15
years from now. This project is about giving people affordable housing and
someplace nice to live.

An unidentified woman, who lives near the property, expressed concern over
potential drainage issues surrounding the property as the facility would have to
be "built-up" to meet flood plain requirements for new construction, but she
otherwise supported the project.

Another unidentified woman, who works as a manager at another Bridge City
apartment complex, issued concerns over Neyhart's statement of not allowing
people with a criminal history to reside in Acadiana Village.

She also stated once the complex faced a higher vacancy situation than expected,
the ownership would most likely ease its stance on those requirements. Neyhart
disagreed.

"We're going to be renting to working people, and we're wanting Bridge City
residents," he said plainly.

Mayor Kirk Roccaforte said although a public workshop was held on the project,
council has no direct input on allowing the construction to begin.

"It's not up to council," Roccaforte said. "They (Endgame Development, LLC.)
found a spot zoned for this kind of complex, so, if they can come up with the
money, then they can build it.

"Honestly, I really think this is a good thing," he continued. "We had a good
turnout from the community about it. Some people are for the project, but some
are not in favor of it. People wanted to argue it's bad for the city and it's
going to bring bad people to Bridge City, but I don't agree with that."

Roccaforte believes this project is something which will be a benefit for the
city and its residents, both current and future.

"We need a place here for young couples and young families with kids who are
school age," he explained. "Those are the people who will probably stay in
Bridge City for a long time and, hopefully, one day, they will buy a house here
too."

___ (c)2012 The Orange Leader (Orange, Texas) Visit The Orange Leader (Orange,
Texas) at www.orangeleader.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120422-XY-Debate-wages-on-about-new-BC-multi-family
-development-0422-20120422

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XY


                        Copyright 2012 The Orange Leader


                             904 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Alameda Journal

                    November 25, 2003 Tuesday FINAL EDITION

ESPERANZA RESIDENTS REQUIRED TO VOLUNTEER

BYLINE: SUSAN FULLER, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 291 words


A small number of residents of the Alameda Housing Authority's Esperanza complex
will be required to do volunteer work for eight hours a month as a condition of
their lease.

The requirement is mandated by a 1998 law that was suspended for several years
but was recently reinstated by Congress.

Most of the affected people are stay-at-home mothers, said Housing Authority
services coordinator Kay Wetherwax.

There may also be some adult children living with parents or grandparents among
the 65 people the Housing Authority estimates will be required to volunteer, she
said. There are 120 families living in the complex, with at least 400 total
residents, she said.

"It can open doors," Wetherwax said. Volunteer work can lead to a career plan or
even a job, she said.

Wetherwax is working with the residents to find a position that fits with their
schedules. Anyone currently doing community service can document and count those
hours.

Exemptions from volunteer work may be granted to people who are 62 and older,
unable to work because they are blind or disabled, caring for a blind or
disabled family member, working, attending school or participating in
welfare-to-work activities.

Only Esperanza residents have to do community service because it is the city's
only complex funded under the public housing program. Other Alameda public
housing is funded under multi-family units or housing choice (section 8)
vouchers.

Residents who have not completed the required hours after a year will have to
sign an agreement to make up the work or leave the household. If not, the family
could be evicted.

For information, call the Housing Authority at 747-4300.

Reach reporter Susan Fuller at 748-1659 or sfuller@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2003 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             905 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Cheers Greet Passage of Volume Cap

                           December 19, 2000, Tuesday

By Ola Kinnander

DATELINE: WASHINGTON



Municipal market participants yesterday were still celebrating the speed-up in
the increase in the private-activity bond volume cap approved by Congress Friday
evening, but they cautioned that the higher limits are likely to be used up
immediately in many states where demand for bond allocation has been
outstripping supply.

Most of the increased cap, which will provide at least $3.8 billion more in bond
authority next year and as much as $7.7 billion more in 2002, is expected to be
used to allocate more bond authority to multi-family housing, they said.

Their comments came after Congress approved its session-ending omnibus tax and
spending bill, which will raise each state's private-activity bond cap in two
stages to the greater of $75 per capita or $225 million from the current $50 per
capita or $150 million by 2002. The phase-in starts in less than two weeks, on
Jan. 1, when the limit will be increased to $62.50 per capita or $187.5 million
and then will rise to the full $75 per person or $225 million per state on Jan.
1, 2002. Starting in 2003, the cap will be adjusted for inflation.

President Clinton is expected to sign the bill, which also would raise the
low-income housing tax credit from its current $1.25 per capita to $1.50 on Jan.
1 and to $1.75 on Jan. 1, 2002, after which it will be indexed for inflation.

The legislative package also would provide hospitals with about $32 billion in
Medicare "givebacks, " which may help the struggling health care sector improve
its credit ratings. The bill also includes the Commodities Futures Modernization
Act, which will reauthorize the Commodity Exchange Act, repeal the ban on
single-stock futures, and enhance legal certainty for the swaps market.

Municipal market participants were especially enthralled yesterday about the
looming increase of the bond volume cap because it represents the culmination of
an intense three-year drive to speed up the increase that was approved in 1997,
but was not due to start being phased in until 2003 and was not to reach its
full new limit in 2007. States will now be able to allocate more bond authority
to projects with private business involvement, such as for multifamily housing,
mortgage loans for first-time home buyers, industrial development, student
loans, and capital projects such as docks, sewer, and solid waste.

The housing sector is expected to be perhaps biggest beneficiary of the higher
caps in many states, partly because the booming economy has driven up costs for
rental apartments the last few years and intensified the demand for multi-family
housing bonds. Each year since 1994, states have set aside more of their
private-activity debt resources to this sector, annual surveys by The Bond Buyer
show.

"In most states, the result of the cap increase will be a very significant
increase in lower-income first-time home buyer mortgages," said John McEvoy,
executive director of the National Council of State Housing Agencies. "The other
thing it's going to do is to make it possible to finance multi-family units,
especially those that are done with the low-income tax credit."

In 1999, demand for bond allocation outweighed supply in most states. For
instance, in Nevada, the nation's fastest-growing state, demand for housing bond
authority outstripped available resources by three-to-one. Lon DeWeese, chief
financial officer for Nevada's Department of Business and Industry's housing
division, yesterday said the Congress' action is long overdue.

"The implications for Nevada are wonderful," DeWeese said. "Because we are such
a fast-growing state, this will enable us to make up some of the lost
inflation-related costs that we have incurred since 1986 when the
private-activity bond cap was first created.  It means that we can look at a
higher volume of necessary affordable housing and industrial development bonds
that we have heretofore been unable to take on."

However, McEvoy noted that some of the new bonding authority nationwide will be
used to offset the effects of the so-called 10-year rule, a somewhat obscure tax
rule enacted in 1989 that is starting to erode housing agencies' capacity to
issue mortgage revenue refunding bonds because it requires the agencies to use
all prepayments coming in more than 10 years after the bond issuance date toward
calling the bonds rather than being used to make new loans.

"There isn't going to be much money left on the table," he said.

John Murphy, the executive director of the National Association of Local Housing
Finance Agencies, said he expects that many of his members will lobby their
state government to get allocated a substantial amount of housing bonds. "You
can make sure they will make their presence felt and remind the allocating state
agency that it was NALHFA that helped make this happen" and therefore a
significant part of the allocations should therefore be earmarked for housing.

Copyright c 2000 Thomson Financial. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 837 words

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2000 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             906 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright 2017 Thomson Financial, All Rights Reserved
                            Reuters Knowledge Direct

                                 March 27, 2017

                             Slade's Ferry Bancorp

                           100 Slade's Ferry Avenue,
                                   PO Box 390
                               SOMERSET,  MA 2726
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: Main Phone: 1-508-6752121
FAX: 1-508-6751751
URL: Home Page: https://www.sladesbank.com/
E-MAIL: isola@sladesferry.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: SFBC
CUSIP: 830896106
IRS No.: 043061936
CIK: 0000857499
ISIN: US8308961064
SEDOL: 2444770
Reuters Instrument Code: SFBC.OQ^C08
Display RIC: SFBC.OQ

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: June 13, 1989
PLACE OF INCORPORATION: Massachusetts
LEGAL STATUS: Equity Issue
OPERATING STATUS: Inactive
EMPLOYEES: 111

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Slade's Ferry Bancorp is a bank holding company that operates principally
through its wholly owned subsidiary, Slade's Ferry Trust Company (the Bank). The
Bank is a state-chartered bank. The Bank is engaged principally in the business
of attracting deposits, including demand, savings and time deposits, from the
general public, and investing those deposits in commercial and residential real
estate, commercial, consumer and small business loans. It also offers payroll
services, money orders, travelers checks, Visa, MasterCard, automated teller
machine (ATM) card and safe deposit rentals. The Bank offers certain
non-traditional banking services, including investments, life insurance,
annuities and cash management services, as well as provides a range of
Internet-based services for both consumer and commercial customers.

   As of December 31, 2006, the Bank had nine full-service banking facilities,
plus a drive up complex, which extend east from Seekonk, Massachusetts, to
Fairhaven, Massachusetts. These facilities service numerous communities in
Southeastern Massachusetts and contiguous areas of Rhode Island. The Bank also
provides limited banking services at the Somerset High School in Somerset,
Massachusetts. It also owns and operates eight full-service ATMs and one ATM
dispenser.

   Lending Activities

   The Bank' s loan portfolio consists primarily of residential, multi-family
and commercial real estate, construction and land development, and commercial
loans, home equity lines of credit and consumer loans originated primarily in
its market area. It originates multi-family and commercial real estate loans
that are generally secured by five or more unit apartment buildings and
properties used for business purposes, such as small office buildings,
restaurants or retail facilities. Its multi-family and commercial real estate
loans are generally made with terms of up to 20 years and are offered with
interest rates that adjust periodically. As of December 31, 2006, net loans
totaled $422,370,000. Multi-family and commercial real estate loans totaled
$209.2 million, and comprised 49.0% of the Bank' s total gross loan portfolio at
December 31, 2006.

   The Bank offers fixed-rate, one- to four-family mortgage loans with terms
from 10 to 30 years, and a number of adjustable-rate mortgage (ARM) loans with
terms of up to 30 years and interest rates that adjust every one or three years
from the outset of the loan. In order to provide financing for moderate income
and first-time homebuyers, the Bank offers Federal Housing Authority (FHA) and
Veterans Administration (VA) loans, and it has its own First-Time Home Buyer
loan program. These programs offer residential mortgage loans to qualified
individuals. These loans are offered with adjustable and fixed rates of interest
with terms of up to 30 years. Such loans may be secured by a one- to four-family
residential property, in the case of FHA and VA loans, and must be secured by a
single-family, owner-occupied unit in the case of First-Time Home Buyer loans.
Residential real estate loans totaled $132.4 million and comprised 31% of the
Bank' s total gross loan portfolio at December 31, 2006.

   Slade's Ferry Trust Company' s commercial business loan portfolio consists of
loans and lines of credit predominantly collateralized by inventory, furniture
and fixtures, and accounts receivable. Commercial loans totaled $47.7 million
and comprised 11.2% of its total gross loan portfolio at December 31, 2006. The
Bank originates fixed-rate construction loans for the development of one- to
four-family residential properties. Construction loans are generally offered
with terms of up to 24 months and may be made in amounts of up to 70% of the
appraised value of the property, as improved. Construction and land development
loans totaled $21 million and comprised 4.9% of the Bank' s total gross loan
portfolio at December 31, 2006. Substantially all of the Bank' s home equity
lines of credit are secured by second mortgages on owner-occupied, one- to
four-family residences located in its primary market area. Home equity lines of
credit totaled $13.9 million and comprised 3.3% of the Bank' s total gross loan
portfolio at December 31, 2006. The Bank also originates consumer loans.
Consumer loans totaled $2.8 million and comprised 0.6% of the Bank' s total
gross loan portfolio at December 31, 2006.

   Investing Activities

   The Bank' s investment securities portfolio includes held-to-maturity and
available-for-sale securities. As of December 31, 2006, held-to-maturity
securities totaled $24.6 million, and available-for-sale securities totaled
$105.6 million. The Bank primarily utilizes obligations of the United States
Government-sponsored enterprises and mortgage-backed securities as investment
vehicles. Its portfolio also includes marketable equity securities and mutual
funds.

   Sources of Funds

   Slade's Ferry Trust Company' s principal sources of funds are customer
deposits, amortization and payoff of existing loan principal, and sales,
maturities or pay downs of various investment securities. Deposits are obtained
from individuals and from small and medium-sized businesses in the local market
area. It offers a line of deposit products, including checking and negotiable
order of withdrawal (NOW) accounts, savings accounts, money market accounts and
certificates of deposit. It offers debit cards for its checking and savings
accounts. As of December 31, 2006, the Bank' s deposits totaled $424,006,000.

   The Bank' s customers have access to deposit funds at any of its 10 office
locations, all of which are equipped with ATMs. In addition, the Bank is a
member of the NYCE Network, enabling customers to have access to their funds
worldwide. It also provides balance inquiry and funds transfer telephonically.
Its Website, www.sladesferry.com, provides customers with the ability to manage
their accounts and pay bills online. Business customers who utilize the Bank' s
cash management program have the ability to transfer funds and originate wire
transfers or automatic clearing house transactions through the Website as well.
The Bank offers a variety of stock, bonds and other registered securities,
mutual funds, annuities and insurance products that are offered through
third-party sales arrangements with Linsco Private Ledger, Inc. and the Savings
Bank Life Insurance Company of Massachusetts.

   Slade's Ferry Trust Company' s borrowings include advances from the Federal
Home Loan Bank (FHLB) of Boston. These borrowings are collateralized by the
Bank' s residential loan portfolio, certain commercial real estate loans, and
certain obligations and mortgage-backed securities of government-sponsored
enterprises. In addition, it maintains borrowing lines of credit with
correspondent banks to meet short-term liquidity needs.

   Subsidiary Activities

   Slade's Ferry Statutory Trust I, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company,
was formed for the purpose of issuing floating-rate trust preferred securities
in a private placement as part of a pooled trust preferred securities
transaction. The Bank maintains three wholly owned subsidiaries. Slade's Ferry
Securities Corporation and Slade's Ferry Securities Corporation II are
securities corporations. Slade's Ferry Realty Trust (SFRT) owns and manages the
Bank' s land and buildings.

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY NAICS:
52211 - Commercial Banking
SECONDARY NAICS:
551111 - Offices of  Bank Holding Companies
PRIMARY SIC:
6022 - State Commercial Banks
SECONDARY SIC:
6029 - Commercial Banks, Nec
6712 - Bank Holding Companies
COMPETITORS:

     ·    Bank of America Corp
     ·    Service Bancorp, Inc.
     ·    Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc Plan Trust
     ·    State Street Corp
     ·    Santander Holdings USA Inc
     ·    NewAlliance Bancshares, Inc.
     ·    Brookline Bancorp, Inc.
     ·    Independent Bank Corp
     ·    Century Bancorp, Inc.
     ·    Franklin Street Branch


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2007

MOST RECENT EXCHANGE RATE:  1.0
CHART OF ACCOUNTS:  Bank
ACCOUNTING STANDARD:  U.S. GAAP
LATEST AVAILABLE ANNUAL:  20170327

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2007      12/31/2006      12/31/2005
Cash & Due from Banks                   13,326          19,448          17,232
Interest-earning Deposits                  650           1,107             686
FHLB Stock                               7,701           6,856           6,304
Securities Held                         19,770          24,623          29,306
Securities for Sale                     83,187         105,603          94,298
Total Investment Securities            102,957         130,226         123,604
Other Earning Assets, Total            111,308         140,089         132,794
Net Loans                              457,813         422,370         409,610
Property/Plant/Equipment,                7,631           5,587           5,917
Total - Net
Goodwill, Net                            2,173           2,173           2,173
Interest Receivable                      2,212           2,311           2,298
Other Assets                            15,706          13,743          13,801
Other Assets, Total                     17,918          16,054          16,099
Total Assets                           610,169         607,760         585,914



LIABILITIES ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2007      12/31/2006      12/31/2005
Accounts Payable                         3,841           3,141           3,038
Non-Interest Bearing Deposits          390,913         424,006         415,846
Total Deposits                         390,913         424,006         415,846
Long Term Debt                         136,987         129,368         111,175
Total Long Term Debt                   136,987         129,368         111,175
Total Debt                             163,487         129,368         118,175
Total Liabilities                      558,241         556,515         537,059



EQUITY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2007      12/31/2006      12/31/2005
Common Stock                                40              41              41
Common Stock, Total                         40              41              41
Additional Paid-In Capital              30,034          31,444          31,014
Retained Earnings (Accumulated          22,455          21,111          18,998
Deficit)
Unrealized Gain (Loss)                     255           (464)         (1,198)
Total Equity                            51,928          51,245          48,855
Total Liabilities &                    610,169         607,760         585,914
Shareholders' Equity
Shares Outs - Common Stock               4,009           4,102           4,132
Primary Issue
Total Common Shares                      4,009           4,102           4,132
Outstanding



FOOTNOTE
                                    12/31/2007      12/31/2006      12/31/2005
Goodwill - Net                           2,173           2,173           2,173



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2007      12/31/2006      12/31/2005
Tangible Book Value('000 USD)           49,755          49,072          46,682
Tangible Book Value per Share               12              12              11
(USD)

* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2007      12/31/2006      12/31/2005
Interest & Fees on Loans                28,900          27,263          23,184
Interest & Dividends on                  6,196           5,904           5,463
Investment Secs.
Other Interest Income                      501              38              25
Interest Income, Bank                   35,597          33,401          28,919
Interest on Deposit                     10,612           9,524           6,084
Interest on Other Borrowings             7,438           5,814           4,911
Total Interest Expense                  18,050          15,338          10,995
Net Interest Income                     17,547          18,063          17,924
Loan Loss Provision                        361              39             167
Net Interest Inc. After Loan            17,186          18,024          17,757
Loss Prov.
Fees for Other Customer                  1,403           1,394             914
Services
Investment Securities Gains                516           (116)              29
Other Revenue                            1,464           1,469           1,377
Non-Interest Income, Bank                3,383           2,747           2,320
Labor & Related Expenses               (8,444)         (8,087)         (8,063)
Other Expense                          (7,500)         (6,816)         (5,833)
Non-Interest Expense, Bank            (15,944)        (14,903)        (13,896)
Net Income Before Taxes                  4,625           5,868           6,181
Provision for Income Taxes               1,796           2,249           2,161
Net Income After Taxes                   2,829           3,619           4,020
Net Income Before Extra. Items           2,829           3,619           4,020
Income Available to Com Excl             2,829           3,619           4,020
ExtraOrd
Basic Weighted Average Shares            4,041           4,160           4,111
Basic EPS Excluding                          1               1               1
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Weighted Average                 4,041           4,160           4,138
Shares
Diluted EPS Excluding ExtraOrd               1               1               1
Items
DPS - Common Stock Primary                   0               0               0
Issue



EXTRAORDINARY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2007      12/31/2006      12/31/2005
Net Income                               2,829           3,619           4,020
Income Available to Com Incl             2,829           3,619           4,020
ExtraOrd



NORMALIZED ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2007      12/31/2006      12/31/2005
Normalized Income Before Taxes           4,625           5,868           6,181
Inc Tax Ex Impact of Sp Items            1,796           2,249           2,161
Normalized Income After Taxes            2,829           3,619           4,020
Normalized Inc. Avail to Com.            2,829           3,619           4,020
Basic Normalized EPS                         1               1               1
Diluted Normalized EPS                       1               1               1



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2007      12/31/2006      12/31/2005
Pretax Margin                               13              18              21
Effective Tax Rate                          39              38              35
Net Profit Margin                            8              11              14



SUPPLEMENTAL ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2007      12/31/2006      12/31/2005
Basic EPS Including                          1               1               1
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Net Income                           3               4               4
Diluted EPS Including ExtraOrd               1               1               1
Items

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SPECIFIC:


Balance Sheet
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           610,169
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          610,169
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            608,965
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          51,928
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         51,928
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         51,245
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           49,755
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           49,755
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          13,326
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          13,326
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            558,241
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          558,241
USD)
Loans, Net - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         457,813
Loans, Net - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             457,813
Loans, Net - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               440,092
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         136,987
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        136,987
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             51,928
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           51,928
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         163,487
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             163,487
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        14
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     52
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 263.80
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     263.80
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                         252.45
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             43.60
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    51.02
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 41.61
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                       108.69
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          39.55
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               48.98
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   -8.69
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     47.69
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         26.79
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             26.79
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        314.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            314.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         252.45
year ago
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  4.19
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .40
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .40
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   4.38
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -67.29
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -60.12
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -19.54
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -20.96
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  -1.92
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   -1.37
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           13.87
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -7.47
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -7.87
Loans, Net % Change - 1 year ago                                           8.39
Loans, Net % Change - year over year                                       8.39
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -68.17
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -60.10
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -21.83
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -21.83
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             -.84
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     -5.28
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                          2.75
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                            .78
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             6.57
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           6.57
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               4.40
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               10.07
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                4.13
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          4.28
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            2,829
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            332
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           2,829
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            2,829
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           4,625
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           826
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           4,625
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            4,625
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                12,063
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     2,760
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      12,063
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            12,576
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      9,939
Net Income available to common - most recent                              2,829
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                332
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              2,829
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             35,597
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  9,064
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             33,401
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   35,597
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 37.59
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        38.83
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     38.33
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            59.81
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              38.83
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           1,796
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 494
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 1,796
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          2,829
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          2,829
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   698
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              2,829
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .62
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .46
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .22
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .61
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .46
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  7.11
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              5.48
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             2.58
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               7.23
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               5.48
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              12,952
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              12,952
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            12,410
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            12,410
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         1,085
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               259
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,244
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            1,095
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              774
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,324
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,324
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            2,456
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               82
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             888
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   700
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              82
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   884
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             698
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              82
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   884
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             698
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              700
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               545
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                             45
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           633
year ago ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,179
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5,271
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,314
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              5,172
Historical Relative P/E                                                   81.94
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           19.49
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                             32.41
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           24.98
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 19.58
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                   31.14
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          37.86
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           17.23
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   33.62
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    19.89
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                            31.07
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                   31.14
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                   31.07
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.68
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.68
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.38
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          15.87
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                          27.83
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   4.17
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       4.11
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.44
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         4.17
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.75
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.75
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.75
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.75
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.83
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.83
quarter
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          47.49
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        17.22
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          13.52
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          17.39
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  6.27
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             17.39
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   13.52
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             22.10
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             28.20
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         27.58
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    15.61
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      22.10
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                22.10
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                28.20
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            27.58
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       15.61
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         22.10
Float                                                                      3.40
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         87,203
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              4.12
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             4.05
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           4.04
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          4.03
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           4.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               4.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             4.10
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               4.01
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          4.11
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             4.04
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            4.04
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            4.03
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            84.80



Cash Flow
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           610,169
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          610,169
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            608,965
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          51,928
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         51,928
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         51,245
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           49,755
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           49,755
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          13,326
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          13,326
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            558,241
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          558,241
USD)
Loans, Net - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         457,813
Loans, Net - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             457,813
Loans, Net - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               440,092
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         136,987
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        136,987
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             51,928
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           51,928
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         163,487
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             163,487
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        14
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     52
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 263.80
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     263.80
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                         252.45
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             43.60
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    51.02
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 41.61
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                       108.69
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          39.55
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               48.98
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   -8.69
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     47.69
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         26.79
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             26.79
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        314.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            314.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         252.45
year ago
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  4.19
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .40
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .40
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   4.38
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -67.29
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -60.12
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -19.54
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -20.96
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  -1.92
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   -1.37
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           13.87
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -7.47
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -7.87
Loans, Net % Change - 1 year ago                                           8.39
Loans, Net % Change - year over year                                       8.39
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -68.17
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -60.10
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -21.83
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -21.83
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             -.84
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     -5.28
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                          2.75
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                            .78
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             6.57
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           6.57
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               4.40
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               10.07
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                4.13
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          4.28
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            2,829
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            332
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           2,829
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            2,829
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           4,625
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           826
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           4,625
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            4,625
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                12,063
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     2,760
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      12,063
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            12,576
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      9,939
Net Income available to common - most recent                              2,829
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                332
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              2,829
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             35,597
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  9,064
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             33,401
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   35,597
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 37.59
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        38.83
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     38.33
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            59.81
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              38.83
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           1,796
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 494
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 1,796
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          2,829
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          2,829
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   698
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              2,829
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .62
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .46
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .22
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .61
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .46
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  7.11
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              5.48
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             2.58
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               7.23
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               5.48
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              12,952
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              12,952
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            12,410
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            12,410
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         1,085
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               259
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,244
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            1,095
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              774
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,324
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,324
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            2,456
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               82
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             888
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   700
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              82
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   884
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             698
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              82
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   884
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             698
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              700
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               545
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                             45
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           633
year ago ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,179
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5,271
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,314
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              5,172
Historical Relative P/E                                                   81.94
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           19.49
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                             32.41
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           24.98
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 19.58
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                   31.14
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          37.86
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           17.23
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   33.62
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    19.89
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                            31.07
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                   31.14
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                   31.07
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.68
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.68
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.38
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          15.87
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                          27.83
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   4.17
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       4.11
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.44
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         4.17
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.75
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.75
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.75
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.75
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.83
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.83
quarter
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          47.49
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        17.22
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          13.52
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          17.39
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  6.27
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             17.39
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   13.52
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             22.10
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             28.20
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         27.58
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    15.61
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      22.10
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                22.10
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                28.20
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            27.58
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       15.61
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         22.10
Float                                                                      3.40
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         87,203
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              4.12
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             4.05
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           4.04
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          4.03
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           4.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               4.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             4.10
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               4.01
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          4.11
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             4.04
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            4.04
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            4.03
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            84.80



Descriptive
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           610,169
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          610,169
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            608,965
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          51,928
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         51,928
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         51,245
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           49,755
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           49,755
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          13,326
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          13,326
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            558,241
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          558,241
USD)
Loans, Net - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         457,813
Loans, Net - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             457,813
Loans, Net - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               440,092
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         136,987
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        136,987
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             51,928
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           51,928
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         163,487
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             163,487
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        14
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     52
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 263.80
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     263.80
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                         252.45
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             43.60
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    51.02
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 41.61
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                       108.69
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          39.55
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               48.98
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   -8.69
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     47.69
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         26.79
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             26.79
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        314.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            314.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         252.45
year ago
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  4.19
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .40
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .40
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   4.38
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -67.29
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -60.12
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -19.54
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -20.96
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  -1.92
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   -1.37
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           13.87
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -7.47
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -7.87
Loans, Net % Change - 1 year ago                                           8.39
Loans, Net % Change - year over year                                       8.39
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -68.17
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -60.10
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -21.83
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -21.83
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             -.84
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     -5.28
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                          2.75
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                            .78
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             6.57
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           6.57
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               4.40
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               10.07
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                4.13
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          4.28
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            2,829
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            332
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           2,829
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            2,829
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           4,625
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           826
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           4,625
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            4,625
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                12,063
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     2,760
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      12,063
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            12,576
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      9,939
Net Income available to common - most recent                              2,829
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                332
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              2,829
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             35,597
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  9,064
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             33,401
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   35,597
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 37.59
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        38.83
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     38.33
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            59.81
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              38.83
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           1,796
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 494
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 1,796
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          2,829
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          2,829
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   698
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              2,829
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .62
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .46
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .22
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .61
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .46
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  7.11
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              5.48
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             2.58
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               7.23
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               5.48
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              12,952
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              12,952
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            12,410
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            12,410
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         1,085
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               259
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,244
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            1,095
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              774
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,324
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,324
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            2,456
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               82
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             888
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   700
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              82
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   884
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             698
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              82
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   884
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             698
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              700
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               545
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                             45
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           633
year ago ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,179
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5,271
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,314
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              5,172
Historical Relative P/E                                                   81.94
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           19.49
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                             32.41
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           24.98
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 19.58
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                   31.14
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          37.86
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           17.23
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   33.62
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    19.89
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                            31.07
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                   31.14
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                   31.07
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.68
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.68
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.38
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          15.87
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                          27.83
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   4.17
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       4.11
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.44
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         4.17
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.75
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.75
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.75
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.75
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.83
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.83
quarter
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          47.49
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        17.22
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          13.52
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          17.39
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  6.27
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             17.39
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   13.52
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             22.10
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             28.20
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         27.58
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    15.61
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      22.10
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                22.10
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                28.20
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            27.58
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       15.61
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         22.10
Float                                                                      3.40
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         87,203
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              4.12
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             4.05
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           4.04
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          4.03
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           4.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               4.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             4.10
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               4.01
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          4.11
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             4.04
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            4.04
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            4.03
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            84.80



Efficiency Ratios
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           610,169
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          610,169
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            608,965
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          51,928
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         51,928
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         51,245
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           49,755
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           49,755
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          13,326
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          13,326
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            558,241
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          558,241
USD)
Loans, Net - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         457,813
Loans, Net - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             457,813
Loans, Net - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               440,092
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         136,987
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        136,987
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             51,928
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           51,928
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         163,487
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             163,487
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        14
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     52
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 263.80
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     263.80
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                         252.45
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             43.60
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    51.02
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 41.61
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                       108.69
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          39.55
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               48.98
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   -8.69
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     47.69
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         26.79
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             26.79
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        314.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            314.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         252.45
year ago
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  4.19
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .40
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .40
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   4.38
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -67.29
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -60.12
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -19.54
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -20.96
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  -1.92
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   -1.37
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           13.87
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -7.47
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -7.87
Loans, Net % Change - 1 year ago                                           8.39
Loans, Net % Change - year over year                                       8.39
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -68.17
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -60.10
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -21.83
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -21.83
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             -.84
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     -5.28
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                          2.75
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                            .78
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             6.57
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           6.57
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               4.40
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               10.07
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                4.13
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          4.28
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            2,829
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            332
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           2,829
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            2,829
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           4,625
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           826
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           4,625
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            4,625
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                12,063
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     2,760
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      12,063
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            12,576
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      9,939
Net Income available to common - most recent                              2,829
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                332
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              2,829
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             35,597
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  9,064
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             33,401
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   35,597
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 37.59
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        38.83
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     38.33
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            59.81
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              38.83
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           1,796
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 494
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 1,796
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          2,829
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          2,829
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   698
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              2,829
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .62
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .46
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .22
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .61
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .46
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  7.11
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              5.48
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             2.58
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               7.23
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               5.48
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              12,952
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              12,952
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            12,410
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            12,410
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         1,085
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               259
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,244
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            1,095
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              774
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,324
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,324
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            2,456
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               82
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             888
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   700
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              82
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   884
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             698
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              82
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   884
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             698
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              700
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               545
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                             45
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           633
year ago ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,179
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5,271
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,314
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              5,172
Historical Relative P/E                                                   81.94
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           19.49
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                             32.41
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           24.98
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 19.58
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                   31.14
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          37.86
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           17.23
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   33.62
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    19.89
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                            31.07
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                   31.14
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                   31.07
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.68
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.68
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.38
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          15.87
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                          27.83
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   4.17
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       4.11
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.44
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         4.17
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.75
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.75
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.75
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.75
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.83
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.83
quarter
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          47.49
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        17.22
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          13.52
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          17.39
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  6.27
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             17.39
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   13.52
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             22.10
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             28.20
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         27.58
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    15.61
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      22.10
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                22.10
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                28.20
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            27.58
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       15.61
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         22.10
Float                                                                      3.40
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         87,203
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              4.12
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             4.05
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           4.04
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          4.03
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           4.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               4.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             4.10
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               4.01
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          4.11
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             4.04
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            4.04
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            4.03
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            84.80



Financial Strength
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           610,169
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          610,169
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            608,965
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          51,928
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         51,928
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         51,245
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           49,755
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           49,755
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          13,326
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          13,326
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            558,241
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          558,241
USD)
Loans, Net - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         457,813
Loans, Net - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             457,813
Loans, Net - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               440,092
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         136,987
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        136,987
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             51,928
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           51,928
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         163,487
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             163,487
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        14
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     52
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 263.80
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     263.80
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                         252.45
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             43.60
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    51.02
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 41.61
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                       108.69
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          39.55
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               48.98
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   -8.69
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     47.69
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         26.79
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             26.79
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        314.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            314.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         252.45
year ago
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  4.19
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .40
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .40
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   4.38
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -67.29
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -60.12
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -19.54
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -20.96
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  -1.92
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   -1.37
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           13.87
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -7.47
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -7.87
Loans, Net % Change - 1 year ago                                           8.39
Loans, Net % Change - year over year                                       8.39
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -68.17
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -60.10
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -21.83
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -21.83
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             -.84
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     -5.28
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                          2.75
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                            .78
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             6.57
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           6.57
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               4.40
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               10.07
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                4.13
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          4.28
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            2,829
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            332
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           2,829
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            2,829
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           4,625
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           826
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           4,625
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            4,625
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                12,063
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     2,760
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      12,063
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            12,576
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      9,939
Net Income available to common - most recent                              2,829
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                332
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              2,829
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             35,597
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  9,064
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             33,401
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   35,597
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 37.59
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        38.83
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     38.33
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            59.81
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              38.83
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           1,796
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 494
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 1,796
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          2,829
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          2,829
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   698
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              2,829
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .62
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .46
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .22
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .61
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .46
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  7.11
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              5.48
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             2.58
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               7.23
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               5.48
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              12,952
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              12,952
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            12,410
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            12,410
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         1,085
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               259
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,244
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            1,095
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              774
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,324
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,324
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            2,456
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               82
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             888
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   700
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              82
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   884
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             698
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              82
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   884
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             698
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              700
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               545
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                             45
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           633
year ago ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,179
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5,271
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,314
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              5,172
Historical Relative P/E                                                   81.94
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           19.49
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                             32.41
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           24.98
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 19.58
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                   31.14
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          37.86
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           17.23
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   33.62
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    19.89
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                            31.07
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                   31.14
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                   31.07
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.68
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.68
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.38
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          15.87
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                          27.83
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   4.17
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       4.11
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.44
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         4.17
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.75
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.75
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.75
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.75
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.83
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.83
quarter
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          47.49
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        17.22
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          13.52
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          17.39
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  6.27
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             17.39
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   13.52
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             22.10
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             28.20
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         27.58
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    15.61
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      22.10
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                22.10
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                28.20
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            27.58
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       15.61
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         22.10
Float                                                                      3.40
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         87,203
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              4.12
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             4.05
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           4.04
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          4.03
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           4.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               4.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             4.10
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               4.01
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          4.11
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             4.04
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            4.04
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            4.03
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            84.80



Growth Rates
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           610,169
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          610,169
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            608,965
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          51,928
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         51,928
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         51,245
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           49,755
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           49,755
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          13,326
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          13,326
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            558,241
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          558,241
USD)
Loans, Net - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         457,813
Loans, Net - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             457,813
Loans, Net - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               440,092
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         136,987
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        136,987
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             51,928
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           51,928
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         163,487
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             163,487
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        14
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     52
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 263.80
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     263.80
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                         252.45
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             43.60
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    51.02
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 41.61
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                       108.69
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          39.55
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               48.98
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   -8.69
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     47.69
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         26.79
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             26.79
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        314.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            314.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         252.45
year ago
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  4.19
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .40
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .40
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   4.38
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -67.29
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -60.12
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -19.54
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -20.96
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  -1.92
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   -1.37
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           13.87
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -7.47
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -7.87
Loans, Net % Change - 1 year ago                                           8.39
Loans, Net % Change - year over year                                       8.39
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -68.17
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -60.10
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -21.83
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -21.83
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             -.84
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     -5.28
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                          2.75
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                            .78
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             6.57
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           6.57
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               4.40
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               10.07
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                4.13
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          4.28
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            2,829
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            332
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           2,829
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            2,829
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           4,625
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           826
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           4,625
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            4,625
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                12,063
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     2,760
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      12,063
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            12,576
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      9,939
Net Income available to common - most recent                              2,829
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                332
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              2,829
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             35,597
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  9,064
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             33,401
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   35,597
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 37.59
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        38.83
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     38.33
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            59.81
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              38.83
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           1,796
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 494
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 1,796
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          2,829
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          2,829
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   698
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              2,829
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .62
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .46
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .22
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .61
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .46
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  7.11
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              5.48
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             2.58
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               7.23
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               5.48
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              12,952
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              12,952
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            12,410
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            12,410
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         1,085
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               259
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,244
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            1,095
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              774
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,324
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,324
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            2,456
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               82
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             888
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   700
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              82
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   884
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             698
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              82
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   884
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             698
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              700
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               545
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                             45
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           633
year ago ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,179
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5,271
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,314
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              5,172
Historical Relative P/E                                                   81.94
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           19.49
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                             32.41
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           24.98
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 19.58
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                   31.14
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          37.86
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           17.23
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   33.62
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    19.89
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                            31.07
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                   31.14
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                   31.07
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.68
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.68
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.38
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          15.87
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                          27.83
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   4.17
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       4.11
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.44
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         4.17
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.75
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.75
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.75
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.75
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.83
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.83
quarter
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          47.49
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        17.22
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          13.52
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          17.39
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  6.27
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             17.39
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   13.52
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             22.10
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             28.20
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         27.58
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    15.61
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      22.10
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                22.10
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                28.20
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            27.58
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       15.61
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         22.10
Float                                                                      3.40
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         87,203
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              4.12
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             4.05
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           4.04
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          4.03
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           4.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               4.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             4.10
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               4.01
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          4.11
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             4.04
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            4.04
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            4.03
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            84.80



Income Statement
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           610,169
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          610,169
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            608,965
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          51,928
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         51,928
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         51,245
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           49,755
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           49,755
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          13,326
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          13,326
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            558,241
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          558,241
USD)
Loans, Net - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         457,813
Loans, Net - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             457,813
Loans, Net - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               440,092
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         136,987
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        136,987
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             51,928
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           51,928
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         163,487
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             163,487
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        14
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     52
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 263.80
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     263.80
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                         252.45
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             43.60
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    51.02
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 41.61
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                       108.69
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          39.55
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               48.98
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   -8.69
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     47.69
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         26.79
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             26.79
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        314.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            314.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         252.45
year ago
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  4.19
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .40
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .40
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   4.38
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -67.29
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -60.12
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -19.54
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -20.96
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  -1.92
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   -1.37
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           13.87
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -7.47
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -7.87
Loans, Net % Change - 1 year ago                                           8.39
Loans, Net % Change - year over year                                       8.39
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -68.17
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -60.10
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -21.83
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -21.83
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             -.84
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     -5.28
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                          2.75
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                            .78
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             6.57
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           6.57
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               4.40
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               10.07
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                4.13
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          4.28
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            2,829
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            332
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           2,829
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            2,829
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           4,625
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           826
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           4,625
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            4,625
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                12,063
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     2,760
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      12,063
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            12,576
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      9,939
Net Income available to common - most recent                              2,829
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                332
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              2,829
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             35,597
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  9,064
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             33,401
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   35,597
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 37.59
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        38.83
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     38.33
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            59.81
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              38.83
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           1,796
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 494
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 1,796
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          2,829
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          2,829
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   698
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              2,829
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .62
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .46
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .22
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .61
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .46
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  7.11
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              5.48
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             2.58
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               7.23
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               5.48
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              12,952
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              12,952
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            12,410
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            12,410
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         1,085
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               259
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,244
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            1,095
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              774
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,324
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,324
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            2,456
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               82
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             888
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   700
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              82
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   884
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             698
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              82
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   884
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             698
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              700
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               545
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                             45
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           633
year ago ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,179
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5,271
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,314
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              5,172
Historical Relative P/E                                                   81.94
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           19.49
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                             32.41
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           24.98
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 19.58
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                   31.14
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          37.86
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           17.23
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   33.62
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    19.89
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                            31.07
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                   31.14
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                   31.07
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.68
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.68
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.38
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          15.87
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                          27.83
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   4.17
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       4.11
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.44
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         4.17
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.75
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.75
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.75
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.75
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.83
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.83
quarter
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          47.49
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        17.22
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          13.52
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          17.39
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  6.27
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             17.39
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   13.52
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             22.10
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             28.20
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         27.58
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    15.61
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      22.10
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                22.10
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                28.20
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            27.58
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       15.61
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         22.10
Float                                                                      3.40
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         87,203
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              4.12
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             4.05
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           4.04
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          4.03
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           4.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               4.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             4.10
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               4.01
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          4.11
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             4.04
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            4.04
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            4.03
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            84.80



Management Effectiveness
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           610,169
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          610,169
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            608,965
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          51,928
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         51,928
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         51,245
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           49,755
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           49,755
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          13,326
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          13,326
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            558,241
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          558,241
USD)
Loans, Net - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         457,813
Loans, Net - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             457,813
Loans, Net - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               440,092
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         136,987
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        136,987
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             51,928
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           51,928
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         163,487
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             163,487
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        14
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     52
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 263.80
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     263.80
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                         252.45
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             43.60
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    51.02
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 41.61
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                       108.69
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          39.55
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               48.98
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   -8.69
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     47.69
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         26.79
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             26.79
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        314.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            314.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         252.45
year ago
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  4.19
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .40
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .40
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   4.38
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -67.29
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -60.12
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -19.54
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -20.96
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  -1.92
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   -1.37
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           13.87
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -7.47
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -7.87
Loans, Net % Change - 1 year ago                                           8.39
Loans, Net % Change - year over year                                       8.39
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -68.17
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -60.10
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -21.83
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -21.83
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             -.84
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     -5.28
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                          2.75
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                            .78
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             6.57
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           6.57
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               4.40
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               10.07
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                4.13
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          4.28
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            2,829
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            332
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           2,829
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            2,829
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           4,625
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           826
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           4,625
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            4,625
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                12,063
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     2,760
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      12,063
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            12,576
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      9,939
Net Income available to common - most recent                              2,829
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                332
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              2,829
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             35,597
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  9,064
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             33,401
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   35,597
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 37.59
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        38.83
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     38.33
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            59.81
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              38.83
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           1,796
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 494
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 1,796
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          2,829
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          2,829
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   698
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              2,829
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .62
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .46
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .22
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .61
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .46
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  7.11
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              5.48
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             2.58
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               7.23
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               5.48
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              12,952
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              12,952
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            12,410
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            12,410
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         1,085
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               259
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,244
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            1,095
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              774
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,324
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,324
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            2,456
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               82
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             888
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   700
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              82
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   884
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             698
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              82
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   884
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             698
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              700
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               545
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                             45
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           633
year ago ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,179
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5,271
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,314
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              5,172
Historical Relative P/E                                                   81.94
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           19.49
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                             32.41
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           24.98
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 19.58
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                   31.14
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          37.86
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           17.23
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   33.62
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    19.89
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                            31.07
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                   31.14
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                   31.07
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.68
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.68
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.38
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          15.87
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                          27.83
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   4.17
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       4.11
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.44
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         4.17
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.75
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.75
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.75
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.75
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.83
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.83
quarter
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          47.49
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        17.22
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          13.52
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          17.39
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  6.27
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             17.39
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   13.52
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             22.10
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             28.20
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         27.58
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    15.61
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      22.10
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                22.10
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                28.20
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            27.58
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       15.61
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         22.10
Float                                                                      3.40
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         87,203
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              4.12
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             4.05
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           4.04
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          4.03
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           4.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               4.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             4.10
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               4.01
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          4.11
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             4.04
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            4.04
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            4.03
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            84.80



Per Share Ratios
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           610,169
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          610,169
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            608,965
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          51,928
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         51,928
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         51,245
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           49,755
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           49,755
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          13,326
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          13,326
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            558,241
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          558,241
USD)
Loans, Net - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         457,813
Loans, Net - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             457,813
Loans, Net - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               440,092
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         136,987
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        136,987
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             51,928
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           51,928
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         163,487
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             163,487
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        14
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     52
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 263.80
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     263.80
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                         252.45
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             43.60
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    51.02
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 41.61
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                       108.69
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          39.55
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               48.98
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   -8.69
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     47.69
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         26.79
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             26.79
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        314.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            314.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         252.45
year ago
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  4.19
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .40
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .40
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   4.38
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -67.29
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -60.12
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -19.54
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -20.96
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  -1.92
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   -1.37
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           13.87
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -7.47
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -7.87
Loans, Net % Change - 1 year ago                                           8.39
Loans, Net % Change - year over year                                       8.39
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -68.17
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -60.10
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -21.83
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -21.83
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             -.84
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     -5.28
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                          2.75
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                            .78
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             6.57
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           6.57
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               4.40
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               10.07
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                4.13
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          4.28
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            2,829
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            332
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           2,829
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            2,829
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           4,625
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           826
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           4,625
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            4,625
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                12,063
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     2,760
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      12,063
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            12,576
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      9,939
Net Income available to common - most recent                              2,829
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                332
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              2,829
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             35,597
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  9,064
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             33,401
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   35,597
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 37.59
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        38.83
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     38.33
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            59.81
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              38.83
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           1,796
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 494
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 1,796
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          2,829
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          2,829
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   698
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              2,829
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .62
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .46
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .22
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .61
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .46
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  7.11
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              5.48
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             2.58
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               7.23
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               5.48
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              12,952
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              12,952
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            12,410
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            12,410
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         1,085
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               259
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,244
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            1,095
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              774
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,324
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,324
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            2,456
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               82
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             888
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   700
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              82
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   884
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             698
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              82
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   884
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             698
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              700
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               545
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                             45
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           633
year ago ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,179
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5,271
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,314
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              5,172
Historical Relative P/E                                                   81.94
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           19.49
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                             32.41
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           24.98
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 19.58
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                   31.14
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          37.86
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           17.23
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   33.62
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    19.89
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                            31.07
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                   31.14
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                   31.07
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.68
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.68
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.38
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          15.87
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                          27.83
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   4.17
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       4.11
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.44
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         4.17
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.75
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.75
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.75
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.75
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.83
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.83
quarter
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          47.49
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        17.22
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          13.52
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          17.39
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  6.27
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             17.39
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   13.52
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             22.10
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             28.20
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         27.58
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    15.61
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      22.10
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                22.10
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                28.20
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            27.58
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       15.61
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         22.10
Float                                                                      3.40
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         87,203
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              4.12
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             4.05
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           4.04
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          4.03
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           4.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               4.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             4.10
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               4.01
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          4.11
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             4.04
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            4.04
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            4.03
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            84.80



Price Related
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           610,169
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          610,169
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            608,965
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          51,928
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         51,928
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         51,245
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           49,755
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           49,755
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          13,326
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          13,326
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            558,241
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          558,241
USD)
Loans, Net - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         457,813
Loans, Net - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             457,813
Loans, Net - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               440,092
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         136,987
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        136,987
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             51,928
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           51,928
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         163,487
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             163,487
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        14
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     52
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 263.80
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     263.80
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                         252.45
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             43.60
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    51.02
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 41.61
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                       108.69
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          39.55
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               48.98
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   -8.69
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     47.69
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         26.79
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             26.79
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        314.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            314.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         252.45
year ago
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  4.19
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .40
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .40
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   4.38
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -67.29
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -60.12
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -19.54
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -20.96
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  -1.92
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   -1.37
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           13.87
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -7.47
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -7.87
Loans, Net % Change - 1 year ago                                           8.39
Loans, Net % Change - year over year                                       8.39
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -68.17
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -60.10
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -21.83
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -21.83
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             -.84
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     -5.28
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                          2.75
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                            .78
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             6.57
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           6.57
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               4.40
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               10.07
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                4.13
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          4.28
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            2,829
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            332
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           2,829
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            2,829
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           4,625
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           826
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           4,625
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            4,625
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                12,063
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     2,760
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      12,063
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            12,576
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      9,939
Net Income available to common - most recent                              2,829
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                332
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              2,829
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             35,597
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  9,064
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             33,401
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   35,597
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 37.59
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        38.83
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     38.33
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            59.81
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              38.83
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           1,796
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 494
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 1,796
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          2,829
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          2,829
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   698
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              2,829
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .62
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .46
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .22
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .61
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .46
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  7.11
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              5.48
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             2.58
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               7.23
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               5.48
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              12,952
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              12,952
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            12,410
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            12,410
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         1,085
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               259
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,244
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            1,095
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              774
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,324
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,324
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            2,456
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               82
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             888
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   700
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              82
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   884
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             698
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              82
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   884
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             698
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              700
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               545
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                             45
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           633
year ago ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,179
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5,271
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,314
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              5,172
Historical Relative P/E                                                   81.94
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           19.49
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                             32.41
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           24.98
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 19.58
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                   31.14
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          37.86
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           17.23
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   33.62
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    19.89
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                            31.07
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                   31.14
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                   31.07
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.68
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.68
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.38
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          15.87
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                          27.83
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   4.17
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       4.11
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.44
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         4.17
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.75
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.75
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.75
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.75
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.83
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.83
quarter
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          47.49
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        17.22
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          13.52
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          17.39
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  6.27
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             17.39
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   13.52
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             22.10
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             28.20
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         27.58
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    15.61
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      22.10
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                22.10
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                28.20
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            27.58
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       15.61
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         22.10
Float                                                                      3.40
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         87,203
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              4.12
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             4.05
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           4.04
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          4.03
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           4.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               4.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             4.10
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               4.01
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          4.11
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             4.04
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            4.04
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            4.03
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            84.80



Profitability Ratios
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           610,169
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          610,169
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            608,965
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          51,928
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         51,928
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         51,245
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           49,755
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           49,755
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          13,326
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          13,326
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            558,241
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          558,241
USD)
Loans, Net - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         457,813
Loans, Net - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             457,813
Loans, Net - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               440,092
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         136,987
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        136,987
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             51,928
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           51,928
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         163,487
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             163,487
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        14
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     52
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 263.80
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     263.80
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                         252.45
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             43.60
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    51.02
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 41.61
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                       108.69
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          39.55
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               48.98
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   -8.69
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     47.69
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         26.79
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             26.79
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        314.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            314.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         252.45
year ago
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  4.19
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .40
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .40
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   4.38
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -67.29
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -60.12
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -19.54
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -20.96
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  -1.92
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   -1.37
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           13.87
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -7.47
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -7.87
Loans, Net % Change - 1 year ago                                           8.39
Loans, Net % Change - year over year                                       8.39
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -68.17
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -60.10
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -21.83
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -21.83
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             -.84
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     -5.28
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                          2.75
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                            .78
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             6.57
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           6.57
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               4.40
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               10.07
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                4.13
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          4.28
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            2,829
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            332
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           2,829
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            2,829
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           4,625
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           826
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           4,625
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            4,625
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                12,063
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     2,760
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      12,063
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            12,576
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      9,939
Net Income available to common - most recent                              2,829
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                332
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              2,829
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             35,597
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  9,064
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             33,401
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   35,597
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 37.59
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        38.83
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     38.33
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            59.81
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              38.83
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           1,796
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 494
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 1,796
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          2,829
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          2,829
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   698
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              2,829
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .62
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .46
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .22
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .61
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .46
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  7.11
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              5.48
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             2.58
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               7.23
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               5.48
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              12,952
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              12,952
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            12,410
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            12,410
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         1,085
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               259
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,244
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            1,095
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              774
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,324
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,324
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            2,456
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               82
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             888
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   700
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              82
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   884
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             698
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              82
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   884
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             698
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              700
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               545
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                             45
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           633
year ago ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,179
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5,271
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,314
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              5,172
Historical Relative P/E                                                   81.94
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           19.49
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                             32.41
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           24.98
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 19.58
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                   31.14
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          37.86
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           17.23
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   33.62
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    19.89
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                            31.07
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                   31.14
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                   31.07
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.68
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.68
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.38
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          15.87
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                          27.83
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   4.17
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       4.11
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.44
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         4.17
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.75
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.75
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.75
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.75
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.83
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.83
quarter
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          47.49
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        17.22
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          13.52
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          17.39
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  6.27
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             17.39
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   13.52
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             22.10
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             28.20
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         27.58
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    15.61
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      22.10
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                22.10
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                28.20
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            27.58
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       15.61
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         22.10
Float                                                                      3.40
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         87,203
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              4.12
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             4.05
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           4.04
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          4.03
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           4.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               4.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             4.10
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               4.01
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          4.11
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             4.04
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            4.04
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            4.03
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            84.80



Share Related Items
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           610,169
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          610,169
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            608,965
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          51,928
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         51,928
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         51,245
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           49,755
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           49,755
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          13,326
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          13,326
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            558,241
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          558,241
USD)
Loans, Net - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         457,813
Loans, Net - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             457,813
Loans, Net - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               440,092
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         136,987
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        136,987
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             51,928
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           51,928
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         163,487
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             163,487
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        14
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     52
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                 263.80
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                     263.80
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                         252.45
Payout ratio - 5 year average                                             43.60
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    51.02
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year -1                                 41.61
Payout ratio - most recent quarter                                       108.69
Payout ratio - trailing 12 month                                          39.55
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               48.98
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                   -8.69
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     47.69
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         26.79
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             26.79
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                        314.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                            314.83
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                         252.45
year ago
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  4.19
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                         .40
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                     .40
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                   4.38
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -67.29
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -60.12
EPS Change % - year over year                                            -19.54
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -20.96
EPS growth rate, 10 year                                                  -1.92
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   -1.37
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           13.87
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                                -7.47
Growth rate% - net income                                                 -7.87
Loans, Net % Change - 1 year ago                                           8.39
Loans, Net % Change - year over year                                       8.39
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -68.17
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -60.10
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -21.83
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     -21.83
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                             -.84
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     -5.28
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                          2.75
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                            .78
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             6.57
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           6.57
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                               4.40
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               10.07
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                4.13
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          4.28
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            2,829
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            332
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           2,829
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            2,829
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           4,625
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           826
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           4,625
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            4,625
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                12,063
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     2,760
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      12,063
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            12,576
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      9,939
Net Income available to common - most recent                              2,829
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                332
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              2,829
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           2,829
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             35,597
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  9,064
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             33,401
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   35,597
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                 37.59
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                        38.83
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     38.33
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            59.81
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                              38.83
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           1,796
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 494
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                 1,796
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          2,829
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          2,829
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   698
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              2,829
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                   .62
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                               .46
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .22
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                                .61
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                                .46
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                  7.11
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              5.48
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             2.58
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               7.23
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               5.48
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              12,952
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              12,952
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            12,410
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            12,410
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         1,085
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               259
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,244
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            1,095
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              774
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,324
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,324
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            2,456
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               82
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             888
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   700
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              82
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   884
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             698
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              82
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   884
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             698
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              700
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               545
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                             45
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           633
year ago ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,179
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          5,271
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,314
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              5,172
Historical Relative P/E                                                   81.94
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           19.49
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                             32.41
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                           24.98
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 19.58
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                   31.14
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          37.86
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           17.23
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   33.62
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    19.89
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                            31.07
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                   31.14
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                   31.07
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.68
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.68
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.38
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                          15.87
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                          27.83
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   4.17
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       4.11
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.44
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         4.17
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.75
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.75
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.75
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.75
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.83
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.83
quarter
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          47.49
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        17.22
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          13.52
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          17.39
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  6.27
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             17.39
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   13.52
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             22.10
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             28.20
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         27.58
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    15.61
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      22.10
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                22.10
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                28.20
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            27.58
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       15.61
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         22.10
Float                                                                      3.40
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         87,203
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              4.12
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             4.05
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           4.04
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          4.03
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           4.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               4.01
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             4.10
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               4.01
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          4.11
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             4.04
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            4.04
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            4.03
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            84.80

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
SECURITY TYPE: Ordinary Shares
EXCHANGE: NASDAQ
TOTAL SHARES OUTSTANDING: 4,009,353
LISTING TYPE:  Ordinary Shares

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Wolf & Co.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2017


                             907 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Savannah Morning News (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              April 2, 2010 Friday

Hitch Village demolition begins

BYLINE: Jan Skutch, Savannah Morning News, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 616 words


Apr. 2--In what was largely a symbolic display, the first dwellings in the
50-year-old Robert Hitch Village public housing neighborhood felt the demolition
blow Thursday.

When Earline Wesley Davis, executive director of the Housing Authority of
Savannah, donned a hard hat and climbed into the 30-ton excavator, it was the
first step to a planned summer-long demolition of 49 dwelling units in a $1.6
million project.

Also scheduled to come down are the Curtis Cooper health care site and authority
management office.

The demolition is funded with part of $5.3 million in stimulus funding to level
the 29-acre neighborhood and make improvements to other authority neighborhoods.

When the pros with D.H. Griffin Wrecking Co. return next week, the work will
begin in earnest, Rusty Watson, project manager, said Thursday.

There are still some permits to be completed, he explained.

Griffin, with offices in Atlanta and Savannah, handled the demolition of the
authority's 15-story Stubbs Tower for seniors and disabled in 2007.

Griffin officials plan to complete the work by mid-September.

Hitch residents have been relocated to other authority housing sites so the
buildings on Wheaton Street across from the Chatham County Department of Family
and Children Services loom as a virtual ghost town.

But across Hitch Drive, Randolph Frazier and his Randy's Bar B Q continued
business as usual.

"They'll come back," the 50-year-old Frazier said of his former customers from
Hitch.

His small stand has been there about three years.

"I ain't going nowhere. I have no reason," he said as he gazed across at the
demolition equipment and activity. "I'm not rebuilding."

Davis said the project follows a physical needs assessment on all housing
authority properties. That assessment determined it would cost more than $10
million to make repairs needed to bring Hitch Village up to federal housing
quality standards and would cost more than $2 million annually to maintain the
standard.

It would have taken using all capital funds -- excluding other neighborhoods
from receiving improvements -- for about four years to bring the site up to
necessary standards, she said.

The authority "intends to redevelop the property as a mixed-financed,
mixed-income, mixed-use community with rental units, ownership units and
commercial development," Davis said.

Fifteen unemployed local people will be employed in low-to-unskilled jobs in the
project, Davis said.

"The redevelopment will improve the availability of affordable housing in
Savannah and be an economic stimulus by providing jobs for economically
disadvantaged residents," she added.

Hitch was first occupied in April 1959 and remodeled in the early 1990s.

But the units had become obsolete and were showing structural problems.

At the end, only about two-thirds of the 337 units were occupied.

Under Davis' watch, the neighborhood became the authority's latest redevelopment
vision to be replaced by an as yet undetermined mix of housing and commercial
uses.

Davis has indicated the new site will include multi-family units, some home
ownership and some commercial similar to other authority ventures under way.

Located across from the gleaming family and children services site, it is part
of an effort to revitalize Wheaton Street on Savannah's eastside.

To see more of the Savannah Morning News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.savannahnow.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Savannah Morning News, Ga.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100402-SV-HOUSING-PROJECT-20100402

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SV


                      Copyright 2010 Savannah Morning News


                             908 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Edmonton Examiner

                           November 9, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

A milestone for crime free multi-housing

BYLINE: Ramin Ostad, Edmonton Examiner

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A26

LENGTH: 493  words


After 15 years of building strong relationships between landlords, tenants and
law enforcement, one of the city's key safety programs has reached an immense
milestone.

There are now 300 multi-family properties in Edmonton that are certified under
the Crime Free Multi-Housing (CFMH) program, designed to keep illegal activity
out of those properties and keep the residents inside safe.

The program was launched in 2001, making Edmonton the first city in Alberta to
participate in the well-regarded North American safety program.

It is a collaborative effort between the City of Edmonton Landlord and Tenant
Advisory Board and the Edmonton Police Service (EPS), introducing
crimeprevention methods that reduce criminal activity in certified complexes.

The program trains building managers to create crime-free buildings through
security audits and informing residents of ways to look out for one another.

"The Crime Free Multi-Housing program has been of great benefit to all involved,
and has helped foster positive relationships between property managers,
residents and police," said Judy Downey, general supervisor of the Landlord and
Tenant Advisory Board at the City of Edmonton.

"It meets our goals of having safe, appropriate and affordable housing in
Edmonton. But, even more importantly, it helps build strong communities by
empowering individuals to take action in their community, create safer
environments, and reduce the number of crimes reported."

To gauge the effectiveness of the program, EPS compared calls for service
between two neighbouring rental properties in the area of 118 Avenue and 89
Street, where one property has participated in the CFMH program other property
has not.

Between September 2010 and June 2016, police were dispatched 60 times to the
non-participating property, while police were only dispatched 10 times to the
CFMH property.

More significantly, there were no reports of violence at the CFMH property.

"The program's longevity and success are due in large part to the co-operation
and support of the property managers and residents," said EPS Acting Sgt. Amanda
Trenchard.

"At one time, it was police going it alone and trying to control crime at
problem properties, now it's the reverse where landlords and tenants are taking
ownership and not tolerating criminal behaviour. Quite literally, we're now able
to get in on the ground floor and that's making all the difference."

The program also helps to identify civil processes under the Residential
Tenancies Act that can be used to reduce crime or other nuisance activity. These
processes include applicant prescreening, residential tenancy addendum
agreements, mediation services, and offering training and educational resources.
The next Crime Free Multi-Housing course will be held Nov. 16 and 17.
Individuals who require recertification can attend the half-day course on Nov.
18.

For more information on the program or to register for the course, please visit
edmonton. ca/ltab

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: File Photo; An Edmonton police officer affixes a Crime Free Multi-
Housing program sign to one of 300 Edmonton multi-unit residences certified with
the program. Celebrating 15 years in 2016, the program helps discourage crime in
multi-unit residences.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Edmonton Examiner
                              All Rights Reserved


                             909 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 27, 2016 Wednesday

Greeley Planning Commission signs off on low-income housing project

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 276 words


Jan. 27--Catholic Charities is one step closer to housing Greeley's homeless.

The planning commission unanimously signed off Tuesday on the nonprofit's
multi-family housing project, which will provide studio, one-bedroom and
two-bedroom apartments to low-income families.

Catholic Charities oversees Greeley's Guadalupe Community Center and Shelter,
1442 N. 11th Ave., which provides residents with emergency shelter for more than
50 people.

The apartments will be on the same block, forming a Guadalupe Center campus, and
residents will have access to the center's social services.

The shelter partners with North Range Behavioral Health to offer substance abuse
treatment and other kinds of counseling. Sunrise Community Health Center assists
residents with medical needs. There are services for the mentally and physically
disabled. The shelter has a computer room, where High Plains Library District
sends librarians to help residents with computer literacy and job searches.

Residents in the housing complex will pay for the apartments using housing
choice vouchers, or Section 8. This means the federal government will subsidize
rent, and residents pay 30 percent of their monthly income.

The complex will offer 18 studios, 19 one-bedroom units and 10 two-bedroom
units. Common areas will feature laundry facilities, a computer room, a TV
lounge, smoking decks, a multi-purpose community room and a landscaped
courtyard.

It will take about 12 months to construct and should be open by next summer.

___ (c)2016 the Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune
(Greeley, Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160127-GY-Greeley-Planning-Commission-signs-off-on-low-income-housing
-project-0127-20160127

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2016 Greeley Tribune


                             910 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                      April 16, 2000 Sunday FINAL EDITION

ONE RENT HIKE TOO MANY, AND ITS CONSEQUENCES;
APARTMENT COSTS SOAR, WITH NO END IN SIGHT

BYLINE: Lisa Vorderbrueggen and Janet Adamy

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 2242 words


The 38-year-old executive secretary has been forced to find someone to split the
rent on her two-bedroom Alameda apartment since it went up $125 to $975 last
fall.

It took her 10 months to find the place, and even if she was willing to move,
she doesn't think she could find something nice for much less.

"I feel powerless to do anything about it," Michelle said. "I don't make enough
to afford an extra $125 a month."

If you are a renter or have tried to lease an apartment lately, you already know
that East Bay rents are at an all-time high and rising.

Competition for scarce vacancies is fierce, pushing would-be renters to woo
potential landlords with extra cash and renter's resumes.

Even if you already have a place, you are not safe. Tenants are getting hit with
rent increases of $100 or more a month.

And those whose salaries are not keeping pace with rent spikes are being forced
to move in with relatives, find a better-paying job or a roommate, cut back
expenses or move to the urban fringe, where rents are cheaper.

Hardest hit are the working poor and senior citizens like 75-year-old Betty J.
Hooten. Two years ago, she paid $750 a month for her Concord apartment. Now, she
pays $995 a month.

"For me to move at my age is a terrible imposition," Hooten said. "They believe
they can do this to you, but I don't think that is the American way to treat
people."

Inflationary pressure

In truth, Hooten is a victim of a revered American institution capitalism.

It is Economics 101, explains Jack Goodman, chief economist for the National
Multi Housing Council in Washington, D.C.

High demand, coupled with short supply, equates to rising rents.

"You have a situation where the economy is booming, which brings more people
with more money who all need housing," Goodman says. "At the same time, the
anti-growth sentiment in the Bay Area has made it very difficult to build more
housing, especially multi-family housing."

Rents rose 18 percent in Alameda and Contra Costa counties between 1997 and
1999, driving average monthly rents up more than $150 a month, according to the
research firm REALFACTS in Novato.

East Bay rents are well above the national average of $792 a month.

The average for a two-bedroom, one-bath apartment is $1,096 in Alameda County
and $992 in Contra Costa County. Solano County is closer to the national level,
but it, too, is seeing increases up $128 a month to $801 in the past two years.

Contra Costa, Alameda and Solano counties have added nearly 140,000 jobs in the
past five years, but have built only 60,000 single and multi-family homes, a 35
percent shortfall. The Silicon Valley, meanwhile, has generated 250,000 jobs
since 1992 but built fewer than 50,000 homes.

One out of five of these units was an apartment, townhouse or condominium.

Record housing values are also contributing to the shortage.

Houses that have been rental properties for years are being sold as owners cash
in on the strong housing market, leaving few available and pushing more people
into apartments.

The sizzling rental market makes for busy times at property management companies
and rental offices.

"The East Bay rental market has been lagging behind other areas in the Bay Area,
and now it is catching up," said Jeff Mishikin, a manager with San Francisco
real estate consulting firm of Marcus & Millichap. "We've already seen this
happen in the Silicon Valley and San Francisco."

Leasing agent John Hardin of Bartels Property Management in Richmond says he
gets five new properties a week, compared with 50 a week this time last year.

"I get 10 applications for everything I have and I don't have to offer move-in
incentives any more," Hardin said. "I even have people wanting to offer me extra
money."

In Central Contra Costa County, there were only "11 houses for rent on the
Multiple Listing Service when I looked recently," said Lloyd Henry, co-owner of
Five Star Relocation Service in Walnut Creek. "And there are probably a dozen
applications for every one of those houses. Rentals are gold right now."

A big bounce

As rental property becomes a cash cow, tenants are the ones feeling milked.

Chris Hentz, 30, got fed up when his landlord raised the rent from $1,850 to
$2,100 for his three-bedroom Montclair house, so he moved to a new but not as
nice place in Pleasant Hill.

The landlord then advertised the Montclair house at $2,400 a month.

"The rental market is tough, but I don't think you can ask a person to pay a lot
more in rent than they'd pay for a mortgage," Hentz said.

During most of her 10-year stay in Walnut Creek's Flora Avenue Apartments, Karen
Lynn Sterkin weathered a handful of $25 to $40 rent increases, all given with
about two months' notice.

When new owners took over the building last year, her $665 rent started to
skyrocket. They upped it to $740. Then in February, they told her it would go to
$940 per month if she signed a six-month lease and $1,040 if she didn't.

"I felt like I was going to have a heart attack," said Sterkin, 53. It prompted
her to buy a condominium in Concord.

But for most apartment dwellers, high rents, coupled with stratospheric home
prices, make it nearly impossible to save money for a house and escape the rent
cycle.

California ranks 49th in home ownership in the country 56 percent of its
residents are homeowners, compared with 67 percent nationally.

"If you have to spend a lot of money on rent, you'll have a harder time having
the disposable income to save for a down payment," said G.U. Krueger, deputy
chief economist for the California Association of Realtors. "Add the need to
save for retirement, and it is even more difficult."

Hoping to stay out of the rent trap, Michael Foster, a 26-year-old San Ramon
recreation technician, is living with his parents so he can save money for a
condominium.

Two years ago, he could justify paying $600 a month for a two-bedroom apartment
in Santa Rosa.

"Six hundred dollars a month around here wouldn't even get me a studio
apartment," Foster said. But he is not a social outcast among his friends three
of them still live at home, too.

The outcasts

Foster is one of the lucky ones.

For the working poor, finding a place to live is like fighting a forest fire
with a squirt gun.

Landlords are getting dozens of applications for every vacancy, and those with a
pristine credit history and the highest incomes usually prevail.

Property managers want prospective tenants to earn at least three times the
monthly rent.

To qualify for the average apartment in Contra Costa or Alameda counties, a
family needs to bring in more than $44,000 a year, far more than what most
clerks or restaurant workers are paid.

"Not only are the rents incredibly high, but if you've had any credit problems
or you've been evicted, you just cannot compete with the dozens of applicants
with good credit and higher salaries," said Merlin Wedepohl, executive director
for Shelter Inc., a Concord agency that helps combat homelessness.

And while public housing and subsidies such as the federal Section 8 rent
voucher program are available, the demand far outstrips the supply.

Alameda County received 15,000 applications last summer for a lottery drawing
for 3,000 spots on a waiting list for its Section 8 program.

Five thousand families are on a waiting list for the same program in Contra
Costa County, and another 3,500 are waiting for a public housing unit.

The San Francisco-based BRIDGE Housing Corp. has built 5,000 affordable
apartments in the Bay Area, and every unit has a waiting list.

Since each agency accepts only a limited number of people on these waiting
lists, the actual need is much greater.

Meanwhile, landlords are opting out of the Section 8 program to collect the
higher, market-rate rents.

Where do many of these families go?

"East Contra Costa County and the Central Valley," said Marjorie Rocha,
executive director for ECHO Housing, an East Bay housing assistance service.
"They end up commuting, but at least they can find a place to live."

NIMBY rules

Landlords and leasing agents say they feel for people who are forced to move or
make drastic lifestyle changes.

But Joseph Lawton, vice president of Castle Creek Co., which manages 1,000 units
in the East Bay, points out that he is not responsible for the hikes.

"I can't control what's happened to the market in the past two years," Lawton
said. "Our job is to maximize that return for the building owners."

For their part, developers say they would be happy to build more apartments.

But land zoned for multi-family dwellings is scarce and expensive, and the only
project less politically palatable to neighbors than an apartment complex is a
low-income apartment building.

"The chance for public opposition is much greater for multi-family housing than
single-family housing," said Phillip Serna, vice president for the Home Builders
Association of Northern California. "It can be a grueling process."

Just ask Castle Construction Co. of Concord, which faced more than 650 angry
Danville residents at a public hearing in 1998 for Castle's proposed, 48-unit,
market-rate apartment complex there. Many said the building threatened the
quality of life in their upscale, single-family neighborhood.

Castle eventually won approval for 38 units, and the Podva Road complex is
nearly full. Tenants are paying from $1,295 to $1,550 a month, far above the
county average.

One exception to the trend is Dublin, where several large apartment complexes
are under construction or have been recently completed. The city adopted a
master plan for a large swath of undeveloped land on the east side and zoned
parts of it specifically for apartments or condos.

A lack of established neighbors to wage war on the project, already-zoned land
and a strong rental market made these apartments possible, said Bob Burke, Shea
Homes' general manager.

The Livermore company is building two complexes in East Dublin. One is about
two-thirds rented and the second is in the approval stage.

But moderate or low-income families can't afford them: Rents range from $1,200
to $1,600 a month.

"Unfortunately, the price of land forces you to build luxury apartments in order
to get the return you need on the investment," Burke said. "Otherwise, it does
not pencil out financially. Moderately priced apartments don't pay in this
market."

What's next?

Everyone from Gov. Gray Davis to state and local lawmakers, and business and
housing advocacy groups is calling the Bay Area's housing situation a crisis.
The Legislature this year is considering several proposals to help ease the
crunch:

A bill by Assemblyman Tom Torlakson, D-Antioch, would give incentives to
communities that help bring jobs to housing-rich regions, such as the Central
Valley, and housing to job centers, such as the Tri-Valley and Silicon Valley.

Two versions are being debated of a statewide housing bond to be put to voters.
One, for $750 million, would provide more money for affordable rental housing;
the other, for $950 million, would help first-time home buyers.

Incentives are being considered to build affordable housing in established
communities.

Berkeley and Oakland are the only East Bay cities with strong rent control, but
their measures do not protect the bulk of renters from hikes.

When the Costa-Hawkins Rental Housing Act went into effect in 1999, Berkeley
landlords gained the right to raise the rent to the market value when an
apartment becomes vacant.

Since then, about half of Berkeley's apartments have risen to market rates,
according to the Berkeley Rent Stabilization Board.

In Oakland, landlords do not need a reason to evict a tenant as long as they
give the tenant 30 days' notice. Tenant activists say that has prompted
landlords to evict poor tenants just so they can raise the rent.

"We're seeing a lot of displacement now taking place," said James Vann,
co-founder of the Oakland Tenants Union.

He's heading an effort to gather signatures to get a "just cause" for eviction
measure on the November ballot that would require landlords to give a reason for
ousting tenants.

But "rent control is usually counterproductive," Torlakson said, because it can
hurt efforts to increase the housing supply. Investors aren't eager to back
buildings in rent-controlled areas because they're not as profitable.

Tax credits do offer a small segment of renters a tiny bit of help.

The state non-refundable renter's credit gives single renters with an adjusted
gross income of $25,650 or less a $60 credit and married renters earning a total
of $51,300 a $120 credit on their tax returns.

In the near future, though, housing advocates believe the rental crunch will
continue to pinch middle- and low-income families as long as the economy is
strong.

"I think things are going to get worse before they get better," predicted Carol
Galante, president of BRIDGE Housing Corp.

"We are seeing a growing recognition, finally, that we haven't been doing enough
in this arena, but it will take time to make changes."

Lisa Vorderbrueggen covers growth and transportation. Reach her at 925-228-6179
or lvorderbrueggen@cctimes.com. Janet Adamy covers retail. Reach her at
925-943-8263 or jadamy@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo 1, LAURA MICHELLE pauses in rearranging her Alameda digs to speak
with a potential roommate, a necessity after her rent rose to $975. (Tue Nam
Ton, Times); Photo 2, KAREN LYNN STERKIN'S Walnut Creek rent rose in a single
year from $665 to $940; this month she took the plunge on a condo in Concord.
(Dan Rosenstrauch, Times); Photo 3, REV. SOLOMAN NEWMAN JR. helped a friend move
last week into the Sequoia Grove apartments in Danville. (Gregory Urquiaga,
Times)

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             911 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Star-Journal, Warrensburg, Mo

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          December 16, 2015 Wednesday

City council nixes 4-story buildings at Hawthorne

BYLINE: Jack "Miles" Ventimiglia, The Daily Star-Journal, Warrensburg, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 736 words


Dec. 16--WARRENSBURG -- Community members helped send developer Ken Hamilton of
Hamilton Properties, Springfield, back to the drawing board with his vision for
medium-density, multi-family use in the Hawthorne development.

Hamilton hoped to build four-story apartment buildings, but area residents
objected on grounds that such building could add to already difficult draining
problems and traffic, and reduce property values and privacy. After public
hearings on each of Hamilton's three rezoning requests, with comments by
residents, the council did not agree to any of the requests.

One the first of the three votes, the council majority agreed to the rezoning
request, 3-2, but the issue failed because passage required a super majority.

"Warrensburg needs the housing, that's the thing about it," Hamilton said after
the meeting.

Public Works Director Barbara Carroll explained why granting the request
required the 4-1 super majority.

"The ordinance calls for that anything that they want to approve something that
the Planning Commission has recommended against," she said.

The commission last week rejected Hamilton's request.

Based on a continuation of the present zoning, Hamilton cannot construct
four-story apartment buildings, but can build 2  1/2 -story apartments on the
property, which allows for development of low-density, multi-family and business
use.

"I'm looking forward to, hopefully, still building units on that property," he
said.

Hamilton proposed rezoning Hawthorne lot four at the northeast corner of
Basswood Street and Hawthorne Boulevard; lots six and seven at of Cooper and
Hawthorne boulevards; and lot nine at the northwest corner of Cheatham Court and
Hawthorne.

During the public hearing, Councilman Charlie Rutt asked whether seniors would
be the renters.

"No, this is family. It would be affordable housing," Hamilton answered, with no
income guidelines. "There's a 7-foot fence that would go around the perimeter."

Resident Kevin Timbers said he has lived in Hawthorne since 2007 and is
concerned that -- because run-off from the development site leaves his house
with a "moat" on three sides -- developing an apartment complex would increase
the problem.

"That's my biggest concern -- the amount of water that would be produced,"
Timbers said.

Hamilton showing Timbers how water would avoid Timbers' property.

"The water would be channeled," Hamilton said.

Resident Jim DeWoskin said a proposed privacy fence would not provide much
privacy from someone on third- or fourth-floor balcony.

"What good is a 7-foot fence going to do when someone in a 30-foot structure is
looking down into my kitchen?" DeWoskin asked. "There's a total lack of
privacy."

Resident Ed Bechhold said he expects the development to add to traffic.

Resident David Ewing said an inch of rain can add a quarter million gallons of
run-off to the drainage-challenged area.

Resident Carrie Ewing said large apartment buildings would impact the
community's character negatively.

Resident Doris Doss said residents want the neighborhood character protected.

"These are among the most expensive houses in Warrensburg," she said. "You can
build those apartments somewhere else."

After the public hearing, the council considered the three zoning requests.

Rutt asked Carroll define the difference between the present R-3 and the
proposed R-4 zoning for lots four and nine.

"Apartments are allowed on both," Carroll said. "You can get more units on the
same-size lot in R-4."

Rutt summed up the response: "Apartments can still go there; it's just a
difference in height and density."

Rutt then asked what can go on lots six and seven, which are zoned for "general
business."

Some allowed development, Carroll answered, are hotels, motels, car lots,
manufacturing, schools and retail space.

"So, a variety of things," Rutt said.

Council members Rutt, Bryan Jacob and Casey Renfrow voted for rezoning;
Councilwoman Donna DeFrain and Mayor Robin Allen voted against; and the motion
to rezone failed, 3-2, because -- as explained by City Manager Harold Stewart II
-- passage required a "super majority" rather than a simple majority.

The council rejected unanimously the remaining two votes, leaving Hamilton to
consider how to develop the four lots based on existing zoning.

___ (c)2015 The Daily Star-Journal (Warrensburg, Mo.) Visit The Daily
Star-Journal (Warrensburg, Mo.) at www.dailystarjournal.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151216-1WB-City-council-nixes-4-story-buildings-at-Hawthorne-1216-20151216

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1WB


             Copyright 2015 The Daily Star-Journal, Warrensburg, Mo


                             912 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       Pasadena Star-News (Pasadena, CA)

                           September 12, 2004 Sunday

Heritage Park ready to open;
Apartments for seniors nearly complete

BYLINE: By Mary Bender , Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 621 words

DATELINE: ARCADIA


Affordable housing in this affluent suburb is rare, but this month dozens of
low-income senior citizens will move into a newly built apartment complex where
government subsidies will keep rents reasonable. A Sept. 24 grand opening is
tentatively planned for Heritage Park Arcadia, a 54-unit, three- story
development at 150 W. Las Tunas Drive. This week, workers put the final touches
on the project hooking up appliances and moving furniture into the ground-floor
clubhouse and patio.

Prospective tenants had to meet stringent income and residency criteria to
qualify, and then have luck on their side since 706 people applied for an
apartment. Heritage Park's owners, USA Multi-Family, drew names in a lottery six
months ago.

"Real estate has really gone sky-high, so that's why I was looking for
affordable housing,' said tenant Peter Martin, 65, a retired mechanical
technician for the aerospace industry.

The Bellflower man said senior citizen complexes, particularly those that don't
bust the budget of someone on a fixed income, are hard to come by. And they all
have mammoth waiting lists.

"Some of them were five years long, because nobody leaves unless they die,'
Martin said.

While Heritage Park is geared for "independent living' seniors, features take
the needs of the elderly into account. One of the apartments is reserved for a
live-in manager.

The hallways on each floor are wide, to allow room for those who rely on
wheelchairs and walkers; metal handrails were installed in the shower/baths,
and, in handicapped-accessible units only, next to the toilet; low kitchen
countertops and front-door peepholes, along with large doorways, are the right
size for people in wheelchairs.

At 690 square feet, the one-bedroom, one-bathroom apartments are a bargain
considering the rock-bottom rent: $484 per month. The complex includes 45 units
that size.

The other nine apartments measure 980 square feet, with two bedrooms and one
bathroom, and rent for $708 per month. Every apartment balcony is covered a nod
to Arcadia's warm summers and a balcony closet provides storage.

Common areas provide places for seniors to congregate, from lounges next to the
second- and third-floor elevators to a craft room and a computer room. Because
apartments don't have washer and dryer hookups, the complex has laundry rooms.

Seniors can play cards or read by a pair of arched windows in the ground-floor
clubhouse, which opens onto a wide cement patio.

Hallways are painted a pale cream color, and decorative wall sconces and door
handles keep the senior complex from looking like a hospital or a nursing home.

Last summer, the day developers broke ground on the gated complex, a 90-year-old
man was hit by a car and fatally injured as he walked across Las Tunas. Now,
with tenant move-ins imminent, city officials have been evaluating the safety of
Las Tunas, a busy four-lane street.

Should the mid-block crosswalk, where an eastbound sedan struck 56-year Arcadia
resident Willard Hagen, be removed City officials think that might encourage
pedestrians to walk to the corner stoplight at El Monte Avenue, said City
Engineer Phil Wray.

To make any change, the city's Traffic Advisory Committee with representatives
from the police, fire and public works departments, the Arcadia Unified School
District and a traffic engineer must hold a public hearing. It's scheduled for
Oct. 7 at City Hall, Wray said.

A $8.5 million project, Heritage Park was built with city, county and federal
government funds. The 1 1/2-acre site is bordered by El Monte Avenue, the
Arcadia Wash and Live Oak Avenue.

Mary Bender can be reached at [626] 578-6300, Ext. 4456, or by e-mail at
mary.schubert@sgvn.com .

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

   Copyright 2004 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.


                             913 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Sun Journal (New Bern, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 7, 2015 Thursday

Craven Terrace project runs into financing problems

BYLINE: Eddie Fitzgerald, Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 734 words


May 07--Once again, the $27 million Craven Terrace renovation is being delayed.

The New Bern Housing Authority recently received letters from Housing and Urban
Development and Rental Assistance Demonstration, or RAD, saying there are
problems with the developer's plans for the renovation and demolition of the
property.

Funding has been put on hold and the developer, Evergreen Partners, which is
working for the master developer The Cities Group, or TCG, may have to find
another lending institution.

A RAD is supposed to enable housing authorities to develop their properties by
securing financing. The program was designed to help housing authorities
transfer from low-income public housing to hubs of multi-family section-8 based
housing.

Pete Monte, chairman of NBHA Board of Commissioners, said the board received a
letter from HUD saying there were some questions about the funding and it has
been put on hold.

"It's a developer's issue and he's meeting with them," Monte said. "We got a
letter from HUD that said because of the way we are pursuing the funding, they
want to review it again."

Monte said the developer called him and said he was now pursuing the funding in
a different way and he was working with HUD.

It is uncertain how the delay will affect the schedule to begin work on Craven
Terrace because no one knows when the deal will be closed with HUD. That
deadline keeps moving.

"It's like a normal home loan put on giant steroids," he said. "That's what we
have here."

Monte did not say how the developer was pursuing the RAD funding. The Housing
Authority has lost control of Craven Terrace to the developer for the next 99
years. But Monte thinks the developer will give it up after 15 years because it
will no longer get paid after that.

"We had to jump through so many hoops to get the tax advantages we needed,"
Monte said. "We own the dirt. They own the buildings."

Monte said Wednesday the NBHA Board of Commissioners has not held a meeting
about the funding issue since being notified by HUD of the delay.

"We have not moved on it because it is a developer's issue more than ours," he
said.

Martin Blaney, executive director of the NBHA, said that within the past two
weeks the NBHA received a letter from RAD saying there are problems with the
plans and specs of the renovation project, and the developer is going to have to
fix them. The Federal Housing Administration that provides mortgage insurance on
loans is now saying it will not issue the insurance and without the insurance,
PNC, the lending institution, is denying the mortgage, Blaney said.

"So it's back to the drawing board for the financing," he said. "Right now, I
would think the developer is exploring other options. He has to find someone to
purchase the tax credits and fund the mortgage."

Other parts of the renovation project are still proceeding, including
environmental reviews, work with the Historic Preservation Office, and HUD
requirements, while the developer searches for other financing, Blaney said.

"The developer is going to have to sharpen his pencil," he said.

The Housing Authority was hoping to start construction last fall, and that got
moved back to this month. Now it may start in the fall, Blaney said.

On April 24, the Housing Authority received a letter from RAD saying it was
concerned with the plans of the renovation that included unit sizes, the four-
and five-bedroom units needing two bathrooms instead of one and half, unsightly
interior roadways, and curb appeal, Blaney said.

"They wanted us to come up with something to capture a warm, residential feel,"
he said. "It sounds like issues to me that are negotiable. It's not like other
issues we've had to contend with, like underground storage tanks."

Blaney said the NBHA Board of Commissioners will likely have a meeting or
conference call with RAD officials to discuss alternatives.

"I was a little surprised," he said. "It looked like issues we should have been
aware of earlier. It is unfortunate they are bringing it up now. But they did
and we have to deal with it. We still are hopeful we'll be able to see the
property through. It will be a great thing for the residents. We are committed
to the improvement of our fiscal inventory so their lives can be enhanced and
enriched."

___ (c)2015 the Sun Journal (New Bern, N.C.) Visit the Sun Journal (New Bern,
N.C.) at http://www.newbernsj.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150507-NS-Craven-Terrace-project-runs-into-financing-problems-0507-20150507

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                           Copyright 2015 Sun Journal


                             914 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Sun Journal (New Bern, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             May 6, 2015 Wednesday

Craven Terrace project runs into financing problems

BYLINE: Eddie Fitzgerald, Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 734 words


May 06--Once again, the $27 million Craven Terrace renovation is being delayed.

The New Bern Housing Authority recently received letters from Housing and Urban
Development and Rental Assistance Demonstration, or RAD, saying there are
problems with the developer's plans for the renovation and demolition of the
property.

Funding has been put on hold and the developer, Evergreen Partners, which is
working for the master developer The Cities Group, or TCG, may have to find
another lending institution.

A RAD is supposed to enable housing authorities to develop their properties by
securing financing. The program was designed to help housing authorities
transfer from low-income public housing to hubs of multi-family section-8 based
housing.

Pete Monte, chairman of NBHA Board of Commissioners, said the board received a
letter from HUD saying there were some questions about the funding and it has
been put on hold.

"It's a developer's issue and he's meeting with them," Monte said. "We got a
letter from HUD that said because of the way we are pursuing the funding, they
want to review it again."

Monte said the developer called him and said he was now pursuing the funding in
a different way and he was working with HUD.

It is uncertain how the delay will affect the schedule to begin work on Craven
Terrace because no one knows when the deal will be closed with HUD. That
deadline keeps moving.

"It's like a normal home loan put on giant steroids," he said. "That's what we
have here."

Monte did not say how the developer was pursuing the RAD funding. The Housing
Authority has lost control of Craven Terrace to the developer for the next 99
years. But Monte thinks the developer will give it up after 15 years because it
will no longer get paid after that.

"We had to jump through so many hoops to get the tax advantages we needed,"
Monte said. "We own the dirt. They own the buildings."

Monte said Wednesday the NBHA Board of Commissioners has not held a meeting
about the funding issue since being notified by HUD of the delay.

"We have not moved on it because it is a developer's issue more than ours," he
said.

Martin Blaney, executive director of the NBHA, said that within the past two
weeks the NBHA received a letter from RAD saying there are problems with the
plans and specs of the renovation project, and the developer is going to have to
fix them. The Federal Housing Administration that provides mortgage insurance on
loans is now saying it will not issue the insurance and without the insurance,
PNC, the lending institution, is denying the mortgage, Blaney said.

"So it's back to the drawing board for the financing," he said. "Right now, I
would think the developer is exploring other options. He has to find someone to
purchase the tax credits and fund the mortgage."

Other parts of the renovation project are still proceeding, including
environmental reviews, work with the Historic Preservation Office, and HUD
requirements, while the developer searches for other financing, Blaney said.

"The developer is going to have to sharpen his pencil," he said.

The Housing Authority was hoping to start construction last fall, and that got
moved back to this month. Now it may start in the fall, Blaney said.

On April 24, the Housing Authority received a letter from RAD saying it was
concerned with the plans of the renovation that included unit sizes, the four-
and five-bedroom units needing two bathrooms instead of one and half, unsightly
interior roadways, and curb appeal, Blaney said.

"They wanted us to come up with something to capture a warm, residential feel,"
he said. "It sounds like issues to me that are negotiable. It's not like other
issues we've had to contend with, like underground storage tanks."

Blaney said the NBHA Board of Commissioners will likely have a meeting or
conference call with RAD officials to discuss alternatives.

"I was a little surprised," he said. "It looked like issues we should have been
aware of earlier. It is unfortunate they are bringing it up now. But they did
and we have to deal with it. We still are hopeful we'll be able to see the
property through. It will be a great thing for the residents. We are committed
to the improvement of our fiscal inventory so their lives can be enhanced and
enriched."

___ (c)2015 the Sun Journal (New Bern, N.C.) Visit the Sun Journal (New Bern,
N.C.) at http://www.newbernsj.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150506-NS-Craven-Terrace-project-runs-into-financing-problems-0506-20150506

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                           Copyright 2015 Sun Journal


                             915 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Salt Lake Tribune (Utah)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                             July 22, 2006 Saturday

It's good to rent in Salt Lake Area

BYLINE: Bob Mims, The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 931 words


Jul. 22--The vacancy rate for Salt Lake County's apartments has shrunk to a
decade-low 5.6 percent, while monthly unit rents have edged up $12 since the end
of last year.

Although the midyear Greater Salt Lake Multi-Family Report shows the economic
pendulum swinging strongly toward apartment owners, the survey's authors insist
renters are, comparatively, continuing to get good housing at fair prices.

"There still is a good stock of affordable housing out there," EquiMark
Properties President Mark Milburn said Friday, adding that the almost 2 percent
increase in the price of rent -- $641 to $653 per month -- was not out of line.

"Rents in the Salt Lake area, up until a year ago, remained very stagnant. [This
rise] is largely a reflection of record-setting job growth, increasing
population, rising mortgage rates and escalating single-family-home prices."

Milburn emphasized that even with declining vacancy and rising costs, the Salt
Lake area "still is a very affordable place to rent an apartment, compared with
other Western states," though others in the industry predict rents will go
higher.

First-quarter rental surveys showed that Salt Lake City ranked 11th out of 13
major Western metropolitan areas, coming in higher than only Albuquerque, N.M.,
at $624 per month with a 4.1 percent vacancy rate; and Tucson, Ariz., at $588
with a 4.8 percent vacancy rate.

San Francisco, with a 2.6 percent vacancy rate, had the most expensive rent
average, at $1,656, followed by Los Angeles ($1,420 and 2.5); Orange County,
Calif., ($1,406, 2.7); San Jose, Calif. ($1,379, 2.1); San Diego ($1,233, 3.0);
Oakland, Calif. ($1,216, 3.1); Las Vegas ($824, 3.4); Denver ($770, 6.3); and
Phoenix ($746, 3.8).

Nationally, the average apartment rental was $952 at the end of March, according
to EquiMark.

Although rents locally rose modestly in the past six months, places with two
bedrooms with two bathrooms -perhaps the most popular Salt Lake County apartment
style -- saw a six-month increase of $23, or almost 3 percent, from $774 to $797
per month. No other category rose as much.

For EquiMark's four-county Wasatch Front region, vacancy rates dropped to 5.8
percent from 6.9 percent at the end of 2005. Average rent rose 1.6 percent, from
$634 to $644.

Davis County apartment owners reported vacancy down from 9.2 percent to 7.4
percent, with rentals averaging just $7 a month higher ($613); Utah County
registered a 5.3 percent vacancy rate, down from 7.1 percent, with rents
averaging $646 (up $6); and Weber County saw available apartments shrink from
9.2 percent to 7.4 percent, with rent averaging $580, up just $2.

Steven Erickson, a housing consultant with the low-income advocacy group Utah
Issues, had mixed feelings about the report.

"What's good for developers is not necessarily good for the lower-income folks,"
he said. "Fortunately, the rental price increases are not as dramatic as were
are seeing in the [homeownership] mortgage market."

Erickson says any increase is just more pressure pushing renters closer to the
level advocates see as a financial bubble -- where they spend more than one
third of their income on housing.

"We could see more people priced out of the market, especially potential
first-time buyers, with the escalating value of homes along the Wasatch Front,"
Erickson said, noting that values have gone up nearly 21 percent in Salt Lake
County in the past year. "We may just be seeing the beginning of a cycle of
rising prices here."

Paul Smith, executive director of the Utah Apartment Association, hopes Erickson
is right. Rents have been flat for years, he says, while inflation has eaten
away at apartment owners' profit margins.

"A healthy rent rate increase would be around 4 percent," he said. "If I were a
renter, I'd lock in right now. All indications are that rents will go up and
perhaps dramatically" in the coming year.

Propelled by demand, construction of new apartment units has revived, EquiMark
found. Nearly 2,000 new units were proposed for Salt Lake County this year by
contractors. Of those, 642 had been completed as of June and 654 were under way,
with another 772 expected to begin construction before year's end.

At that rate, 2006 apartment construction will finish well behind total new
units erected in 2004 and 2005 (2,794 and 2,627, respectively). EquiMark says
that might seem more alarming that it really is.

One wild card comes from recent brisk sales of entry-level condominium units, a
popular alternative to renting and often a bridge to homeownership. The condo
factor is expected to diminish as mortgage rates continue to rise.

"Really, the industry is at a point where we see equilibrium, where demand for
apartments and delivery of new apartment housing is in balance," Milburn said.

THE APARTMENT MARKET

--Average rents are up $12, or 1.9 percent, to $653 over the past six months.

--Vacancy rates have fallen to 5.6 percent, the lowest in a decade.

--Compared with other Western cities, the Salt Lake area is still a good rental
value, with only two others posting lower average rents.

--Rising home mortgage rates and home values, and a 3.2 percent Utah population
growth last year, combined to keep apartment demand high.

To see more of The Salt Lake Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.sltrib.com. Copyright (c) 2006, The Salt Lake Tribune Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060722-ST-APT-RENTALS-20060722

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ST


                      Copyright 2006 The Salt Lake Tribune


                             916 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 14, 2015 Tuesday

Tennessee: Mayor Breaks Ground on Affordable Housing Complex

LENGTH: 762  words

DATELINE: Nashville


Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, The state of Tennessee
has issued the following news release:

Mayor Karl Dean, joined by leaders of the Barnes Housing Fund Commission, Metro
Development and Housing Agency and Urban Housing Solutions, broke ground today
on a nearly $3.2 million affordable housing complex in North Nashville.

The Barnes Fund for Affordable Housing, which Mayor Dean proposed and Metro
Council approved in 2013, is contributing $1,558,000 to help build the
23-apartment development at 2121 26th Avenue North, which should be under
construction in June.

"The Barnes Fund for Affordable Housing, MDHA, Urban Housing Solutions, the
Truxton Trust and others had a new vision that will turn dreams and
possibilities into walls and open spaces and homes," Mayor Dean said. "Today, in
this season of rebirth and renewal, we celebrate the renewal of this corner of
our city."

Urban Housing Solutions, a Nashville nonprofit, received funds to purchase,
demolish and redevelop the property, an abandoned multi-family complex that was
foreclosed after a troubled recent history. The property fell into disrepair,
was a site of illegal dumping and incurred numerous Metro health and codes
violations. In addition to providing 23 new units of affordable housing, the
project marks a significant turnaround for the property.

The development will have eight studio and efficiency apartments, 12 one-bedroom
flats and three two-bedroom flats.

"This is what we love to do: take an old, dilapidated site and turn it into
affordable housing that is new, fresh and modern," said Rusty Lawrence,
executive director of Urban Housing Solutions.

To supplement the Barnes Fund dollars, MDHA is contributing $805,975 from the
HOME Investment Partnership, a federal Department of Housing and Urban
Development program that MDHA operates for the city of Nashville. Truxton Trust
is providing $803,206 in private financing.

"MDHA is happy to contribute HOME funding to support Urban Housing Solutions and
other Barnes Fund projects to increase affordable housing opportunities in
Nashville," said Jim Harbison, executive director of MDHA. "These federal funds
provide financing to nonprofit developers for the construction of apartments for
very low-income people."

"For 10 years, we've made 'Doing the right thing' core to who we are as a
company. This applies to serving our clients and also serving the communities
where we do business. Helping provide affordable housing in the Nashville
community is an extension of this principle," said Andrew Ritter, assistant vice
president of Truxton Trust.

Metro Government established the Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission in
2013 to develop a fund to provide a local, flexible method for increasing the
supply of affordable housing in Davidson County. The Barnes Fund for Affordable
Housing grant program was established with an initial grant of more than $3
million to help non-profit affordable housing developers provide quality
affordable housing to residents with limited means.

Mayor Dean announced last month that the first $5 million Metro will receive
from the sale of the Nashville Convention Center for redevelopment, pending
council approval, will be put into the Barnes Fund.

The fund targets low-income households earning less than 60 percent of the HUD
median family income, adjusted for family size. That equals $40,140 or less for
a family of four. The fund makes competitive grants to nonprofit housing
developers. Grants include funding for renovation or construction of affordable
home-ownership and rental opportunities.

The Barnes Fund also has given two grants totaling $149,052 to the Woodbine
Community Organization to build two Single Room Occupancy (SRO) homes at 1013
43rd Avenue North and 1540 14th Avenue North. Each home consists of 7 SRO units
and will serve persons with incomes at or below 30 percent of the median family
income. Both homes have been completed and are fully leased.

Be A Helping Hand Foundation, another Barnes Fund recipient, is expected to
start work on two multi-family units at 2106 14th Avenue North and 1823 12th
Avenue North by next week.

In conjunction with the Barnes Fund, MDHA has awarded $1.3 million in HOME funds
to build affordable housing for Nashvillians making less than 60 percent of area
median income.

Metro Government contracts with The Housing Fund Inc., a private, non-profit
organization, to manage and administer the Barnes Fund.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             917 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 13, 2015 Monday

Tennessee: Mayor Breaks Ground on Affordable Housing Complex

LENGTH: 762  words

DATELINE: Nashville


Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, The state of Tennessee
has issued the following news release:

Mayor Karl Dean, joined by leaders of the Barnes Housing Fund Commission, Metro
Development and Housing Agency and Urban Housing Solutions, broke ground today
on a nearly $3.2 million affordable housing complex in North Nashville.

The Barnes Fund for Affordable Housing, which Mayor Dean proposed and Metro
Council approved in 2013, is contributing $1,558,000 to help build the
23-apartment development at 2121 26th Avenue North, which should be under
construction in June.

"The Barnes Fund for Affordable Housing, MDHA, Urban Housing Solutions, the
Truxton Trust and others had a new vision that will turn dreams and
possibilities into walls and open spaces and homes," Mayor Dean said. "Today, in
this season of rebirth and renewal, we celebrate the renewal of this corner of
our city."

Urban Housing Solutions, a Nashville nonprofit, received funds to purchase,
demolish and redevelop the property, an abandoned multi-family complex that was
foreclosed after a troubled recent history. The property fell into disrepair,
was a site of illegal dumping and incurred numerous Metro health and codes
violations. In addition to providing 23 new units of affordable housing, the
project marks a significant turnaround for the property.

The development will have eight studio and efficiency apartments, 12 one-bedroom
flats and three two-bedroom flats.

"This is what we love to do: take an old, dilapidated site and turn it into
affordable housing that is new, fresh and modern," said Rusty Lawrence,
executive director of Urban Housing Solutions.

To supplement the Barnes Fund dollars, MDHA is contributing $805,975 from the
HOME Investment Partnership, a federal Department of Housing and Urban
Development program that MDHA operates for the city of Nashville. Truxton Trust
is providing $803,206 in private financing.

"MDHA is happy to contribute HOME funding to support Urban Housing Solutions and
other Barnes Fund projects to increase affordable housing opportunities in
Nashville," said Jim Harbison, executive director of MDHA. "These federal funds
provide financing to nonprofit developers for the construction of apartments for
very low-income people."

"For 10 years, we've made 'Doing the right thing' core to who we are as a
company. This applies to serving our clients and also serving the communities
where we do business. Helping provide affordable housing in the Nashville
community is an extension of this principle," said Andrew Ritter, assistant vice
president of Truxton Trust.

Metro Government established the Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission in
2013 to develop a fund to provide a local, flexible method for increasing the
supply of affordable housing in Davidson County. The Barnes Fund for Affordable
Housing grant program was established with an initial grant of more than $3
million to help non-profit affordable housing developers provide quality
affordable housing to residents with limited means.

Mayor Dean announced last month that the first $5 million Metro will receive
from the sale of the Nashville Convention Center for redevelopment, pending
council approval, will be put into the Barnes Fund.

The fund targets low-income households earning less than 60 percent of the HUD
median family income, adjusted for family size. That equals $40,140 or less for
a family of four. The fund makes competitive grants to nonprofit housing
developers. Grants include funding for renovation or construction of affordable
home-ownership and rental opportunities.

The Barnes Fund also has given two grants totaling $149,052 to the Woodbine
Community Organization to build two Single Room Occupancy (SRO) homes at 1013
43rd Avenue North and 1540 14th Avenue North. Each home consists of 7 SRO units
and will serve persons with incomes at or below 30 percent of the median family
income. Both homes have been completed and are fully leased.

Be A Helping Hand Foundation, another Barnes Fund recipient, is expected to
start work on two multi-family units at 2106 14th Avenue North and 1823 12th
Avenue North by next week.

In conjunction with the Barnes Fund, MDHA has awarded $1.3 million in HOME funds
to build affordable housing for Nashvillians making less than 60 percent of area
median income.

Metro Government contracts with The Housing Fund Inc., a private, non-profit
organization, to manage and administer the Barnes Fund.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             918 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 11, 2015 Saturday

Tennessee: Mayor Breaks Ground on Affordable Housing Complex

LENGTH: 762  words

DATELINE: Nashville


Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, The state of Tennessee
has issued the following news release:

Mayor Karl Dean, joined by leaders of the Barnes Housing Fund Commission, Metro
Development and Housing Agency and Urban Housing Solutions, broke ground today
on a nearly $3.2 million affordable housing complex in North Nashville.

The Barnes Fund for Affordable Housing, which Mayor Dean proposed and Metro
Council approved in 2013, is contributing $1,558,000 to help build the
23-apartment development at 2121 26th Avenue North, which should be under
construction in June.

"The Barnes Fund for Affordable Housing, MDHA, Urban Housing Solutions, the
Truxton Trust and others had a new vision that will turn dreams and
possibilities into walls and open spaces and homes," Mayor Dean said. "Today, in
this season of rebirth and renewal, we celebrate the renewal of this corner of
our city."

Urban Housing Solutions, a Nashville nonprofit, received funds to purchase,
demolish and redevelop the property, an abandoned multi-family complex that was
foreclosed after a troubled recent history. The property fell into disrepair,
was a site of illegal dumping and incurred numerous Metro health and codes
violations. In addition to providing 23 new units of affordable housing, the
project marks a significant turnaround for the property.

The development will have eight studio and efficiency apartments, 12 one-bedroom
flats and three two-bedroom flats.

"This is what we love to do: take an old, dilapidated site and turn it into
affordable housing that is new, fresh and modern," said Rusty Lawrence,
executive director of Urban Housing Solutions.

To supplement the Barnes Fund dollars, MDHA is contributing $805,975 from the
HOME Investment Partnership, a federal Department of Housing and Urban
Development program that MDHA operates for the city of Nashville. Truxton Trust
is providing $803,206 in private financing.

"MDHA is happy to contribute HOME funding to support Urban Housing Solutions and
other Barnes Fund projects to increase affordable housing opportunities in
Nashville," said Jim Harbison, executive director of MDHA. "These federal funds
provide financing to nonprofit developers for the construction of apartments for
very low-income people."

"For 10 years, we've made 'Doing the right thing' core to who we are as a
company. This applies to serving our clients and also serving the communities
where we do business. Helping provide affordable housing in the Nashville
community is an extension of this principle," said Andrew Ritter, assistant vice
president of Truxton Trust.

Metro Government established the Metropolitan Housing Trust Fund Commission in
2013 to develop a fund to provide a local, flexible method for increasing the
supply of affordable housing in Davidson County. The Barnes Fund for Affordable
Housing grant program was established with an initial grant of more than $3
million to help non-profit affordable housing developers provide quality
affordable housing to residents with limited means.

Mayor Dean announced last month that the first $5 million Metro will receive
from the sale of the Nashville Convention Center for redevelopment, pending
council approval, will be put into the Barnes Fund.

The fund targets low-income households earning less than 60 percent of the HUD
median family income, adjusted for family size. That equals $40,140 or less for
a family of four. The fund makes competitive grants to nonprofit housing
developers. Grants include funding for renovation or construction of affordable
home-ownership and rental opportunities.

The Barnes Fund also has given two grants totaling $149,052 to the Woodbine
Community Organization to build two Single Room Occupancy (SRO) homes at 1013
43rd Avenue North and 1540 14th Avenue North. Each home consists of 7 SRO units
and will serve persons with incomes at or below 30 percent of the median family
income. Both homes have been completed and are fully leased.

Be A Helping Hand Foundation, another Barnes Fund recipient, is expected to
start work on two multi-family units at 2106 14th Avenue North and 1823 12th
Avenue North by next week.

In conjunction with the Barnes Fund, MDHA has awarded $1.3 million in HOME funds
to build affordable housing for Nashvillians making less than 60 percent of area
median income.

Metro Government contracts with The Housing Fund Inc., a private, non-profit
organization, to manage and administer the Barnes Fund.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             919 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       Pasadena Star-News (Pasadena, CA)

                           September 13, 2004 Monday

Heritage Park ready to open

BYLINE: By Mary Bender , Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 625 words


ARCADIA -- Affordable housing in this affluent suburb is rare, but this month
dozens of low-income senior citizens will move into a newly built apartment
complex where government subsidies will keep rents reasonable. A Sept. 24 grand
opening is tentatively planned for Heritage Park Arcadia, a 54-unit, three-
story development at 150 W. Las Tunas Drive. This week, workers put the final
touches on the project hooking up appliances and moving furniture into the
ground-floor clubhouse and patio.

Prospective tenants had to meet stringent income and residency criteria to
qualify, and then have luck on their side since 706 people applied for an
apartment. Heritage Park's owners, USA Multi-Family, drew names in a lottery six
months ago.

"Real estate has really gone sky-high, so that's why I was looking for
affordable housing,' said tenant Peter Martin, 65, a retired mechanical
technician for the aerospace industry.

The Bellflower man said senior citizen complexes, particularly those that don't
bust the budget of someone on a fixed income, are hard to come by. And they all
have mammoth waiting lists.

"Some of them were five years long, because nobody leaves unless they die,'
Martin said.

While Heritage Park is geared for "independent living' seniors, features take
the needs of the elderly into account. One of the apartments is reserved for a
live-in manager.

The hallways on each floor are wide, to allow room for those who rely on
wheelchairs and walkers; metal handrails were installed in the shower/baths,
and, in handicapped-accessible units only, next to the toilet; low kitchen
countertops and front-door peepholes, along with large doorways, are the right
size for people in wheelchairs.

At 690 square feet, the one-bedroom, one-bathroom apartments are a bargain
considering the rock-bottom rent: $484 per month. The complex includes 45 units
that size.

The other nine apartments measure 980 square feet, with two bedrooms and one
bathroom, and rent for $708 per month. Every apartment balcony is covered a nod
to Arcadia's warm summers and a balcony closet provides storage.

Common areas provide places for seniors to congregate, from lounges next to the
second- and third-floor elevators to a craft room and a computer room. Because
apartments don't have washer and dryer hookups, the complex has laundry rooms.

Seniors can play cards or read by a pair of arched windows in the ground-floor
clubhouse, which opens onto a wide cement patio.

Hallways are painted a pale cream color, and decorative wall sconces and door
handles keep the senior complex from looking like a hospital or a nursing home.

Last summer, the day developers broke ground on the gated complex, a 90-year-old
man was hit by a car and fatally injured as he walked across Las Tunas. Now,
with tenant move-ins imminent, city officials have been evaluating the safety of
Las Tunas, a busy four-lane street.

Should the mid-block crosswalk, where an eastbound sedan struck 56-year Arcadia
resident Willard Hagen, be removed City officials think that might encourage
pedestrians to walk to the corner stoplight at El Monte Avenue, said City
Engineer Phil Wray.

To make any change, the city's Traffic Advisory Committee with representatives
from the police, fire and public works departments, the Arcadia Unified School
District and a traffic engineer must hold a public hearing. It's scheduled for
Oct. 7 at City Hall, Wray said.

A $8.5 million project, Heritage Park was built with city, county and federal
government funds. The 1 1/2-acre site is bordered by El Monte Avenue, the
Arcadia Wash and Live Oak Avenue.

Mary Bender can be reached at [626] 578-6300, Ext. 4456, or by e-mail at
mary.schubert@sgvn.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

   Copyright 2004 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.


                             920 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            October 6, 2011 Thursday

Prudential Mortgage Capital Company arranges $77 million FHA loan for College
Park Apartments

LENGTH: 540 words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Oct. 06 -- Prudential Mortgage Capital Company, through its Federal
Housing Administration lending business Prudential Huntoon Paige, closed a $77.2
million loan on behalf of the FHA for Orange County-based real estate developer
Hutton Companies' College Park Apartments. Prudential Mortgage Capital Company
is the Newark, N.J.-based commercial mortgage lending business of Prudential
Financial, Inc. (NYSE:PRU).

The transaction, which is the second multifamily loan of more than $70 million
Prudential Huntoon Paige closed in 2011, refinances College Park Apartments, a
new 448-unit market-rate apartment community in Upland, California. Adjacent to
The Claremont Colleges, the community consists of 22 two- and three-story,
walk-up apartment buildings along with a resident clubhouse that contains a
movie theater, game room, business center, kitchen, and visiting area. The
common area features two pools, two spas, a fitness center, playground, barbecue
areas, courtyards and a leasing office with an attached recreation room.

John Jacobs of Prudential Mortgage Capital's Los Angeles office and Martin Herz
of Prudential Huntoon Paige's Colorado office worked together to originate this
transaction. The team also worked closely with the Los Angeles field office of
the U.S. Office of Housing and Urban Development (HUD).

"Prudential is proud to have been able to work with senior management at the
Hutton Companies to provide the financing they needed. Hutton Companies
demonstrated its operational expertise in the development and stabilization of
this high-caliber asset during challenging economic times," Jacobs said.

Herz continued: "Working with the Department of Housing and Urban Development
Los Angeles Field Office and its FHA lending program gives us an important tool
to provide financing options to our borrowers. College Park Apartments is a
great example of the public and private sector partnering to provide needed
capital to the commercial real estate market and ultimately providing more
quality, affordable housing for California residents."

"We are pleased to have Prudential as a financial partner on this community.
Their ability to execute was an important part of the overall success of College
Park Master Plan, which we believe delivers the best resident experience in the
greater Claremont area," said Scott Felix, vice president of Hutton Development
Company.

Hutton Companies is one of Southern California's leading real estate developers.
Based in Orange County, Calif., since 1977, and active in Los Angeles,
Riverside, and San Bernardino counties, Hutton develops state-of-the-art,
mixed-use, government, apartment communities, office, retail and light
industrial properties. Hutton Companies and its affiliates have owned, developed
and managed a portfolio of more than 3.8 million square feet of commercial real
estate and 2,400 units of multi-family residential in Southern California.
Hutton currently has an additional 800 units of fully entitled luxury apartment
units in Southern California Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             921 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             July 22, 2006 Saturday

Grove House hopes to help its clients find apartments

BYLINE: DAN SCANLAN

SECTION: Pg. O-1

LENGTH: 452 words


A nonprofit that started in Mandarin 13 years ago with one group home next to an
orange grove now wants to begin offering its developmentally disabled clients
the chance at an apartment of their own.

Grove House is looking for land in Duval County to accomplish that mission, as
well as small apartment complexes.

The agency has operated group homes for young adults with developmental
disabilities, plus a brain injury program, a housing project that helps adults
with disabilities rent and share affordable homes in the community, home-buying
assistance and employment services.

Now its Villages Program wants to build small apartment complexes that would be
shared by its clients and those in need of affordable housing, or existing small
complexes with no more than 20 units to do the same thing.

The new program is an outgrowth of focus groups with clients in which they were
asked what they wanted, Executive Director Shannon Nazworth said.

"While some people wanted to live in a house with a roommate, some don't want a
roommate and really need an affordable apartment," Nazworth said. "We decided
the ideal was to create small apartment communities with some set aside for
people with disability."

Grove House began in 1993 with the group home and citrus grove at 2940 Claire
Lane for young adults with developmental disabilities. That home is now a
supportive living facility and is where the nonprofit agency hosts an annual
orange-picking festival and fundraiser each December.

Because state law now says one agency cannot provide services and ownership
simultaneously for people with developmental disabilities, Grove House set up
two agencies.

Grove House Supportive Services is a supported living and employment service
provider. Grove House of Jacksonville is an affordable housing provider that
buys homes where clients can live, and is now seeking to build or take over
small apartment communities, approved by the board after much review and funded
by a $75,000 organizational development grant from Local Initiative Support
Corp. Jacksonville.

Staff has been hired to find and run the properties, and is looking for 3- to
5-acre sites to build small multi-family complexes. Each will have what Nazworth
called "a very involved landlord" to ensure their clients get the support they
need as they develop independent living skills. And two attorneys on the board
will ensure that each small complex doesn't discriminate in choosing its
residents, either developmentally disabled or low-income.

"We can find places in other communities that have faced this and review it with
Florida law. The last thing we want to do is discriminate against anyone,"
Nazworth said.

dan.scanlan@jacksonville.com,

(904) 359-4549

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 The Florida Times-Union


                             922 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  New Orleans City Business (New Orleans, LA)

                           January 14, 2016 Thursday

When it comes to rent, New Orleans still near the top

BYLINE: Lance Traweek

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 616  words


New Orleans ranks No. 10 over the past decade among U.S. metro areas with the
largest increase in renters paying more than half of their household income
toward rent and utilities, according to a data tracking firm.

Washington, D.C.-based Make Room released its findings Thursday as part of a
nationwide campaign. The New Orleans-Metairie area experienced a 4.2 percent
increase from 2005 to 2014.

Overall, the area ranked second nationwide in 2014 just behind Miami. The data
reads that 32.4 percent of renters in 2014 in New Orleans are "severely rent
burdened. "

Metro areas with populations less than 2.5 million have faced the largest
increase in the share of renters paying more than half of their income,
according to the report.

Larry Schedler, principal at Larry G. Schedler & Associates Inc., said there is
no denying that there is need for affordable housing in the greater New Orleans
area. His firm releases twice-yearly market analyses on the local housing
market.

According to the fall edition of the Greater New Orleans Multi-Family Report,
the average rent for apartments in the region is $971 as of October, a 4 percent
increase from May and a nearly 6 percent upswing from October 2014. The figure
includes studios and one, two- and three-bedroom market-rate apartments.

"The dilemma is, the only way you can build affordable housing and have it make
economic sense is if there is a subsidy involved," he said.

Schedler said success is only probable with tax- exempt bonds, tax abatement by
the municipality that lowers property taxes or tax credits.

A majority of the properties built after Hurricane Katrina downtown have
affordability components. But a city like New Orleans is landlocked, and the
cost of land is high. Construction and flood insurance costs are factors as
well. Neighborhood concerns against affordable housing are also an issue.

Michelle Whetten, Enterprise Community Partners' Gulf Coast vice president, a
founding sponsor of Make Room, said a large sector of the New Orleans working
class - those in the service industry - cannot find affordable housing.

"These properties have been the slowest to come back since Katrina," she said.
"It's hard to find units that are unsubsidized and still affordable. "

Local restaurant managers have reported trouble finding and keeping qualified
workers in recent years.

Hurricane Katrina and the levee system failures eliminated more than 275,000
homes. Whetten commended the city's pledge to build 5,000 new affordable units
in 10 years through the Housing NOLA initiative.

"This is a great step in the right direction," Whetten said.

The Make Room campaign, launched in May 2015, advocates for policies such as
inclusionary zoning and dedicated funding sources to boost new construction and
preservation of existing affordable homes.

Angela Boyd, managing director of Make Room, said the advocacy group will
continue "working hand in hand with cities across the country to work toward
solutions. "

Nationwide, about 11.4 million families, or 26.4 percent of the 43.1 million
U.S. renter households, spend at least half their income on rent, according to
2014 Census data. That's up from 11.2 million in 2013.

"The shortage of affordable rental homes is a worsening, nationwide problem that
must be addressed," Boyd said. "Focus tends to center around affordability
issues in high-density, high-cost coastal cities, but the data shows that
mid-size cities across the country have felt the squeeze most during the past
decade. "

To sign up for free CityBusiness Daily Updates, click here.

http://www.neworleanscitybusiness.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more
from this resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             923 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                          November 11, 2009 Wednesday

Rialto extends agreement with home-rehab consultant

BYLINE: Josh Dulaney, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 376 words


RIALTO - The city is snapping up foreclosed homes for rehabilitation, and
officials here have increased compensation to the consulting firm they say is
helping to make it happen.

The City Council has approved an increase from $45,000 to $110,000 to
Chino-based CivicStone, which facilitates public-private partnerships to
eliminate blight through the purchase, rehabilitation and resale or renting of
foreclosed homes.

The increase was enacted through an amendment to an agreement forged in May.
Since that time the company has worked with city staff to coordinate the
purchase of 12 foreclosed single-family homes and two foreclosed multi-family
homes.

Officials estimate in the next nine months they can bring the total of
foreclosed homes purchased to more than 40.

The company also helps the city manage a down payment assistance program which,
like the rental and resale programs, falls under the city's use of $5.4 million
in funding from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development's
Neighborhood Stabilization Program.

"The funding for the program is all from the NSP grant, so the consultant
expenses in this case are all reimbursed by the federal government," said Robb
Steel, the city's economic development director, in a report to officials at
Tuesday night's City Council meeting.

CivicStone has worked with the city for more than a decade. The company in July
crafted the city's grant application for $10 million in NSP Round 2 funds.

The company submits all the reports that are required by the federal government
on a quarterly basis. Its compensation is based on time and materials, Steel
told the council.

The initial $45,000 has been exhausted, he said.

That's not necessarily a bad thing, according to one official who joined two
others in voting for the amended agreement.

"The program has been working out really good," Councilman Joe Baca Jr. said
Wednesday. "We've been trying to deal with blight as best we can and trying to
get people to become homeowners. We've got to try and keep the dream alive for
people to become homeowners."

Councilman Ed Scott voted against the increase. On Wednesday he said he had
concerns about how CivicStone selects its development partners.

Councilwoman Deborah Robertson was not present for the vote.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             924 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                            February 24, 2003 Monday

Boise-area apartment vacancy rate tops 11 percent

BYLINE: Brad Carlson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 575 words


A year after reaching a five-year high, the average vacancy rate in Boise-area
apartment complexes has jumped even higher.

Ada Real Estate Surveys pegged average vacancy in Ada County apartment complexes
at 11.39 percent in late January -- reportedly a 15-year-high -- compared to 9.2
percent a year earlier. The survey is a partnership of Cathy Rosera of Hammack
Management and Moe Therrien of Mountain States Appraisal.

"While the results show an 11.39 percent vacancy rate, some reluctance in survey
respondents suggests true vacancy is higher, probably in the range of 13 to 14
percent," they said in the cover letter. "Luxury complexes have the highest
vacancies, at 16 percent-plus."

High-end complexes have been hardest-hit by a trend toward many residents taking
advantage of low-interest mortgages to buy their first homes, Rosera and
Therrien said.

Multi-family housing analysts say an average vacancy rate of 5 percent
represents a balance between supply demand. Vacancy averaged 2.7 percent two
years ago in the Boise area.

"I can't imagine anyone that owns apartments that is getting a return, if they
have any loans at all," said Jim Tomlinson, who owns market-rate and subsidized
apartment complexes in Ada and Canyon counties. "The market is over-built,
particularly at the upper end, and with the slowdown in job growth, the
prospects for a quick turn-around are not good."

Average monthly rent per square foot remains at its year-ago level -- 78 cents
per square foot, according to the survey. But many landlords are offering
concessions such as one month rent-free on a one-year lease, Rosera and Therrien
said.

In a presentation at the Boise Commercial Real Estate Symposium Feb. 11,
Therrien said apartment vacancy is at a 15-year high. Although vacancy is
typically two to three percent higher in January than in July or October, the
market has been hit hard by job losses, smaller population gains, new apartment
complexes opening, and many tenants leaving to buy houses. Landlords get some
relief from reductions in their own financing costs, he added.

Skip Anderson, president of Riverside Management Co. in Boise, estimated average
vacancy for apartment, multi-plex and single-family rentals combined at 15 to 18
percent.

"The vast majority of vacancies have been created from home purchases," he said.
He added: "We have seen a small percentage, recently, of people moving out of
state."

Anderson said, "It also seems recently, that rather than new people coming in,
what's left of the rental population is moving around from one property to
another. Those places staying rented currently have either lower rents or
specials."

The most recent quarterly report covered 12,756 units in non-subsidized
complexes with 16 units or more -- up from 12,409 in the October quarter as
three complexes were added. A new complex is surveyed after an initial lease-up
period.

About 335 units are under construction, in various states of completion, "adding
to this soft market," Rosera and Therrien said. "We do not anticipate any
significant changes in the market into the summer of 2003."

From December 2001 to December 2002 in the Boise MSA, non-farm unemployment
increased from 4.7 percent to 5.1 percent, according to the Idaho Department of
Labor. The area gained 1,200 jobs during the year -- including multiple jobs
held by one worker -- but the number of people working decreased from 241,100 to
235,500.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             925 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The East Bay Times (California)

                             March 31, 2017 Friday

Hayward council balks at easing granny-unit restrictions

BYLINE: Darin Moriki

LENGTH: 823 words



HIGHLIGHT: Hayward is considering easing restrictions to allow more granny units
in response to the Bay Area's housing crisis.


HAYWARD - New state law changes that will allow more property owners to build
granny or in-law units is getting push-back from some City Council members who
fear lifting restrictions will make traffic and parking worse in some
neighborhoods.

The changes, signed by Gov. Jerry Brown in September, invalidated the city's
previous building and zoning restrictions on what planners call accessory
dwelling units, but are commonly referred to as granny or in-law units. They are
living spaces built on the same property as houses, with permanent sleeping,
eating, cooking and sanitation areas.

Hayward must consider relaxed regulations "in an effort to address some of the
housing crisis that we're facing in this region," city planning manager Sara
Buizer told the City Council at its March 14 meeting.

Parking, for instance, cannot be required for granny units under certain
instances, such as when one is located half a mile or less from public transit,
or is being added to an existing owner-occupied house.

The new state law also requires that the city approve granny-unit building
permit applications within 120 days if they meet basic safety, zoning and
building code standards.

"We really have a lot of limitations on what we can and cannot regulate and how
we can regulate it," Buizer said.

However, some council members say easing restrictions comes with a price.

"I think we're all committed to more housing options and building more
affordable housing ... but I think this is going to change the way our
neighborhoods look," Councilman Mark Salinas said.

The city's proposed regulations would allow three dwelling types - internal,
attached and detached units - to be built in single-family or multi-family zoned
neighborhoods on properties with an existing house.

Freestanding granny units were not permitted in Hayward until the new state law
took effect in January, Buizer said.

Homeowners would not have to provide parking for one-bedroom or studio granny
units under the city's proposed guidelines. Those with two bedrooms, however,
would be required to have two parking spaces.

In cases where garages are converted to an accessory dwelling unit, proposed
regulations would allow homeowners to replace that parking space by expanding
their paved driveways.

"We don't want to overburden our streets with the required parking, so we want
the lot itself to accommodate the required parking," Buizer said.

Attached or detached units must be either no larger than 1,200 square feet or
half of the main house, and be set back at least 5 feet from the side and rear
property lines.

Bill Mulgrew, executive director of Rental Housing Association of Southern
Alameda County, said his group supports the proposed regulation changes but
recommends allowing more than one granny unit on larger lots.

"Certainly the most dependable mitigator of our housing crisis is an increase in
the housing supply available to our residents, and anything we can do to avail
ourselves of additional housing is a good thing within the bounds of
reasonableness," he said.

However, some council members expressed concern about the effect on
neighborhoods.

"Essentially what we're doing is converting single-family developments into
multi-family developments" without consideration for the neighbors, Councilman
Marvin Peixoto said at the meeting.

"It's good that we deal with affordable housing in the various ways that we can,
but these people have rights, too. I feel so sorry for some of these older
people in their 80s who spent their whole lives there and have nowhere to go;
they're basically captive in their own home," he said.

A state provision allowing granny units to be built on top of garages is
concerning, since Hayward is in an earthquake-prone area, Councilwoman Sara
Lamnin said.

Councilman Al Mendall said building granny units in some city neighborhoods
would not make sense and could exacerbate parking shortages.

"There are neighborhoods in Hayward, where the law as it exists is probably
fine, with mine being a good example. There's lots of parking in the street,
there's two-car garages, two cars in the driveway and they're big homes, but if
you add another car, it would be OK," Mendall said.

"But in neighborhoods where parking is impacted and it is crowded already, to
say that the city has no ability to restrict really burns me," he said.

Councilman Francisco Zermeno agreed.

"I see this as us creating car overkill," he said.

"The ideas can be good in certain areas, but not blanket coverage, and that's
where your task is going to be difficult to say, 'Sorry, in these areas you
cannot build,' " he said.

Hayward's proposed granny unit laws will be vetted at public meetings before
being brought back to the city Planning Commission and City Council in June or
July for final review. The laws also must be approved by the state Department of
Housing and Community Development.

Contact Darin Moriki at 510-293-2480 or follow him at Twitter.com/darinmoriki.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2017 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             926 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                               May 8, 2006 Monday

LEGISLATIVE UPDATE

SECTION: BUSINESS TAB; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 211  words


Pending city and county legislation affecting businesses:

City

Ordinance 13-06 - Amended Harbor Line for Bert Jabin Yacht Yard, 7310 Edgewood
Road on Back Creek. Pending.

Resolution 10-06 - Annexes Samaras Property, contiguous to the city line
southwest side of Bay Ridge Road across the street from Georgetown Road.
Pending.

Ordinance 12-06 - Provides B2 Community Shopping zoning for Samaras property.
Pending.

Ordinance 11-06 - Reduces density in multi-family housing projects in the BCE
Zoning Districts by increasing minimum square footage requirement. Pending.

Ordinance 8-06 - Bars pawnbrokers from selling property for at least 30 days
except when redeemed by pawn ticket and requires them to turn stolen merchandise
over to police without payment. Approved.

Ordinance 7-06 -Requires that rental leases clearly spell out maintenance
responsibilities. Pending.

Ordinance 4-06 - Allows the Department of Planning and Zoning to sell or to
permit to be sold affordable housing units in housing developments to approved
non-profit organizations. Pending.

County

Bill No. 29-06 - Allows tanning salons as a permitted use in C2-commercial
office districts. Pending

Bill No. 19-06 - Makes multifamily dwellings a permitted use in commercial
revitalization areas. Status: Pending.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2006 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             927 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                          November 12, 2014 Wednesday
                              Buffalo News Edition

Out-of-town investor's interest is positive sign for local market

SECTION: B,B; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 1047 words


A developer from Ohio is hoping to turn a decaying former warehouse in
Larkinville into the city's next big apartment complex, as it seeks to
capitalize on Buffalo's momentum for its first foray into New York State.

Cincinnati-based Miller-Valentine Group said it would spend $26 million to
convert the 238,000-square-foot, eight-story industrial site at 545 Swan St.
into a mixture of apartments, underground parking and first-floor commercial
space.

Plans call for 120 to 148 apartments, with a blend of one-, two- or
three-bedroom units, said senior developer Anthony Ceroy. Specific sizes of the
units are still being determined, but "it would be comparable to what's in the
market currently."

The apartments would also be a combination of market-rate rents and some
affordable housing units that would be subsidized through the use of historic
tax credits or other state and federal funding. At the moment, at least, there
are no plans to seek other tax breaks on the local or state level, Ceroy said.

"We have not contemplated or requested anything of the like," he said. "We're
definitely not ruling them out."

In addition, the first floor would be used for both tenant parking and some
other commercial, retail or even restaurant space. That is still being
determined, but "hopefully will complement the continued growth of Larkinville
well into the future," Ceroy said.

Buffalo has been seeing a tremendous surge of investment and redevelopment
activity, particularly involving the conversion of historic industrial or
commercial buildings into new residential, retail and office space. Such
adaptive reuse projects are transforming the landscape in the city, particularly
in downtown, the Cobblestone District and Larkinville.

But the proposed project by Miller-Valentine represents another rare occurrence
in Western New York. Where most of the past and current activity involves either
a local developer, a local sponsor or at least local money, this project
features a developer from outside the region.

"It shows that out-of-town investment has us on their radar in a positive way,"
said Gunner Tronolone, broker at M.J. Peterson Corp.

That's a sign of a healthier real estate market, when national investors want to
put their money to work locally. "It's more opportunities for sellers to market
properties and possibly increase the sale price due to competition," said Howard
J. Saperston Jr., chairman of brokerage Saperston Real Estate. "It lets the
outside world know that Buffalo is alive and kicking and welcomes 'outsiders.' "

And observers say this could be exactly what is needed to help keep the
development ball rolling.

"Buffalo was in an ice cube for years, but it is now alive and growing, and the
prices are going to reflect this fact as they continue to rise," said Anthony
Kissling, one of the few successful out-of-town real estate investors in
Buffalo. "It may be hard to grasp this concept now, but it won't be long before
Buffalo will be one of the most sought after cities in the East."

It also shows the degree to which word is spreading. "There's been a tremendous
amount of press, kind of encompassing the overall revitalization and investment
in the city of Buffalo," Ceroy said. "What's going on in Buffalo isn't going on
in a lot of places in the country. To have so much momentum and so much behind
it, it's a tremendous opportunity from a real estate developer's standpoint to
be a part of it."

Howard Zemsky, the managing partner of Larkin Development Group and driving
force behind the Larkinville momentum, agreed.

"There is clearly a lot of buzz nationally about the Buffalo turnaround story,"
he said in an email, citing positive articles in Fortune, Forbes, Washington
Post, and New York Times. "We're attracting the interest of national companies
and developers. That is why the rate of positive change in Buffalo is only going
to accelerate, we're in a virtuous cycle ... finally."

This is the first project in New York State for Miller-Valentine, which has
completed projects in 20 states. The firm, which began in 1963 as a small
general contractor, now offers construction, leasing, property management and
brokerage services, while developing multi-family and senior housing.

It has affordable housing in 14 states, luxury housing in three states, senior
living in nine states, and single-family rental homes in three states. It also
runs military housing at the Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio. The firm
owns 11,000 apartments and operates another 2,000 for clients, making it the
eighth-largest apartment company in the country.

Ceroy said the firm wanted to expand into upstate New York, and its research on
the market led it to Buffalo, and specifically this project.

The 63-year-old building, now owned by Mesmer Refrigeration Inc., is currently
under contract, and Miller-Valentine is conducting its due diligence, Ceroy
said, so "obviously, everything is very preliminary." The firm has engaged
Carmina Wood Morris PC for architectural and design work, and the project is
coming before the Buffalo Planning Board for site plan approval on Nov. 18.

Last year, the Buffalo City Mission considered remodeling the warehouse into a
homeless shelter and affordable apartments but abandoned the plan when projected
costs got too high.

If approved, the Ohio developer wants to start construction work in the second
quarter of next year, with the project completed after about 12 months.

"It shows that we can bring in outsiders and get a deal done, which is not
something Buffalo has been known for," said Cory Haqq, broker at Hastings Cohn
Real Estate. "This could be the first real sign that Buffalo is actually headed
in the right direction in terms of being recognized by the broader real estate
development community."

Meanwhile, Mesmer will be relocating its operations and 17 employees to one of
two possible locations, said owner Robert Mesmer. The company, which occupies
the entire building, sells, services and installs refrigeration equipment for
customers such as convenience stores, supermarkets, warehouses and meat plants.
He would not disclose the sale price, but said it's significantly more than the
$230,000 assessed value of the property. A final decision on a new location is
still pending.

email: jepstein@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             928 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                          November 12, 2014 Wednesday
                              Buffalo News Edition

Ohio developer eyes industrial site in Larkinville for apartment complex;
Group plans to spend $26 million on project

BYLINE: Jonathan D. Epstein News Business Reporter

SECTION: B,B; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1054 words


A developer from Ohio is hoping to turn a decaying former warehouse in
Larkinville into the city's next big apartment complex, as it seeks to
capitalize on Buffalo's momentum for its first foray into New York State.

Cincinnati-based Miller-Valentine Group said it would spend $26 million to
convert the 238,000-square-foot, eight-story industrial site at 545 Swan St.
into a mixture of apartments, underground parking and first-floor commercial
space.

Plans call for 120 to 148 apartments, with a blend of one-, two- or
three-bedroom units, said senior developer Anthony Ceroy. Specific sizes of the
units are still being determined, but "it would be comparable to what's in the
market currently."

The apartments would also be a combination of market-rate rents and some
affordable housing units that would be subsidized through the use of historic
tax credits or other state and federal funding. At the moment, at least, there
are no plans to seek other tax breaks on the local or state level, Ceroy said.

"We have not contemplated or requested anything of the like," he said. "We're
definitely not ruling them out."

In addition, the first floor would be used for both tenant parking and some
other commercial, retail or even restaurant space. That is still being
determined, but "hopefully will complement the continued growth of Larkinville
well into the future," Ceroy said.

Buffalo has been seeing a tremendous surge of investment and redevelopment
activity, particularly involving the conversion of historic industrial or
commercial buildings into new residential, retail and office space. Such
adaptive reuse projects are transforming the landscape in the city, particularly
in downtown, the Cobblestone District and Larkinville.

But the proposed project by Miller-Valentine represents another rare occurrence
in Western New York. Where most of the past and current activity involves either
a local developer, a local sponsor or at least local money, this project
features a developer from outside the region.

"It shows that out-of-town investment has us on their radar in a positive way,"
said Gunner Tronolone, broker at M.J. Peterson Corp.

That's a sign of a healthier real estate market, when national investors want to
put their money to work locally. "It's more opportunities for sellers to market
properties and possibly increase the sale price due to competition," said Howard
J. Saperston Jr., chairman of brokerage Saperston Real Estate. "It lets the
outside world know that Buffalo is alive and kicking and welcomes 'outsiders.' "

And observers say this could be exactly what is needed to help keep the
development ball rolling.

"Buffalo was in an ice cube for years, but it is now alive and growing, and the
prices are going to reflect this fact as they continue to rise," said Anthony
Kissling, one of the few successful out-of-town real estate investors in
Buffalo. "It may be hard to grasp this concept now, but it won't be long before
Buffalo will be one of the most sought after cities in the East."

It also shows the degree to which word is spreading. "There's been a tremendous
amount of press, kind of encompassing the overall revitalization and investment
in the city of Buffalo," Ceroy said. "What's going on in Buffalo isn't going on
in a lot of places in the country. To have so much momentum and so much behind
it, it's a tremendous opportunity from a real estate developer's standpoint to
be a part of it."

Howard Zemsky, the managing partner of Larkin Development Group and driving
force behind the Larkinville momentum, agreed.

"There is clearly a lot of buzz nationally about the Buffalo turnaround story,"
he said in an email, citing positive articles in Fortune, Forbes, Washington
Post, and New York Times. "We're attracting the interest of national companies
and developers. That is why the rate of positive change in Buffalo is only going
to accelerate, we're in a virtuous cycle ... finally."

This is the first project in New York State for Miller-Valentine, which has
completed projects in 20 states. The firm, which began in 1963 as a small
general contractor, now offers construction, leasing, property management and
brokerage services, while developing multi-family and senior housing.

It has affordable housing in 14 states, luxury housing in three states, senior
living in nine states, and single-family rental homes in three states. It also
runs military housing at the Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio. The firm
owns 11,000 apartments and operates another 2,000 for clients, making it the
eighth-largest apartment company in the country.

Ceroy said the firm wanted to expand into upstate New York, and its research on
the market led it to Buffalo, and specifically this project.

The 63-year-old building, now owned by Mesmer Refrigeration Inc., is currently
under contract, and Miller-Valentine is conducting its due diligence, Ceroy
said, so "obviously, everything is very preliminary." The firm has engaged
Carmina Wood Morris PC for architectural and design work, and the project is
coming before the Buffalo Planning Board for site plan approval on Nov. 18.

Last year, the Buffalo City Mission considered remodeling the warehouse into a
homeless shelter and affordable apartments but abandoned the plan when projected
costs got too high.

If approved, the Ohio developer wants to start construction work in the second
quarter of next year, with the project completed after about 12 months.

"It shows that we can bring in outsiders and get a deal done, which is not
something Buffalo has been known for," said Cory Haqq, broker at Hastings Cohn
Real Estate. "This could be the first real sign that Buffalo is actually headed
in the right direction in terms of being recognized by the broader real estate
development community."

Meanwhile, Mesmer will be relocating its operations and 17 employees to one of
two possible locations, said owner Robert Mesmer. The company, which occupies
the entire building, sells, services and installs refrigeration equipment for
customers such as convenience stores, supermarkets, warehouses and meat plants.
He would not disclose the sale price, but said it's significantly more than the
$230,000 assessed value of the property. A final decision on a new location is
still pending.

email: jepstein@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             929 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           November 19, 2015 Thursday

Proposed Monroeville senior complex nixed

BYLINE: by GIDEON BRADSHAW

LENGTH: 555 words


The developer of a proposed senior-citizen apartment building in Monroeville has
withdrawn an application, but hasn't ruled out plans to build in the
municipality.

"We are still looking to identify the best possible location in Monroeville,"
said Kurt Meeske, senior real estate developer with the Clover Group, a Buffalo,
N.Y.-area development and property management firm.

Lancaster Land "" a local subsidiary of the Clover Group "" sought a change in
the zoning designation at the site.

The application called for rezoning about 9.7 acres on Northern Pike from
"single-family residential" and "conservancy" to "multi-family residential."

The change would have allowed for construction of a 120-unit, four-story
apartment complex aimed at seniors. Meeske declined to specify rent prices, but
said they would be "market rate."

Twelve more acres "" including some wetlands "" at the site would have remained
zoned as "conservancy."

The Monroeville Planning Commission tabled the application in July, pushing off
a decision on whether to recommend that council adopt the zoning change.

It remained tabled until earlier this month, when the developer withdrew the
application, municipal Manager Tim Little said.

A number of people who live near the site and representatives from nearby
housing complexes opposed the project during the July planning commission
meeting, with some citing concerns about additional traffic and other strains on
the surrounding area.

"That particular area is not a good venue for what he's looking at," said Lou
Smith, 72, who lives in nearby Turnpike Gardens.

Meeske and other Clover Group representatives pointed out that senior-citizen
tenants wouldn't have children or work schedules that would cause them to
contribute to traffic during rush hour.

For others, the project would fill a need for senior housing in the area.

Marilyn Cohn, 75, vice president of the Monroeville Senior Citizens Council,
said the "demand is definitely there" for affordable senior housing in
Monroeville.

At Deauville Apartments, located near Northern Pike, her monthly rent for a
two-bedroom apartment recently increased by $120 to $991.

She said she and some of her neighbors would move "in a heartbeat" if another
option became available.

"Our hands are tied when you can't keep up with the upkeep of a house," Cohn
said.

Would-be tenants at East Boro Apartments on Ivanhoe Drive must contend with a
lengthy wait to move into the 100-unit subsidized housing complex, which serves
the mobility-impaired and those 62 and older.

The waiting list for "extremely low-income" people "" those who make $14,600 a
year or below "" is one year, according to manager Nancy Yohe.

For low-income housing "" eligibility is capped at $30,125 this year for a
household of up to two people "" the wait is two years.

"There's a need for low-income housing (for seniors) in Monroeville," Yohe said.

An estimated 36 percent of Monroeville's population was 55 or older in 2013,
according to the U.S. Census Bureau.

Meeske said that's part of the reason he's identified the municipality as a good
place for development.

"It is the concentration of seniors, but as important, Monroeville's a good
community," Meeske said.

Gideon Bradshaw is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. He can be reached at
412-871-2369 or gbradshaw@tribweb.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             930 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday

SECRET GARDEN Brooklyn's once-gritty Prospect Lefferts Gardens has views you can
afford PARK 'N' SHOP

BYLINE: and ZACHARY KUSSIN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 1073 words


Call them the new kids on the block.

In Brooklyn's Prospect lefferts Gardens (PlG), an area best known for, well, not
being well known, developers are busy building residential apartment buildings
among the low-rise brick buildings and historic row houses. Nearly 10 new
developments - most of them rentals, not all of them welcome by residents - are
either finished or in the planning stages in this small neighborhood bordering
Prospect Park's recently redone southeast section.

"I always thought that in terms of the built environment, it's akin to the Upper
West Side," says Seth Brown of aspen Equities, which is developing a 50-unit,
twobuilding rental at 520 Parkside ave. in a joint venture with Rezo Holdings.
"It's next to the park [and has a] mix of brownstones on side streets ... It's
lovely." The area, short on both chain stores and artisanal shops, is big on
subways (think the 2, 5 and Q lines). Combine this with the limited number of
affordable rentals citywide, and builders see a place ripe for development. PlG,
in fact, is now seeing its highest level of multi-family residential development
in more than 40 years.

From 2011 through 2016, when Brooklyn-wide median rental prices jumped to $2,550
from $2,250, median PlG rents went from $1,500 to $2,044, according to
StreetEasy.

"It's a neighborhood where market-rate prices are ... nothing compared to what
you see in Downtown Brooklyn," says Alison Novak of Hudson Companies, which last
summer completed PLG's The Parkline. It's a 23-story, 254-unit rental at 626
Flatbush Ave., where 51 homes are for affordable housing.

Prices begin at $1,960 for a studio with oak flooring and in-unit laundry.

Building residents also get a gym with a yoga studio, a theater and a party room
with a bar.

Notably, however, The Parkline drew local opposition.

In 2013, resident and community groups sued Hudson and the state Housing Finance
Agency, reportedly charging that $72 million in public funds had been reserved
for the project without proper environmental review. The litigants later lost
the case, but the development also saw protests taking aim at its height and
percentage of affordable housing, among other things.

Opposing groups, including the Alliance for Tenant Power and Prospect Park East
Network, did not respond to requests for comment.

Hudson is also behind PLG's underconstruction, 170-unit 310 Clarkson Ave., and
the forthcoming 250-unit, CetraRuddy-designed 350 Clarkson Ave. rentals.

"We have a lot of people who . . . want a new luxury building and amenities, but
they want a better price point," Novak says.

Another new building from Anderson Associates is underway at 33 Lincoln Rd.,
which records show will be an eight-story property with 87 apartments.
Meanwhile, developer Brookland Capital will build several others in the area,
including a six-level, 13-unit structure at 227 Clarkson Ave., and an
eight-floor residence nearby at 77 Clarkson Ave. with 46 dwellings, records
show.

There's even more in the pipeline. Over the next three years, 349 rental
apartments will hit PLG's market, according to Halstead Property Development
Marketing, while 86 condominium units will become available, setting a new
record for the neighborhood.

Sam Tabak, whose Simply Brooklyn is co-exclusively leasing the newly finished
192-194 Hawthorne St., where a three-bedroom asks $2,622/month, adds that the
coming L train repairs, which will shut down the tunnel from Manhattan to
Brooklyn in January 2019 for 18 months, add to the "growing interest" in PLG.

Handbag designer Jordyn Jacobs, 30, and musician Noam Wiesenberg, 31, are among
the creative professionals who house-hunted farther from conventional Brooklyn
spots to save money. They moved to PLG last fall and say they're happy with the
decision. They struck a good deal for their one-bedroom with a work space -
"It's pretty big for New York," Wiesenberg says - but it's the nearby green
space that sealed the deal.

"When it snows . . . even though snow in New York can get muddy and ugly, you
can walk outside your door and the park is Narnia - it's beautiful," Jacobs
says.

New arrivals also include young families.

"It's coming into its own in terms of being a familyoriented neighborhood," says
JJ Bistricer of Clipper Equity, which developed The Parkside Brooklyn, at 123
and 125 Parkside Ave., with Chetrit Group. Formerly the site of Caledonian
Hospital, this rental complex - with parking, landscaped roof decks and mod
interiors - has come together in two phases.

The first, with 120 units, began move-ins in 2014; the second, with 130
dwellings, is now leasing, with studios from $2,650 per month.

Bistricer notes that for the second phase, the developers focused on creating
larger units with a nod towards family-friendly sizes.

The ongoing development has some worried about the inevitable change in the
overall landscape.

Tim Thomas, 50, a 15-year PLG resident who runs the community-centric Q at
Parkside blog, says, "When people talk about our neighborhood being 'hot,' it
really scares people. 'Hot' suggests to a certain class of people it's time to
jump in. Sometimes it happens too quickly." He hopes, as PLG becomes wealthier,
that newcomers show respect for longtime residents.

"One of the ways to do that is by shopping locally," he says. "Find your local
beef patty places and buy there." A walk down Flatbush Avenue shows an
oldmeetsnew mix of retail.

Caribbean bakeries and nail salons have been joined by Greenlight Bookstore,
opened in November, a large food market called Wholesome and an outpost of
Nagle's Bagels.

Another newcomer is Triple Threat Bootcamp, which opened a 5,000-square-foot gym
over a year ago.

"There was nothing like it," says co-owner Samantha Ortiz, who grew up a
fiveminute walk from the facility, located at 1120 Washington Ave. "We had
traditional gyms [where] you scan your name, you keep on going.

There's no community, no team effort - and I wanted to bring that." In general,
though, things are changing slowly, which Ortiz appreciates.

"Brooklyn and Manhattan are two different places," she says. "I don't want it to
get too Manhattan for us."

HOT PROPERTIES (map graphic)

1. 33 Lincoln Rd.

2. 520 Parkside Ave.

3. The Parkline

4. 310 Clarkson Ave.

5. 350 Clarkson Ave.

6. 227 Clarkson Ave.

7. 77 Clarkson Ave.

8. 192-194 Hawthorne St.

9. The Parkside Brooklyn

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -Noam Wiesenberg and Jordyn Jacobs say the under-the-radar nabe gives
them bang for the buck and green space that can't be beat.-Prospect Lefferts
Gardens retail is heavy on mom-and-pop shops, as well as Caribbean eateries and
salons. It's starting to get peppered with newer outlets, including a gourmet
market, an indie bookstore and hip cafés. [Tamara Beckwith/NY Post (2)]-The
Parkline rental, opposed Bookstore (below left) is a area newcomer by some
locals for its height, stretches 23 stories tall. [Hudson Companies]-The
Parkside Brooklyn rental has mod interiors and some larger units for families,
plus parking and roof decks. [Hudi Greenberger]-Under-construction rental 520
Parkside Ave. (below) is nestled between low-rise neighbors; Greenlight The
Parkline rental, opposed Bookstore (below left) is a area newcomer. [Aspen
Equities LLC; Jess Pane]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             931 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 29, 2014 Saturday

Executive Director and/or Assistant Executive Director

LENGTH: 533  words

DATELINE: Arlington


National Defense Industrial Association has issued the following Job Vacancy:


Job Summary

Company
    Leominster Housing Authority
Location
    01453
Industries
    Real Estate/[#x200b]Property Management
Job Type
    Full Time
    Employee
Career Level
    Executive (SVP, VP, Department Head, etc)
Job Reference Code
    39973
Contact Information
    Leominster Housing Authority
    100 Main St.[#x200b]
    Leominster, MA 01453

Executive Director and/or Assistant Executive Director
About the Job
Executive Director and/[#x200b]or Assistant Executive
Director
The Leominster Housing Authority (LHA) seeks highly qualified professional to
fill the
position of retiring Executive Director.[#x200b] The LHA has been recognized as
a leader in the
movement to foster collaboration among local housing authorities.[#x200b] As
such the LHA also
manages the Fitchburg, Sterling and Lunenburg Housing Authorities in addition to
the
nonprofit Leominster Development Corporation.[#x200b] Together the LHA is
responsible for
1,800 subsidized housing units and a budget of $10,000,000 million
dollars.[#x200b]

The LHA is fortunate to have a very qualified internal candidate capable of
filling the
position of Executive Director; however nothing has been predicated or
predetermined,
and the LHA will consider all applicants and select the most qualified applicant
to fill the
position.[#x200b] All applicants will also be considered to fill the position of
Assistant Executive
Director.[#x200b]

Minimum qualifications include; Bachelor's Degree in real estate, public
administration,
management, business or related field, a minimum of five (5) years progressively
responsible
experience in public housing or assisted housing management, and experience
supervising a
staff of no fewer than five employees.[#x200b] Preference will be given to
applicants who possess a
master's degree in Business, Urban Planning or related field or successful
experience as an
Executive Director of a Housing Authority, and those who have worked in an
agency with
labor unions.[#x200b] The successful candidate must also have a working
knowledge of both Federal
and Massachusetts State public housing program regulations including; occupancy,
capital
planning, procurement requirements and HUD's Housing Choice Voucher
program.[#x200b]
Candidates who have knowledge of privately owned low-income housing or
multi-family
housing programs will also be considered.[#x200b]

All applicants must possess a valid Massachusetts driver's license.[#x200b] In
addition all applicants
must either possess or be able to obtain within twelve months a Public Housing
Managers
(PHM) certificate and a Massachusetts Certified Public Purchasing Official
Program
(MCPPO) certificate.[#x200b]

The LHA offers an excellent compensation package; however actual salary will
depend
upon qualifications and salary confirmation by the Department of Housing and
Community
Development.[#x200b] The LHA offers a generous fringe benefit package including;
health insurance,
vacation, sick and personal time; as well as a warm friendly work
environment.[#x200b] The
Leominster Housing Authority is an equal opportunity employer.[#x200b]
Minorities, women and
handicapped individuals are encouraged to apply.[#x200b] (M/[#x200b]F/[#x200b]H)

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             932 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 07, 1995, Friday, Final Edition

How to Rebuild HUD

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. A27

LENGTH: 929 words


The future of the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) is in
question as much today as ever in its history. Budget realities are finally
driving decision making in Congress, and tough decisions are about to be made.
This reality, combined with the determination of the new leadership in Congress
to remake many federal agencies, means that HUD will have to change.

Some believe rearranging the programs with new titles will do the trick. Others
want to do away with the agency altogether. Somewhere in between lies the right
answer, and I believe the remaking of HUD should be done around four basic
principles:

Protect the tenants who depend on the department for their housing.

Protect and maintain the good and affordable housing stock of the nation, while
allowing obsolete and unusable housing to be demolished and replaced, where
practical, according to local needs.

Streamline and consolidate most of the 240 existing HUD programs into fewer
programs that accomplish HUD's mission and that generally defer to state and
local decision making.

Presume a partnership with state and local officials in addressing housing and
community development needs, providing maximum flexibility in administering
their programs.

Before this reform can be done, Congress and this administration must come to
grips with an enormous fiscal crisis that looms over the department. With an
estimated $ 22 billion in annual outlays for Fiscal Year 1994, HUD is one of the
largest federal agencies in terms of domestic discretionary spending. It uses
almost 12 percent of all discretionary spending, and it is also one of the
fastest growing departments of the federal government, increasing at a rate of 9
percent per year.

To highlight the depth of HUD's fiscal problems, the current appropriation for
the renewal of existing Section 8 contracts for FY 1995 is less than $ 3.3
billion; in the year 2000, the annual cost of renewing Section 8 contracts will
approach $ 20 billion.

Moreover, as part of HUD's substantial organizational, management and program
deficiencies, HUD faces several complex problems of enormous magnitude,
including FHA multi-family housing loan defaults reaching $ 10 billion, billions
of dollars of backlogged public housing rehabilitation needs and the spiraling
costs of Section 8 subsidies to lower-income families.

Nevertheless, the president's budget for FY 1996 offers little in the way of
concrete solutions to the deficiencies facing the department. At best, the
president's budget requests increases in the HUD budget of more than $ 20
billion in budget authority and $ 14 billion in outlays during the next five
years and then gives lip service to reform through block grants that are little
more than extensions of current programs and that will be micro-managed at the
federal level through what HUD calls "performance-based goals."

In fact, CBO has indicated that the president's budget has underestimated the
cost of HUD housing and community development assistance by some $ 27 billion
over the next five years. This blissful ignorance of fiscal reality in the
president's budget is unacceptable.

HUD is a dysfunctional agency in dire need of reform. The answer is not a
complete dismantling of HUD. Rather, I suggest devolving many of HUD's
responsibilities to entities better able to handle them. I suggest rebuilding
HUD through the development of three basic block grants, by the retention and
reform of three of its targeted programs and by moving some functions out of HUD
altogether:

A public housing block grant that consolidates all current public housing
programs, with maximum flexibility for Public Housing Authorities (PHA) to
create better income mixes, reward employment and tear down obsolete housing at
the discretion of the community. Poorly run PHAs would have to submit plans of
action to HUD, and "troubled PHAs" would be subject to receivership.

An assisted housing block grant, with Section 8 assistance provided directly to
the states. States would have broad latitude to design programs and could, for
example, authorize their state housing finance agencies and/or PHAs to
administer the Section 8 assistance.

A community development block grant that would consolidate, among others, the
Community Development Block Grant (CDBG), HOME, and Homeless Assistance
programs. Funding could be provided under the existing CDBG funding formula,
with 40 percent of the funding allocated to states and 60 percent to entitlement
communities. There would also be a local match requirement with a waiver for
distressed communities.

Retain the Elderly Housing program, the disabled program and the Housing
Opportunities for Persons with AIDS program. These are generally successful
programs that meet the needs of special populations.

Identify the mission of FHA mortgage insurance and conform program needs and
requirements through reforms of existing statutory authority.

Move the Office of Fair Housing and Equal Opportunity to the Department of
Justice and the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight to Treasury.

This Congress is faced with real budgetary pressures that reemphasize the need
for meaningful reform. I see tremendous opportunity for a drastic, yet
productive, reorientation of HUD. We need to shed federal micro-management and
the current "one size fits all mentality" that plagues HUD programs and redirect
housing and community development decision making back to the state and local
level.

The writer is a Republican senator from Missouri.


LOAD-DATE: April 07, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, fred sweets

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                             933 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           February 21, 2008 Thursday

Governor allocates $73M to create housing, jobs

BYLINE: By Steve Geissinger, MEDIANEWS SACRAMENTO BUREAU

SECTION: ARGUS

LENGTH: 718 words


SACRAMENTO -- Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger on Wednesday unveiled a modest economic
stimulus plan that targets two groups -- mortgage industry workers laid off
because of the subprime lending bust and people seeking affordable housing.

Schwarzenegger allocated $73 million from affordable-housing bonds approved
during two recent elections that he said will provide housing for more than
1,600 families and create 5,300 jobs -- mostly in construction -- that will
generate $244 million in wages.

The governor also announced that the state has received a $5.4 million grant for
the U.S. Department of Labor to specifically help retrain mortgage industry
employees who have been laid off.

"We are taking all the action we can to keep people working and rebuilding
California," Schwarzenegger said at a news conference in Los Angeles.

The affordable-housing bond money will help families rent or buy homes in 40
projects in 26 cities, including multiple-family dwellings in Santa Clara,
Contra Costa, Alameda, San Mateo, Santa Cruz and Monterey counties.

Plans in the Bay Area include construction of 119 living units in Colma; 100
living units in five locations in San Jose; 57 at two sites in Oakland; 33 units
in San Lucas in Monterey County; 18 units in Gilroy; 18 units in Capitola; nine
at Bay Point in Contra Costa County; and eight in Redwood City.

- In San Jose, the affordable-housing projects receiving assistance are: Tamien
Place, One East Julian, Tierra Encantada, Modern Ice and San Carlos Townhomes.

The Gilroy money will go to the South County Housing Corporation.

- The two projects in Oakland receiving money are the Erna P. Harris Court and
Habitat for Humanity East Bay. The Bay Point project is also Habitat for
Humanity East Bay.

- The San Mateo County projects that will receive money are Trestle Glen in
Colma and Peninsula Habitat for Humanity in Redwood City.

- The Capitola project receiving financial aid is the Capitola Beach Villas. The
Monterey County project receiving a grant is Valley View Subdivision.

John Grubb, a spokesman for the Bay Area Council, which represents major
businesses in the region, said that the governor's action is "largely symbolic."
But his move, coupled with other steps by the federal government and the private
sector, "can start to add up, have a positive impact and head off the herd
instinct of a worsening economy."

The bond money used for affordable housing is coming from two sources. Voters
approved Proposition 1C in 2006 as part of a $42 billion infrastructure package
championed by Schwarzenegger, and Proposition 46 in 2002, as a housing and
emergency shelter package.

The money from the federal labor department -- a national emergency jobless
grant -- will help find jobs for 8,400 employees who have lost their jobs in the
subprime mortgage lending crisis since July 1, 2007.

"Many of these laid-off workers have skills that are transferable to jobs in
high-growth, high-demand industries, such as health care and biotech," U.S.
Labor Department spokeswoman Victoria Bradshaw said. The affected workers vary
widely, from mortgage bankers to clerical staff.

The department's Labor and Workforce Development Agency secretary said the grant
will be used in 12 areas with the highest needs, including Alameda and Contra
Costa counties.

Part of the money will be used for retraining at community colleges or
vocational schools. Another use is financing "one-stop centers" that provide
various services, including information on the availability of unemployment
insurance benefits.

The governor's stimulus package also includes a number of actions taken in
recent days, including:

-Announcing $69.5 million in permanent low-interest loans from bond funds to
jump-start 14 affordable multi-family projects for more than

1,000 families.

-Allocating more than $72 million in federal funds to provide assistance to
first-time home buyers, reduce the number of bank-owned homes and increase the
number of rental parties.

-Awarding $6 million in grants to help more than 1,500 newly discharged veterans
as they return to the civilian work force.

-Launching a $1.2 million public awareness campaign to help educate homeowners
about options that can help them avoid losing their homes to foreclosure.

Contact Steve Geissinger at sgeissinger@bayareanewsgroup.com or 916-447-9302.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             934 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           December 8, 2010 Wednesday

Federal funding may aid North Port

BYLINE: DALE WHITE and JOHN DAVIS Staff Writers

SECTION: B; ARTICLE; Pg. BN05

LENGTH: 719 words

DATELINE: NORTH PORT


NORTH PORT

With hundreds of unoccupied homes either abandoned or in foreclosure, North Port
could become the next area targeted for federal stimulus dollars to assist
nonprofit home builders in acquiring neglected properties and getting them
occupied again.

On Tuesday, the Sarasota County Commission learned that the federal government
intends to award the local Office of Housing and Community Development roughly
another $4 million for its ongoing Neighborhood Stabilization program.

The county and the city of Sarasota, which jointly operate the local housing
agency, already have been getting Neighborhood Stabilization dollars. An initial
$7.1 million went toward the purchase and repair of neglected homes in North
Port and parts of the unincorporated county, including the Bee Ridge area.

The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development awarded a second round of
funding, $23 million, earlier this year.

Of that, $2.5 million is going toward construction of Janie's Garden, an
apartment complex that is replacing the battered Janie Poe public housing
complex in Newtown.

Yet the remainder is a line of credit being used by nonprofits, such as Catholic
Charities and Habitat for Humanity, to acquire and renovate abandoned and
foreclosed homes in HUD-designated areas of Sarasota south of University
Parkway, north of Ringling Boulevard, east of the Tamiami Trail and west of
Lockwood Ridge Road.

Don Hadsell, director of the local housing agency, said his office will prepare
an application to HUD asking if the next round of funding can be spent in North
Port. Citing census tract data, he believes the area will qualify.

The application should be ready in February.

"Anything we can do to help stabilize the economy in North Port is a good
thing," City Commissioner Mike Treubert said. "And I truly appreciate the county
doing everything they can to help us."

So far, most nonprofit builders participating in the local Neighborhood
Stablization program say they have found a greater demand among their clients
for rental housing than home ownership.

FAX BOX

IN OTHER ACTION

On Tuesday, the Sarasota County Commission also discussed the following:

Impact fees cut

At the request of the School Board, as of Dec. 15, the commission will impose a
two-year moratorium on home construction impact fees that pay for the
construction of new or expanded schools.

The school district, which faces falling enrollment, asked for the freeze
because, for at least the next five years, it foresees no need for more
classrooms.

Because of that, the county cannot rationalize charging the fee, Commissioner
Jon Thaxton said. "The need is not there."

The fees have been $2,032 for a single-family home, $474 for a multi-family unit
and $138 for a mobile home.

The county continues to impose impact fees for roads, parks, libraries, fire and
ambulance stations and criminal justice facilities.

Trolley funding

Longboat Key Mayor George Spoll said the Town Commission this week committed
$41,000 to keep trolley service on the island next year.

Commissioner Nora Patterson said that - with $200,000 committed by Manatee
County and $300,000 committed by Sarasota County - the service will be funded
through Sept. 30.

Spoll said the town will work with the key's Chamber of Commerce to better
promote the trolley and try to get advertisers to subsidize it.

A state grant that subsidized the trolley expired this year.

Exemptions granted

The commission granted property tax exemptions for 10 years on the increase in
value of two historic houses because of investments the owners made in
restorations.

The commission granted the exemptions to Vincent and Julie Ciulla, who own the
Umbrella House in Lido Shores, and Christopher Dagan McCann and Maria Gabriella
McCann, who own the Ness House on Siesta Key.

Pilon rents office

Newly elected State Rep. Ray Pilon, R-Sarasota, will rent space in the county
administration building, 1660 Ringling Blvd., for his local office at $900 a
month.

Neighborhood upgrades

Calusa Lakes, Country Meadows, Culverhouse Community Garden in Palmer Ranch,
Fairways of Capri Condominium, Orange Blossom Community Garden, Sawgrass
Community Association, Strathmore Riverside Villas and Village at Riverwalk will
receive portions of a $58,858 grant from the county for neighborhood
improvements.

Compiled by staff writer Dale White

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             935 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily News (Jacksonville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 16, 2010 Tuesday

Affordable apartment complex celebrates opening

BYLINE: Suzanne Ulbrich, The Daily News, Jacksonville, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 722 words


Nov. 16--Rentals were way above Lydia Cross' means, even though she was working
two jobs.

But then she heard about the new affordable multi-family housing complex,
Meadow's Gate Apartments.

Cross said when she applied for one of the new units she was almost homeless.

"We were 'displaced' as you would say. We were living with a friend," said
Cross, who moved into Meadow's Gate Oct. 1. Cross works full time aboard Camp
Lejeune in the Deployment Heath Clinic and works part time at Onslow Memorial
Hospital as a unit secretary. "It is very hard to find affordable housing here
-- rents are just too high at $900 to $1,000 a month, that's ridiculous. They
don't pay that much money here. We were worried we would not be able to find
anything else."

Eastern Carolina Community Development, Inc., a privately held not-for-profit
housing organization, celebrated the opening of Meadow's Gate, its $9.2 million,
80-unit apartment development, with a ribbon cutting and open house on Monday.

The development, located at the corner of Williamsburg Parkway and Arlington
Meadows Drive, offers 40 two-bedroom and 40 three-bedroom apartments to low and
moderate income residents in Jacksonville. All units will be restricted to
tenants with incomes within 40, 50 and 60 percent of Jacksonville's median
income of $49,500, said Dawn Sims, the property manager.

"The minimum income is $10,860, but the maximum depends on how many people are
in the household," she said.

All of the units are spoken for, and there is already a waiting list, Sims said.

"The lowest incomes -- within 40 percent -- I have 20 people on the waiting list
for two bedrooms, because that's pretty much where everybody fits in this area.
It's crazy," she said.

ECCDI used a combination of public and private funding to construct the
development, but it almost didn't get to see the light of day when the economy
took a turn for the worse, said Mark McCloskey, its vice president and director
of planning and development.

"We started the project almost three years ago in 2007, then in 2008 everything
fell apart," he said. "We managed to put everything back together last November
then worked very quickly. The first unit became available in September.

This is ECCDI's 14th apartment complex in North Carolina, said Keith D. Walker,
its CEO and president.

"We're proud about building quality affordable housing and just as importantly
we've used local people for financing and the construction team and general
contractor -- Quadrant Construction is local," he said.

ECCDI hopes to build Glenn Stale, a 56-unit development for seniors, adjacent to
the Meadow's Gate community. It completed similar developments in Jacksonville,
including Longbourne Apartments and Fox Hollow Apartments.

"We'll be going to (Onslow County Commissioners tonight), and we're hoping they
continue to support us as they have in the past. There is a real need for
housing for the elderly," Walker said. "We already have a waiting list of over
100 people."

Without the support from Onslow County commissioners and the City of
Jacksonville, projects such as Meadow's Gate and Glenn Stale would not be
possible, he emphasized.

"We compete with for-profit developers to finance these developments, and we've
been very successful," he said.

Right now Meadow's Gate is the only affordable housing development for residents
in the City of Jacksonville, Lillie Gray, with the Jacksonville's Community
Development Administration, pointed out.

Wanda Price just moved into her two-bedroom apartment in Meadow's Gate last
week, but she already knows she's going to love it there.

"The location is perfect; I have a five-minute rule -- I have to be able to get
gas, shop ... all within five minutes from where I live," she said. "It's roomy
and I feel very safe and secure.

"I have been looking for approximately two years for income based housing
because I get disability, but it's been pretty hard to find something nice in a
great location that is priced appropriate."

To see more of The Daily News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.jacksonvilledailynews.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Daily News,
Jacksonville, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20101116-JN-Affordable-apartment-complex-celebrates-opening-1116-20101116

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JN


                         Copyright 2010 The Daily News


                             936 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

S&P: Housing Finance Agencies Credit Remains Strong Despite Falling Profits

                           October 14, 2004, Thursday

By Matthew Vadum

DATELINE: WASHINGTON



Although state and local housing finance agencies' profits are falling and their
loan portfolios are shrinking, the HFA credits rated by Standard & Poor's have
maintained their strength, according to the rating agency's annual review of HFA
financial ratios.

The new report, written primarily by associate director Karen Fitzgerald, covers
the five-year period through the end of fiscal 2003.

"It is noteworthy that HFAs have been able to do so well in a low interest rate
environment and that their equity positions and creditworthiness have improved
in general," Fitzgerald said in an interview yesterday.

The ratio of fund balances to assets for AAA-rated housing finance agencies rose
to 24.59 at the end of 2003 from 21.96 at the end of 1999. For HFAs rated
AA-minus, the ratio rose to 15.09 from 12.71 in 1999. For those rated BBB, the
ratio fell to 7.18 from 8.49 in the period studied.

At the same time, the return-on-assets ratio across all HFA ratings dropped to
0.73 in 2003 from 0.84 in 1999, according to the report.

Wendy Dolber, a managing director at Standard & Poor's, noted yesterday that
some housing finance agencies increased their loan loss reserves dramatically
during the five-year period that was examined.

For example, among AAA-rated HFAs, the ratio of loan loss reserves to loans
ballooned to 3.93 in 2003 from 1.11 in 1999, the report said.

"It could be because a lot of multifamily rental markets are soft and because
the agencies have large Section 8 portfolios where they haven't gotten rent
increases in years," Dolber said. "If their nonperforming assets have been
increasing, it is prudent for them to take a larger loan loss reserve."

HFA asset bases are shrinking because interest rates are low and because many
homeowners have been prepaying their mortgages, according Dolber. When interest
rates are low, HFA products are not as competitive because the spread between
their loans and conventional loans tightens, she said.

Standard & Poor's currently rates only one HFA at the AAA level -- the West
Virginia Housing Development Fund -- three in the AA-plus category, five in the
AA category, nine in the AA-minus category, three in the A-plus category, and
two in the A category. It rates one in the BBB category -- the District of
Columbia Housing Finance Agency. Both the West Virginia and District of Columbia
agencies have stable outlooks.

Earlier this week Standard & Poor's released a separate report that looked at
state HFA single-family programs which have maintained -- or in some cases
increased -- their credit strength despite a recession and historically low
interest rates. Most HFA single-family portfolios are much larger than their
multi-family portfolios.

"These are where the rubber meets the road," said Lawrence Witte, a director at
the credit agency and primary author of the earlier report. "If single-family
does well, the strong performance spills over into the issuer credit rating."

More than 90% of the active state HFA bond resolutions rated by Standard &
Poor's carry at least AA-minus ratings, two of which the agency upgraded this
year. The strong performance of the single-family credits has persisted even as
mortgage delinquencies and mortgage prepayments have accelerated, the report
said.

Generally, HFAs have provided good oversight, which has allowed them to mitigate
some losses stemming from mortgage delinquencies. The agencies also have been
able to maintain a reasonable level of loan production, either through recycling
of prepaid mortgages or through the use of new bond proceeds, according to
Standard & Poor's.

While many housing agencies have seen their mortgage asset base decline as a
result of prepayments, the negative impact on cash flows has not caused any
serious credit concerns. HFAs have also employed effective cash flow management
techniques, including the cross calling of high-coupon bonds and conservative
investment policies, the report said.

Copyright 2004 Thomson Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.thomsonmedia.com http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 681 words

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             937 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                            April 18, 2013 Thursday

Community Corner: For 40 years, Community Housing Improvement Program has opened
doors to better living

BYLINE: By KYRA GOTTESMAN-Correspondent

SECTION: FEATURES

LENGTH: 1047 words


Chico has a long history of innovative individuals with great ideas and groups
of individuals with amazing energy and talent. When these forces combine, our
community and the people who live here become the beneficiaries of an improved
quality of life and a renewed sense of purpose.

CHICO   So wrote Jim Jessee in a 2007 newsletter referring to Community Housing
Improvement Program, commonly known as CHIP.

As the self-help housing program marks its 40th anniversary this month, Jessee,
who along with several others, started the agency in 1973 as an off-shoot of
Chico State University's Community Action Volunteers in Education. He told the
ER on April 10 that it was and is "totally exciting" and "thrilling" to be part
of the program.

"I am devoted to the idea (of CHIP) and am proud of it and what it is doing,"
said Jessee, who has served on the board for 37 years, 20 of them as board
president.

Changes with the times

CHIP's original purpose was the implementation of a plan to improve a small
neighborhood south of campus through a housing rehabilitation program. During
CHIP's first seven years, housing rehab was the only activity it carried out.

"We (rehabbed) several hundreds of homes in the early years," recalled Jessee.
"As we saw other needs, we expanded, going into communities and putting in
infrastructure like sewer and fire stations."

In 1980, CHIP diversified its operations and became a Self-Help Housing grantee
through the Department of Agriculture. That program provided housing for
families with an 80 percent median income of $20,000 to $30,000 per year or
$12,000 for single person households in Butte and six surrounding counties.

CHIP is now a licensed general B Contractor. Although it no longer does
rehabilitation, it continues to build affordable multi-family housing, manages
the properties it builds as well as properties owned by others; provides
housing, credit and foreclosure counseling services and has raised money for
water and sewer projects.

1,700 homes in 30 years

"In 30 years, we have built over 1,700 homes and developed 600 units of rental
housing. The magnitude of creating 2,300 units of housing is amazing," said
David Ferrier, CHIP executive director. Ferrier has been with CHIP for 30 years.

While the number of homes is impressive, it's the impact on families that is at
the heart of CHIP.

Gram Feely, his wife Jaine and their two daughters were living in a "roach
infested" apartment complex when they applied for CHIP housing six years ago.
Initially, their request for a rental unit in Chico's Murphy Commons was
declined. Then, in 2007, a week before Christmas, the Feelys received a call.
There was an apartment available for them, did they still want it?

"We were tickled pink and jumped on it. We finished moving in on Christmas Eve.
It was the best Christmas ever," Feely said.

"To get out of that bug-infested apartment and into a nice, new clean apartment
and community was a big deal for us," he said.

"We are the first ones to live in this apartment and that instilled a sense of
ownership   even though we rent   and pride in us. We take pride in the whole
community, all 86 units and the common areas," said Feely, who helps with common
area landscaping upkeep and works in the community's fruit and vegetable garden
on an adjacent lot owned by the city of Chico.

Who benefits

To qualify for CHIP homeownership, applicants must be first-time buyers, show
acceptable credit and plan to occupy the home as their primary residence.
Participants also must possess a willingness to attend group meetings and to
work cooperatively with other participants toward a common goal of homeownership
and community, according to Ferrier. CHIP also assists participants with finding
affordable financing.

Under the supervision of CHIP construction supervisors, participants serve as
their own labor force putting a minimum of 30 hours a week of "sweat equity"
into building not just their homes but their neighbors' homes as well, until all
the homes in a group development are complete.

Ninety-percent of CHIP homeowners come to the job site with no construction
experience. It's up to the construction supervisors to teach them how to hammer
nails and safely use power tools, said Jason Marr. Marr worked on CHIP
construction sites for 16 years before becoming a corporate contractor six
months ago

"We're out there as teachers. It's very rewarding and very challenging. You have
to have patience, a lot of patience," Marr said.

"When we hand the homeowners the keys to their new homes it's emotional for me.
It's my favorite part of the job, being part of people's first-time home
ownership," he said.

Ferrier said it is CHIP's "helping you help yourself" approach that has led to
its success with filling its housing with committed people and in bridging the
gap between being a nonprofit and for-profit agency. The agency is known as an
"innovator and leader, particularly in rural housing issues," he said.

"As a real estate developer constructing low-income housing, we walk the fence
between conservative and progressive. Our self-help approach has garnered us
bi-partisan support," he said.

This balancing act allows families like Juan Coronel's, who live in CHIP's
Martha's Vineyard subdivision in Chico, to realize a life goal of home
ownership.

"We love this house. It is a dream come true for us to own a house like this in
this beautiful neighborhood," Coronel told the ER as he painted his fence on a
sunny afternoon last week.


Community Housing Improvement Program, a non and for-profit self-help housing
corporation assisting low-income families in first-time home ownership.

Funding: state, federal, and local government grants and contracts and rental
income.

Staff: 50; 12 volunteer board of directors

More information: 891-6931; toll free 1-888-912-4663; 896-2261
TTY;www.chiphousing.org


'There's No Place Like Home'

CHIP's 40th Anniversary Celebration

6-9 p.m. May 9

Lakeside Pavilion, 2565 Lakeside Village, Chico

$40 ticket, includes appetizers

$20 ticket for previous and current CHIP clients

Catering by Fresh Approach

Music by Urban Legend

Silent auction and Yellow Brick Road Cake Walk

Costumes or Oz-inspired attire are encouraged!

Purchase tickets or sponsorship by mail, 1001 Willow St., Chico, 95928 or
onlinewww.chiphousing.org

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Hazel Hotel in Gridley was revitalized through Chico Housing
Improvement Program in 1999. (Contributed photos) All Chico E-R photos are
available here .
The old Hamilton City Hotel was transformed through a Chico Housing Improvement
Program into apartments at Broadway and Third streets in Hamilton City.
(Contributed photos) All Chico E-R photos are available here .
David Ferrier, CHIP executive director, receives a home ownership certificate in
1994 from Celeste Cantu, who, at the time, was state director at the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Rural Development. (Contributed photos) All Chico
E-R photos are available here .
CHIP Co-founder Jim Jessee (left), talks with CHIP associate board member
Michael McGinnis in the early 1990s.(Contributed photos) All Chico E-R photos
are available here .
Former Chico City Manager Dave Burkland works on a CHIP home rehabilitation crew
in 1984. (Contributed photos) All Chico E-R photos are available here .

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             938 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                             June 28, 2007 Thursday
                                National Edition

The perversity of rent controls; Imposed limits would not help create more
affordable housing. They would only hurt tenants, landlords and property owners

BYLINE: Bob Dhillon, Financial Post

SECTION: FP COMMENT; Pg. FP15

LENGTH: 1156  words


Implementing rent controls in Alberta, and even limiting rent increases to one
per year, is poor policy from which nobody benefits. Some well-intentioned
politicians, poverty activists, and homeless activists believe these controls
will help create more affordable housing for Albertans, but the truth is that
they won't. Such policies would only hurt tenants, landlords, and the 100,000
people who are moving to this province each year.

Economics courses often use rent-control laws as a textbook example of the
problems that arise in trying to artificially reduce prices. The natural
consequence is a reduction in supply, followed by shortages. In fact, 93% of
economists think controlling the price of rents "reduces the quality and
quantity of housing."

This idea isn't limited to right-wing thinkers. Economists from all points of
the political spectrum, from Milton Friedman on the right to Swedish economist
Assar Lindbeck on the left, agree that regulations that limit rent increases
create housing shortages. Even Communist countries conclude that rent controls
don't work. In 1989, Vietnamese Foreign Minister Nguyen Co Thach said, "The
Americans couldn't destroy Hanoi, but we have destroyed our city by the very low
rents."

In Alberta, we have more homeowners than we do than renters. Implementing rent
controls would restrict the private property rights of these owners -- a very
dangerous thing. The value of the homes of every person who owns a condo or a
house, the silent majority, would be affected. The Progressive Conservative
Party of Alberta needs to remember this before setting up such poor policies.

The opposition parties in Alberta have been arguing that these controls are only
temporary. They also argue that they do not want to interfere in the marketplace
and would revert to free-market policies after the "rental crisis" is over. But
they are not being honest. All rent-control regimes in the North America have
been put in place as temporary measures. But once these price controls are put
in place, they are almost impossible to decontrol. The first controls were
implemented during the Second World War in New York City in 1942. That was 65
years ago, and they are still in place today. Manitoba implemented temporary
rent controls in the late 1970s, and it still has complete rent control.

To say Alberta has a "rental crisis" is misleading. There is no rental crisis.
Rather, the rental market is changing along with the rest of Alberta's economy,
and we are in a period of adjustment. The disparity between supply and demand
will normalize, and the natural ceiling on rents will emerge. This ceiling is
the free-market price that creates a modest return that can be used for new
construction. In other words, if given a short period of time to adjust, the
market will work itself out without government interference.

For the government to obstruct the market's natural course will lead to the
massive destruction of property values and overall wealth in Alberta. For
example, in the late 1970s and the early 1980s,Alberta, spurned by Ottawa, had a
last-minute reaction to a shortage of apartments for the many Baby Boomers at
the time. Alberta created a tax-subsidy program that caused an overbuilding of
apartments just as Baby Boomers were moving from renting to owing. A whole
industry was almost completely destroyed because of government interference and
knee-jerk reactions to a period of adjustment in the rental market. The amount
of wealth destroyed dwarfed the amount money that it would have taken to support
the people who needed it most.

All this doesn't mean the government has no role to play in the housing
industry. If it truly wants to help Albertans, the government needs to set up
more assisted living for seniors and allocate emergency housing funds to those
who are most in need, in case of extreme conditions.

If the government implemented rent controls, it would not be creating better or
more apartments for the average Albertan to rent. It would be doing just the
opposite. Rent controls lead to housing deterioration, fewer repairs, and less
maintenance. They also retard investment in residential rental units, limit the
supply of apartments for rent and reduce property tax revenues, putting a
greater tax burden on homeowners. Perversely, they act to prevent new renters
from getting housing while helping well-to-do renters in rent-controlled
apartments enjoy substantial benefits. Meanwhile, many low-income renters
receive little or no benefits.

A few highly publicized cases of rent increases have led the public to believe
that lack of rent control means exorbitant rent increases and huge profits for
landlords. This is completely false. Rent increases of $1,000 are the exception,
not the norm, and making laws on the exception leads to very bad policy. CMHC
states that rents in Edmonton increased by 10% last year and projects that they
will increase by 20% in 2007. But after five years of no growth in rents, and
enormous growth in other industries, these prices are just catching up to the
market value due to the previously artificially low rents. Too-low rents keep
apartment owners from properly renovating, maintaining and investing in new
apartments.

I came to Alberta because I saw it as a province of freedom and opportunity, not
as a province of controls. I achieved a lot from a very modest background. In
fact, my family and I were renters when we first moved here. I, and countless
others, have flourished in this province. My publicly traded company, Mainstreet
Equity Corporation, has transformed over 5,000 homes from poorly managed, poorly
maintained properties to modern, renovated, energy-efficient homes. We install
hardwood floors, ceramic tiles, new appliances and fixtures, and update the
bathrooms of the apartments we purchase. During the past five years, Mainstreet
has spent millions on renovations and put 100% of our cash flow back into the
economy through wages to our employees, contractors, and suppliers. And how can
we afford to do this? Because we can adjust our prices according to the market.

All of these achievements would not have occurred with rent controls in place.
Mainstreet could not have invested so much in Alberta, created so many jobs and
provided so many people with renovated, well-maintained homes if we were
legislated to charge artificially low rents.

Alberta's previous legislation on rent allowed for innovation in the apartment
industry. The largest landlord in Canada, Boardwalk, was created out of Alberta,
because this province encouraged flexibility and freedom of pricing. When an
investment banker from Ontario lamented to me that all the innovation in the
multi-family industry comes from Alberta, and none from Ontario, I had a simple
answer for him: There are no price controls in Alberta--it is the land of
opportunity.

--- - Bob Dhillon is founding president and CEO of Mainstreet Equity Corp. in
Calgary.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Black & White Photo: Lorraine Hjalte, CanWest News Service; (BOB) DHILLON: "I
came to Alberta because I saw it as a province of opportunity." ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             939 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Union Daily Times, S.C.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             January 1, 2017 Sunday

Retiring after 38 years of service

BYLINE: Charles Warner, The Union Daily Times, S.C.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 822 words


Jan. 01--UNION -- For the past 38 years Marlene Eller Whitehead has done "a
little bit of everything" at the Union Housing Authority, a record of service
that came to an end Friday with her retirement.

"I was hired Feb. 7, 1978 to manage the Lakeside Manor office," Whitehead said.
"I was housing manager out there for 35 years. I ran that office for 35 years by
myself."

After 35 years at Lakeside Manor, Whitehead transferred to the Union Housing
Authority main office in May 2012 to take on the duties of Occupancy Specialist.
Before leaving Lakeside Manor in 2012, however, Whitehead trained her successor
as Property Manager just as this year she has been training her successor as
Occupancy Specialist. Training her successors is just another one of the many
tasks Whitehead has taken on while working for the UHA.

"I do anything and everything, I take applications, process applications, take
the rent, help out at the Lakeside (Manor) office, help out with public housing,
help out with the Section 8 voucher program." Whitehead said. "I do just a
little bit of everything here."

Whitehead has spent most of her adult life working at the UHA, a goal of hers
since she graduated from USC Union in 1972. She said she was inspired to seek a
position with the organization because of her friend Katie Jenkins who went to
work for the UHA in 1970.

"Katie and I have been best friend since we were teenagers," Whitehead said.
"She came to work here first and I worked at Berry Builder Mart. We would have
lunch together and I would come here and I would say to Mr. (then UHA Executive
Director Fred) Cogdell 'I want a job here.' One day I came here and he said 'We
have a job open at Lakeside Manor.'"

While she had always wanted to work at UHA, Whitehead said that leaving Berry
Builder Mart was not an easy decision for her.

"I had wanted a job here, but I had worked at Berry Builder Mart and Mr. Net
Berry was a wonderful boss," Whitehead said. "But I worked my two-week notice
and came to Lakeside.

"I just saw it as a great opportunity and Katie inspired me," she said. "She was
my best friend and I decided to work with her. She was very happy here and I
wanted to work here with her."

Whitehead said that while there have been many changes since she was hired in
1978, the greatest change has been the continuously changing regulations the UHA
has had to deal with.

"There's been a lot of policy changes over the years, just continously
changing," Whitehead said. "Anytime you work with the government it's
continuously changing."

Friday was Whitehead's last day at the UHA, but Whitehead said it was the
approach of her retirement that lead her to transfer over from Property Manager
at Lakeside Manor to Occupancy Specialist at the main office. Whitehead said
that she transferred over in 2012 because it was understood that she was nearing
retirement and the idea was to get someone in as Property Manager at Lakeside
Manor while she was still available to train them. So she left Lakeside for the
main office in 2012 and, now, as of Friday with her retirement, she has left the
UHA entirely.

In the days leading up to her retirement, people have asked her what she plans
to do, and Whitehead said she gives them the same answer.

"Everybody asks me that question and I tell them 'You retire to be retired,'"
Whitehead said. "I do want to do some traveling. I do want to remain involved
with my church. I've been a life member of Buffalo Methodist Church. I've been a
lay leader there for 13 years now. I like to read and I want to spend time with
my nieces and nephews. I love spending time with them."

While spending time with her family will be a big part of Whitehead's
retirement, she said she will miss the family she has at the UHA.

"I will miss my co-workers and people in general," Whitehead said. "I've worked
here so long we're like a big family."

UHA Executive Director Robbie Littlejohn said that Whitehead will be missed and
praised her for her years of service and her willingness to work wherever she
was needed.

"Marlene's current job title is Occupancy Specialist," Littlejohn said. "Prior
to this position, she worked as the Property Manager for our multi-family
complex at Lakeside Manor. She has dedicated 38 years of her life to the Union
Housing Authority. She did a very good job of keeping our multi-family program
up and running until she decided to semi-retire a few years ago and come back to
work part-time. A short time afterwards there was a need for some extra help at
Lakeside and she agreed to come back full-time in order to help us out.

"She's really never had a break in service and I appreciate her willingness to
assist us," he said. "We are going to miss her and wish her well in retirement
too."

Charles Warner can be reached at 864-762-4090.

___ (c)2017 The Union Daily Times (Union, S.C.) Visit The Union Daily Times
(Union, S.C.) at uniondailytimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170101-UH-Retiring-after-38-years-of-service-0101-20170101

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UH


                                 Copyright 2017


                             940 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                                October 16, 2006

Housing boom forces Idaho mayors to grapple with affordability

BYLINE: Lora Volkert

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 446  words


Rising real estate prices and low wage growth have prompted Idaho mayors to look
for ways to increase the amount of affordable housing in their cities. Mayors
from three cities shared their methods at this month's Idaho Conference on
Housing. The city of Boise is considering inclusionary zoning, which would
require developers to either dedicate for affordable housing a percentage of the
housing units they build or pay into an affordable housing fund, Boise Mayor
David Bieter said.

The Building Contractors Association opposes the idea, he said. But Beiter
believes the city needs to consider the plan as a way to increase housing
opportunities and supplement the city's other homelessness initiatives, such as
rental assistance programs the city is starting with the help of churches and
civic organizations. Inclusionary zoning isn't the only Boise housing initiative
to spark controversy. Neighborhood groups have opposed another of Bieter's
housing priorities, infill development. Most citizens understand the need to
fight urban sprawl, so the battles over infill projects are paradoxical, Bieter
said. "The only thing we dislike worse than sprawl is density," he said. The
city has tried to promote dense infill by tweaking building codes to make
multi-family housing more affordable to build and own, he said. Boise changed
its codes to allow up to five stories of wood-framed construction on top of a
concrete and steel building of up to three stories. Downtown residential
projects have boomed as a result, he said. Likewise, the city doesn't require
fire sprinkler systems in four-plexes because such systems would significantly
increase construction costs without appreciably increasing safety, he said. "The
future of Boise is to bring infill projects to the city," Bieter said. He
believes infill can help the city sustain its growth because it uses existing
infrastructure, unlike the many planned communities proposed outside town. Other
mayors have been encouraging infill in their own ways. Caldwell Mayor Garret
Nancolas spoke at the conference about his efforts to encourage private industry
to redevelop downtown with mixed-use development around Indian Creek. Within 10
years the city expects 300 to 400 units of urban housing in downtown, he said.
The city broke ground on the Indian Creek project last month. Pocatello Mayor
Roger Chase said his city had the dubious distinction of having the oldest
housing stock in the state. A quarter of the city's housing was built before
1940. The city acquired a community development block grant to rehabilitate 232
houses and build new second-story housing in old commercial developments in the
center of town.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             941 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            November 24, 2006 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Condos to be built on vacant school sites: School boards, city agree to make
unused land available for up to 1,000 first-time homebuyers

BYLINE: Sarah O'Donnell, The Edmonton Journal

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 626  words

DATELINE: EDMONTON


EDMONTON - Twenty pieces of land around Edmonton once set aside for schools will
sprout condos and townhomes under a deal reached by the city, local school
districts and the province.

The plan, which could add up to 1,000 new housing units to older neighbourhoods,
hinges on the condition that the properties can only be sold to first-time
homebuyers.

"This is a program we want to make it clear is about first-time homebuyer
housing," Mayor Stephen Mandel said Thursday. "This is not about social housing,
subsidized housing or short-term rental housing or someone trying to get on
their feet."

The deal breaks an impasse between the Catholic and public school boards and the
city about what to do with surplus school sites, which developers were required
to set aside when they first built neighbourhoods such as Blue Quill, Tawa and
Dunluce. There are at least 50 unused school sites in Edmonton without any
buildings on them.

Some of the 20 properties in the new deal, which ring the city, have sat vacant
for more than 30 years.

"Because of the way the city was built and expanded, there is no need to put a
school there at this time and we can see no need ever in the future to put a
school there," Catholic school board chairwoman Debbie Engel said.

But the plan announced Thursday also means that 20 neighbourhoods now face the
addition of townhouses and condos on sites currently considered parkland. That
is often a controversial move in neighbourhoods dominated by single-family
homes.

Shane Bergdahl, president of the Edmonton Federation of Community Leagues,
expects there will be some concerns for residents in the 20 neighbourhoods.

Still, Bergdahl supports the idea: "We're talking just a small handful of people
coming in and hopefully revitalizing some of the older neighbourhoods and
putting the land to use."

Under the old rules, the land could have been sold and converted into commercial
developments, he said.

"This is still maintaining the green space, the recreation space and some
housing, not a lot," he said.

Mandel said the program will target young families or couples with incomes of
$60,000 to $80,000 who are currently frozen out of the hot housing market.

"We're talking about first-time home-buyers, Edmontonians with good jobs and
decent incomes who are being held back because of the surge in housing prices,"
Mandel said.

Under the plan, the city will take a slice of each surplus school site and give
a developer the right to build multi-family housing.

The size of the development will be no bigger than the footprint that a school
would have occupied. That will typically amount to about seven per cent of each
site, Mandel said.

The rest will remain green space.

The developed portion will be rezoned to allow medium-density, multiple-family
housing, with an estimated 25 to 50 units going on each site.

The details of the program are still to be worked out and communities still to
be consulted, but the city will guarantee the properties are sold only to
first-time buyers.

The homebuyer will pay market value to the developer for the unit and get a
traditional five-year mortgage. But the city will take out a second mortgage
covering the value of the land. When the owner goes to renegotiate the mortgage
in five years time, they will have to repay the city for the second mortgage.

The city and school districts will share the profits from the sale of the land.
Edmonton Public held 12 of the sites. The remaining eight were dedicated to
Edmonton Catholic.

Alberta Education Minister Gene Zwozdesky called the deal "innovative." It will
be the first time that an Alberta municipality and school boards have come up
with such a proposal.

Three to five sites in Edmonton will be picked as pilot projects.

sodonnell@thejournal.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic/Diagram: Journal Stock; (See hard copy for graphic/diagram).

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             942 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                           November 20, 2012 Tuesday

Downtown Boise apartment project could start construction soon

BYLINE: Brad Iverson-Long

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 477  words


A four-story, mixed-use apartment building in downtown Boise could start
construction early next year, according to developer Glenn Levie. The 916 Park
project will have 68 apartment units, plus 4,000 square feet of ground-level
retail space.

Levie said he got started on the project last year, based on his assessment that
the downtown apartment market could pick up steam.

"The urban, near downtown market seems to be pretty tight and rents pretty
secure," Levie said. "From a business perspective, it seemed to make sense. "

The location of the potential building, just east of downtown Boise and Boise
State University at Park and Parkcenter, could appeal to students, but Levie
said the project is targeting young professionals with finishes like granite
countertops, high ceilings and an elevator.

"We're looking more toward the higher end of the apartment market," Levie said,
adding that some students could afford to live in the building. He said the
building is more likely to serve the workforce of BSU, the St. Luke's campus and
other downtown businesses.

"It's a geographic bull's-eye," Levie said.

David Wali, director of investment services at Colliers International in Boise,
also said it's a good location for multi-family housing, since it's close to
education and job opportunities.

"It's a nice, urban infill location close to jobs, close to downtown and now
close to Whole Foods and Chick-fil-A," Wali said.

Levie said the market for apartments is good for new projects because there's
not much increase in new apartment space, while more people are looking to rent
as getting a loan becomes more difficult for some would-be homebuyers.

"We've gone back to a more traditional, structured housing market," Levie said.
"Not everybody can live in a house. That's helped tighten up the apartment
market considerably. "

The 916 Park project was approved by Boise's Design Review Committee in October.
Levie submitted a building permit, valuing the project at $5.8 million, to the
city on Oct. 30. Steed Construction of Eagle is the contractor on the project,
which was designed by Levie Architectural Group. Levie said the project should
take 10 months to build.

Wali said there are other downtown residential projects in the works, including
some student housing projects near BSU and the conversion of the former downtown
Macy's to 62 affordable housing units. Wali, the spokesman for that project on
behalf of Boise-based Northwest Real Estate Capital Corp., said construction on
the project should start next spring.

Work could start now on the former Macy's site, but the timing doesn't make
sense, according to Wali. He said it's being put on hold so the completed
project will open in the spring of 2014 rather than the earlier winter months,
since people are more likely to move during warmer months.

© 2012 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             943 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                          Community Builders Group LLC

                           424 N. Lake Ave Suite 200
                              Pasadena,  CA 91101
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.thecbg.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Community Builders Group LLC (CBG) is a real estate development company based
in Pasadena, California. Founded in 1999 by Joseph P. Seager and A. Christian
Hart, CBG specializes in the construction of affordable and mixed-use rental
housing developments. To date, CBG has successfully developed newconstruction
multi-family apartments and completed the renovation of existing large-scale
residential apartment developments in Arizona, California and Hawaii. To
facilitate the financing and construction of its developments, the company has
utilized federal tax credits and tax-exempt bonds, along with HUD subsidies in
the form of Enhanced Vouchers and Housing Assistance Payment contracts, as well
as decoupling Interest Reduction Payments from existing 236 loans.  Mr. Seager
and Mr. Hart mastered the intricacies of the Federal Section 42 Tax Credit
Program during their tenure as company officers in the acquisitions group at
SunAmerica Affordable Housing Partners Inc. (SAHP), a subsidiary of
AIGSunAmerica Inc. While they were affiliated with SAHP, it was the largest
Section 42 tax credit investor in the country, generating over $700 million in
tax credits annually. Both Mr. Seager and Mr. Hart dealt with a multitude of
Section 42 tax credit issues relating to both 9% and 4% transactions, giving CBG
the tax credit experience and knowledge to create additional value for the
company and its partners.  CBG Homes Inc., a division of Community Builders
Group, develops infill for-sale housin

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             944 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            September 8, 2013 Sunday

LISC has been instrumental in upgrading city's housing

BYLINE: Shannon Nazworth

SECTION: point of view; Pg. E-5

LENGTH: 577 words


The support the city and LISC have provided Ability Housing has been essential
to our growth as a strong, business-oriented nonprofit organization.

Prior to this investment, we were a small nonprofit helping a limited number of
individuals.

We are one of the few nonprofits in the state capable of independently
developing complex, multifamily rental projects.

Our multifamily production has supported the goals of the Jacksonville Journey
in several ways. One of the five priorities identified in the original
Jacksonville Journey plan was "Neighborhood Safety and Stability."

The LISC funding was rolled into the Jacksonville Journey to support this
priority area; the work of each of the LISC sub-grantees addresses this
priority.

TARGETING NEIGHBORHOODS

For its part, Ability Housing has targeted distressed multifamily properties in
Health Zone One. Prior to acquisition by Ability Housing, each apartment
community was distressed and a significant source of crime and blight. Since
Ability Housing purchased and substantially rehabilitated each property, crime
has decreased.

Each property participates in JSO's Crime Free Multi-Family Housing Program.
JSO, area merchants and neighborhood associations thank us for the positive
impacts on the community. Property values have increased as has pride in
community.

In addition, Ability Housing further supports the Jacksonville Journey in
targeting who we serve. As our mission states, we provide permanent housing for
the homeless, those at risk of homelessness and adults with a disability.

Homelessness is an issue throughout Jacksonville. Ability Housing has been the
lead administrator of 100 Homes Jacksonville, an initiative of multiple
nonprofits and the Veterans Administration to house the chronically homeless.

In March, we set a goal to house 100 persons in 100 days - and we exceeded this
goal. In 100 days we ended homelessness for 106 persons!

As JSO Zone One officers will tell you, 100 Homes Jacksonville is essential to
enabling them to utilize their resources more efficiently. It helps reduce
misdemeanor arrests, frees up officers to address more pressing crimes and
correspondingly reduces expenditures for arrests and incarceration.

PRODUCED MILLIONS FOR CITY

In addition to the direct fulfillment of the Jacksonville Journey plan, Ability
Housing has brought more than $29 million to the Jacksonville community in the
past three years.

This has included equity investments totaling $13.3 million in grants and
forgivable loans totaling $15.9 million and $2.1 million of private financing.

Collectively, the three multifamily acquistion/rehabilitation projects we have
undertaken since 2010 have had the following impact:

- $37.9 million in revenue.

- $23.7 million of value added to gross domestic product.

- $13.8 million in labor income.

- $1 million generated in indirect business tax revenue.

We have achieved each of these accomplishments with a limited staff. Should we
lose the city and LISC's support, we may have to reduce staff.

This will limit our ability to take on additional multifamily projects as well
as reduce participation in important community initiatives.

While we have brought millions to the community, this funding is restricted to
real estate development; it cannot be redirected to agency operations.

The loss of the Jacksonville Journey funding is going to have a real and
negative impact on Ability Housing.

Shannon Nazworth is executive director of Ability Housing in Jacksonville.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The Florida Times-Union


                             945 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 29, 2015 Wednesday

Pennsylvania State Legislature Bill: SENATE RESOLUTION No. 30

LENGTH: 338  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


Pennsylvania State Legislature has issued the following bill updates:

SENATE RESOLUTION

No.


30


Session of

2015

INTRODUCED BY TEPLITZ, HAYWOOD, WOZNIAK, BREWSTER, FONTANA, DINNIMAN, SCHWANK,
PILEGGI, SMITH, TARTAGLIONE, COSTA, HUGHES AND BOSCOLA, FEBRUARY 24, 2015

INTRODUCED AND ADOPTED, FEBRUARY 24, 2015

A RESOLUTION

1Designating February 24, 2015, as "Housing Awareness Day" in
2Pennsylvania.

3WHEREAS, The Commonwealth provides in excess of 200,000
4subsidized, assisted or affordable rental dwelling units within
5its boundaries, funded through Federal and State programs
6including, but not limited to, Public Housing, Multi-Family,
7Section 8 Housing Choice Voucher and others, with an additional
843,000 affordable housing units that have been developed through
9the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit Program; and

10WHEREAS, There continues to be a demand for even more
11affordable housing for low-income families, senior citizens,
12veterans and individuals with physical and mental challenges;
13and

14WHEREAS, The provision of safe, secure, accessible and
15affordable housing greatly impacts the lives of these
16individuals; and

17WHEREAS, Subsidized, assisted and affordable housing improves
20150SR0030PN0507 -1-

1the socioeconomic climate of this Commonwealth by benefiting not
2only the residents, but also their neighbors, local businesses,
3employers and their communities as a whole; and

4WHEREAS, Creating awareness of the needs and the benefits of
5housing assistance is essential to the growth and stability of
6those who are served; and

7WHEREAS, The Pennsylvania Association of Housing and
8Redevelopment Agencies, in partnership with the Housing Alliance
9of Pennsylvania, works closely with their members and industry
10partners to build, develop, support and provide suitable housing
11and related services; therefore be it

12RESOLVED, That the Senate designate February 24, 2015, as
13"Housing Awareness Day" in Pennsylvania.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             946 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 July 10, 1989

Kemp Outlines Actions to Stem HUD Fraud

SECTION: Pg. 23

LENGTH: 713 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Housing and Urban Development Secretary Jack Kemp plans reforms to
clamp down on loss-ridden HUD co-insurance programs.

First, Secretary Kemp tends to take swift enforcement actions against
co-insurers for poor or fraudulent underwriting.

Second, he has started a project to place risk-based capital requirements on
co-insurers.

And he plans a review of all 1,430 co-insured projects.

HUD recently placed a moratorium on new lenders entering the multi-family rental
housing program.

And HUD has suspended two co-insurers from the program and placed on probation
three other co-insurers

But whereas Secretary Kemp is committed to reform the co-insurance program, he
terminated the Title X Land Development Mortgage Insurance Program.

The Title X program was designed to finance the development of building sites
for low-income housing, but ended up being used for golf courses and swimming
pools.

Of the 58 Title X loans insured since 1977, 25 have defaulted and the program is
"riddled with abuse," according to HUD.

HUD estimates the program will incur $ 90 million in losses out of the $ 500
million in mortgages insured.

Secretary Kemp has now ordered HUD Inspector General Paul Adams to audit the
entire program.

And application fees will be returned for all projects that have not received "a
legally binding commitment."

"I promised to root out every occurrence of inefficiency, misuse of government
monies, and fraud," Mr. Kemp said in announcing the termination of the Title X
program.

The co-insurance program has also been rocked by scandal, and losses from
defaulted loans are expected to come to $ 700 million.

In the past decade, the co-insurance program has become HUD's major program to
finance new multi-family housing units.

HUD-approved lenders are given the responsibility to make Federally-insured
mortgage loans in return for taking on part of the insurance risk.

Co-insurers pay a deductible of 5% on any claim, then 15% of the remaining loss.
The Federal Housing Administration assumes the 85% of the remaining loss.

However, the co-insurance program, which insures $ 6 billion in mortgages, ran
into troubled when a few big co-insurers began to default.

In addition, HUD has failed to monitor the program and the lenders have
overvalued the mortgages, according to Mr. Adams.

This includes DRG Financial Corp., of Washington, D.C. which has defaulted on $
538 million worth loans, or "about 77% of the total principal and accrued
interest balance outstanding on all defaulted Section 223(f) co-insured loans,"
according to the Inspector General.

In a letter to Rep. Tom Lantos, D., Calif., chairman of a House investigative
subcommittee, Secretary Kemp wrote that he has taken the following steps:

* Entered into a consulting contract with a Big Eight accounting firm to help
develop an appropriate "risk-based capital" approach to net worth and operating
loss requirments for co-insurers.

* Developed a computerized tracking system for all commitments issued.

This enables HUD to immediately spot questionable underwriting decisions and
take actions ranging from (1) the "jawboning" of lenders to reduce mortgage
amounts to (2) rescinding commitments if fraud of representation is present.
Where patterns of poor underwriting are identified in the tracking system,
probation or suspension will be immediately imposed.

* Developed computer software requesting specific project information ranging
from vacancy rates to operating deficits.

* All 1,430 co-insured projects will be displayed in a database system so that
patterns of poor underwriting may be uncovered.

In this manner, HUD can determine whether there are problems with a few
co-insurers or whether the problems are systemic.  Program modification will be
fashioned accordingly.

* Commenced an exhaustive consultation process to obtain recommendations for
program changes.

To this end, HUD has held a full-day conference with all co-insurers and
industry experts and professionals, including the Housing Study Group and the
Mortgage Bankers Association.  This ongoing process will continue throughout the
entire study period.

* Commenced study of staff and other resource needs to conduct the coinsurance
program in a responsible manner.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             947 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  September 9, 1992, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

'Real money' to help storm's many victims

BYLINE: Jessica Lee

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 479 words


President Bush's request for $ 7.6 billion in federal funds to help the victims
of Hurricane Andrew works out to about half cash and half loan guarantees.

''It's a large financial burden, but the personal and human need is even more
staggering,'' Bush said before a briefing to explain the package to
congressional leaders.

Bush conceded the cost of cleaning up and rebuilding from Andrew's wrath will
add ''unquestionably'' to the $ 400 billion federal deficit.

But while the total may sound like a lot of money, said Robert Reischauer,
director of the Congressional Budget Office, only $ 2.7 billion of it will drive
up the deficit - the rest comes from existing funds.

''It's a substantial effort. It's real money. But looked at in the context of a
$ 1.4 trillion budget, it's not even spare change,'' he said.

Bush, who has pledged the federal government will absorb 100% of the cost for
rebuilding public facilities, urged Congress to ''move promptly'' to approve the
request.

Bush, who's made running against Congress a centerpiece of his re-election bid,
said he and Congress are ''together on this one. This one's going to get
accomplished.''

Indeed, Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell announced his support of the
White House request only minutes after it was announced.

The biggest share of Bush's aid package, $ 3.1 billion, would be in the form of
loan guarantees - not actual cash outlays.

For example, the Small Business Administration would guarantee or underwrite
private sector loans of $ 1.2 billion using $ 220.4 million in cash as a sort of
bond. If a small business or individual defaults, the lender gets cash.

The request calls for $ 1.6 billion in Federal Housing Administration loan
guarantees to cover ''approximately 65,000 mortgages, and loans for the
construction, reconstruction, rehabilitation and purchase of single-family homes
and multi-family housing.''

A spokesman for Barnett Bank of South Florida welcomed news of the FHA loans.
''It's a way to help the banks and the borrowers get together,'' said Bob
Stickler.

He explained, ''What a loan guarantee does is make us more comfortable in
lending and the borrower more comfortable. They won't have to put much down so
more loans will be made.''

About $ 1.8 billion in cash is earmarked for Federal Emergency Management Agency
emergency cash grants to help Andrew's victims in Florida and Louisiana and for
Guam residents recovering from Typhoon Omar.

- $ 495 million goes to homeless or nearly homeless individuals and families.
About 13,000 low-income families are expected to receive rental assistance for
up to two years.

- $ 425 million will underwrite emergency public services like shelters, medical
supplies, health and safety.

- $ 986 million is for repairing public facilities such as schools, city halls,
courthouses and police stations.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, Susan Sterner, AP

CUTLINE: REBUILDING: Volunteers work on a home being built for a Reserve, La.,
family that lost its residence in the hurricane.

AFTER HURRICANE ANDREW

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             948 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Clinton Herald (Iowa)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 24, 2016 Saturday

Housing project moving forward

BYLINE: Alexzandria Bryson, Clinton Herald, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 291 words


Sept. 24--FULTON, Ill. -- Fulton city officials approved a feasibility extension
this week for a development that could soon open up more housing in Fulton.

The Fulton City Council agreed to extend a feasibility study to Nov. 30 for Bear
Development, which is eyeing Section 42 housing at the former JT Cullen site in
Fulton.

Bear Development is purchasing a portion of property known as the former J.T
Cullen site. The purchase agreement for the property was created Feb. 24.

This has been an ongoing project for Bear Development as it has worked with the
Fulton City Council on housing options since early 2015. This project is for
multi-family Section 42 housing.

The program regulations are under Section 42 of the Internal Revenue Code. The
tax credit encourages developers to build affordable housing to meet the needs
of the community. As a condition for receiving Housing Tax Credits, owners must
keep the units affordable for a specified number of years. Affordable rents are
defined and calculated based on median household income figures published
annually by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development.

The residents who live in Section 42 units must be income and program eligible.
The rent that a Section 42 resident will pay is based on a fixed rental fee for
the unit size that is lower than the average market rate rent in the area.

Bear Development said they would take on costs from the city to remove the
hazardous materials from the JT Cullen site.

"This is a $4 million development for the city," Fulton Mayor Larry Russell
said. "I think this will be great for Fulton."

___ (c)2016 the Clinton Herald (Clinton, Iowa) Visit the Clinton Herald
(Clinton, Iowa) at clintonherald.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160924-XI-Housing-project-moving-forward-0924-20160924

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XI


                         Copyright 2016 Clinton Herald


                             949 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              LNP (Lancaster, PA)

                              May 31, 2015 Sunday

Shortage Threatens Economy Well-Being Of People;
Lancaster County Faces A Lack Of Affordable Apartments, Condos And Townhouses

BYLINE: Gil Smart

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1073  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


GSMART@LNPNEWS.COM

The future's taking shape on South Donnerville Road in Manor Township.

At least, local officials hope it's the future. If it isn't, Lancaster County's
economy, its prosperity - its people - could be in for a rough ride.

Late last year work began on the 60-unit Brunswick Farms apartment complex, on
South Donnerville just south of Columbia Avenue. Built by the nonprofit
Community Basics Inc., the project includes six units for people experiencing
homelessness, eight for people with mobility issues, and 46 for families earning
between $13,000 and $40,000 annually.

Ken Smith, executive director of Community Basics, expects the apartments to be
filled as soon as they're available. "There's an incredible demand," he said.
"We could keep building and building and not run out of tenants for a very long
time."

That's because developments like Brunswick Farms are so rare. Lancaster County
has long suffered from a lack of affordable housing; now, with an expected
influx of 122,370 new residents by 2040, with Baby Boomers downsizing and
millennials putting off buying the traditional single-family home in the
suburbs, the demand for apartments, condos and townhomes has intensified.

The supply just isn't keeping up. Single-family homes still account for up to 80
percent of the housing being built in Lancaster County.

Economic consequences

If that doesn't change, county officials say, it could hammer Lancaster County's
economy.

"This is a critical issue," said James Cowhey, executive director of the
Lancaster County Planning Commission. "If we can't meet a more balanced demand
for a variety of housing types, we may eventually price the workforce out of the
market. Low-wage employers here will struggle to find workers willing or able to
commute in from less expensive places," he said.

"This will make Lancaster a less desirable place for business investment leading
to even fewer good jobs."

Without a better mix of housing, said Cowhey, Lancaster County stagnates.

But how do you change the look of the American Dream?

Builders and developers have to buy in, have to perceive enough of a demand to
build less-expensive multi-family housing. Zoning laws might need to be relaxed.
Crucially, the people already here - those living in the single-family homes -
must accept the need for more apartments or condos, maybe in their own
backyards.

All of this is beginning to happen, Cowhey said. But not quickly enough.

"Old habits," he said, "are hard to break."

Fewer homes, fewer units

Census data backs that up.

The homebuilding industry here has rebounded somewhat from the crash of 2008.
But the industry - once a local economic powerhouse - remains a shell of its
former self.

In 2003, Census figures show 2,138 building permits were issued here, which
included 2,690 total housing units.

In 2014, 980 total permits were issued. That included 1,088 total housing units
- a 15-year low.

Bottom line: Lancaster County never built much lower-cost, multi-family housing.

Now, we're building even less.

Meanwhile, demand for that type of housing has surged. In 2013 the county
planning commission and the Lancaster Housing Opportunity Partnership
commissioned a study showing a desperate need for rental units, and warning that
demographic shifts will disrupt demand for large suburban homes.

About 55 percent of the county's current housing stock is single-family homes.
But by 2028 only 40 percent of buyers will want a single-family home, the study
predicted.

Ray D'Agostino helms the Lancaster Housing Opportunity Partnership, but from
2001-2009 he was township manager in West Lampeter. "I remember that, literally,
before some (single-family) housing went on the market, there were offers being
made on it," he said. "That's not where we are today."

Barriers to change

Rick Jackson - president of the Builders Industry Association of Lancaster
County and chairman of the Coalition for Sustainable Housing - says builders and
developers are starting to get the message. Jackson, of the Lititz engineering
and landscape architecture firm ELA Group, said his company is seeing "far more
mixed-use and multi-family housing projects."

County figures back that up, said D'Agostino: "What we're seeing now, on
recorded plans, is that 38 percent of the units are going to be multi-family,"
he said. "Things are starting to change."

But hurdles remain.

Sometimes, it's local zoning laws or municipal officials who resist the idea of
denser development. More often, it's public opposition. That opposition can
dissuade sympathetic public officials, and convince builders and developers to
take the path of lease resistance - traditional single-family homes.

"There is a mindset that we've had to get good at answering," Jackson said.
"'You're talking about housing for those kind of people.' And we say, yes -
firefighters, bank tellers, school teachers."

D'Agostino invoked the massive new Urban Outfitters e-commerce fulfillment
center along Route 30 in Gap, and the Quality Bicycle Products distribution
center in East Hempfield Township: "We're blessed to have those jobs coming
here," he said, but "where are these people (employees) living, how are they
going to get there on time" if they can't find affordable housing near their
jobs?

County planner Cowhey suggested another way the old patterns of development
could harm the local economy: "If the market continues to deliver about 80
percent single-family homes when some other ratio is needed, then there will be
an oversupply of that one type," he said. That, he said, could undermine
single-family housing prices.

So more lower-cost housing should be built, and it needs to be close to where
jobs are, he said.

Brunswick Farms, in Manor Township, fits that bill.

More than 61,000 jobs are within a five-mile radius; it's in close proximity to
schools, a daycare center and other services. Some of the units - for residents
with disabilities - will go for around $300 per month. Rent for some other units
will be around $1,000 monthly, including utilities.

It's great, said D'Agostino. It's also not enough.

"That project hits about three-tenth of 1 percent of the market need in this
area," he said.

"That means 300 projects like this should be under construction right now."

This report is part of LNP's ongoing commitment to examining the unique
challenges facing Lancaster County and the prosperity of its people.

You can read the 2014 Prosperity Indicators report at bit.ly/prosper-lancaster

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: K. Scott Kreider A Construction Worker Pauses To Look Out The Window Of
The New Brunswick Farms Apartments, Currently Under Construction On Donnerville
Road. The Housing Project Is Designed To Help Residents Facing Low Income,
Housing Insecurity And Mobility Issues.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 LNP Media Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             950 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                           January 16, 2010 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Cuba a lesson in residency as a national priority

BYLINE: Michael Geller, Special to the Sun

SECTION: WESTCOAST HOMES; Homes Away From Home; Pg. G2

LENGTH: 1067  words


Canada's deteriorating co-ops and rental housing merit a similar commitment

Alot has been written recently about the need for a national housing policy for
Canada and a greater federal role in housing. I thought about this over the
holiday season when I visited Cuba for the first time.

While I spent most of my days in Varadero, Cuba's expansive resort area, I also
visited the city of Matanzas--often called the "Venice of Cuba" for its many
bridges and river crossings -- and Havana. In both Matanzas and Havana, I
observed the country's housing challenges and learned about the role played by
Castro's government in shaping Cuba's national housing policy over the past five
decades.

Opinions about life in Cuba vary considerably, depending on whom you speak to or
what you read. Cuba in the 21st century is a country where resources are scarce
and life is very difficult, with profound poverty and routine food, electricity
and housing shortages.

Or Cuba is a country with virtually no homelessness, little unemployment, free
health care and education, and a place where 85 per cent of the residents own
their own homes with little or no mortgages. I will not defend Castro's brutal
regime or his communist agenda. However, I believe Cuba is a most interesting
and worthwhile place to visit, especially now. I also think that Castro's
housing programs highlight important issues and lessons for Vancouver and other
Canadian cities.

Many Vancouver renters would likely welcome the measures that were put in place
following the revolution. In 1959, Castro's government immediately reduced rents
by 50 per cent and eliminated a law that forced the eviction of families when
they were unable to pay rent.

A year later, the Urban Reform Law converted half the urban tenants into
homeowners, and other tenants were given long-term rent-free leases. Some
tenants were assigned leases at no more than 10 per cent of household income,
which conveyed ownership after 15 to 20 years of payment.

This law also abolished the markets for housing, real estate and land.
Individuals were no longer able to sell houses to other citizens; instead, they
could only sell them back to the government, which, in turn, resold them. It
became illegal for a family to own more than one primary residence and one
vacation home.

In subsequent years, the country embarked on three main forms of housing
construction: state-sponsored, individual self-help and collective self-help.

The state-sponsored dwellings were initially known for their uniform appearance,
materials and layout. Many projects were built using designs and prefabricated
construction methods imported from the Soviet Union and were often out of
character with their neighbourhoods. For this reason, state-sponsored
construction was often criticized, even by Fidel Castro himself.

(It is interesting to note that many of the same criticisms were levelled at the
early Canadian public housing projects that were modelled on designs brought
over by British architects and planners working for the Canada Mortgage and
Housing Corp.)

The government soon recognized it could not meet the housing demand on its own,
and in 1970 Castro instituted a program of "microbrigades" to allow workers to
build new houses for themselves and their colleagues. The idea behind these "
housing co-operatives" was the collective advantage of pooling skills, labour
and sites, and many multi-family buildings were constructed in outlying
communities.

However, after a few years it became apparent that the workers did not have the
necessary skills to build their own homes, and the program was ended. In later
years, a new microbrigade program was instituted that focused on renovation and
revitalization, as opposed to new multi-family construction. Ten years ago,
Castro unveiled a plan to build 150,000 houses every year. The goal was
subsequently reduced to 100,000 houses annually, but even that became an
impossible objective. It is now estimated that about 15,000 homes are built
annually by the government in a country of 11.2 million people. Interestingly,
on an annual basis, more houses were constructed from 1930 to 1959 than in the
post-revolutionary period between 1959 and today. However, as a result of
various government initiatives, it is today claimed that 85 per cent of Cubans
own their own homes and pay no property taxes and little if any interest on
their mortgages.

Although much of the housing stock is in need of repair, there is virtually no
homelessness in the country, other than that involving some mentally ill people
who prefer to remain on the streets.

One reason for the poor housing conditions is the weak economy. Following the
collapse of the Soviet Union, the Cuban government turned to tourism as the
primary economic generator. Since then, considerable attention has been focused
on the Habana Vieja district of Havana, which was designated a UNESCO World
Heritage Site in 1982. Although many of the buildings are still in serious
states of disrepair, new investments are transforming colonial Old Havana into
an attractive and exciting place, with 17th-century palaces converted into
hotels, housing and restaurants, practically all state-owned.

Interestingly, a booming black market in real estate is now operating in Cuba,
even though the government owns most property. In some places, prices are
soaring as property changes hands in a complex, illegal system called "permute."

So what lessons can we learn? Like Castro's government, perhaps we, too, should
question whether it is not better for people to own, rather than rent. Cuba is
not alone in promoting home ownership.

The U.K. and other countries have implemented innovative programs to help
renters become homeowners. I believe there is a need for creative and innovative
programs across Canada.

Second, we need to review how best to repair our deteriorating
government-funded, co-operatively owned housing stock.

Without some special provisions, many low-income single parents and other
households will soon be forced out of older deteriorating housing co-operatives
they cannot afford to repair. Third, we need to consider how best to encourage
the repair and upgrading of Vancouver's privately owned and aging rental housing
stock.

Michael Geller is an architect, planner, development consultant and SFU adjunct
professor and occasional Westcoast Homes contributor

Peter Simpson returns next week.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Most Cubans, Michael Geller discovered, own their own homes and
pay no property taxes and little if any interest on their mortgages -and it
shows, of course. New investment is transforming colonial Old Havana into an
attractive and exciting destination, with palaces converted into hotels,
museums, housing and restaurants, mostly owned by the communist state.
Colour Photo:
Colour Photo:

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             951 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                    MAY 1, 1996 Wednesday PENINSULA EDITION

EAST P.A. PLANNERS WANT HOUSING PROPOSAL REVISED REZONING APPROVED, BUT DENSITY
CRITICIZED

BYLINE: TINI TRAN, Mercury News Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 603 words


A row of townhouses could rise along University Avenue under a proposal by an
East Palo Alto community group for a 19-unit affordable housing project.

On Monday, the city's planning commission took the first step by rezoning a
one-acre parcel from single-family residential to multi-family residential. But
the commission stopped short of approving the specific plan for the development,
citing problems with the project's density, bulkiness and safety aspects.

"It's a reasonable project . . . but the issues of traffic and density call for
it to be scaled down," said commission Chairman Foster Curry.

The project, dubbed Nugent Square, calls for 12 townhouses and seven apartments
along University Avenue between Sacramento and Weeks streets. Designed as two-
and three-story buildings, the townhomes feature individual back yards, secured
parking and a community room.

At this point, the project will be sent back for revision to EPA CAN DO, the
sponsoring community development group. The estimated $3.25 million project
would be financed through federal and state tax credits.

Monday night's commission meeting on the project stretched out to four hours as
nearly a dozen residents stood up to argue both for and against the development.

Early on, commissioner Renee Glover excused herself from the meeting after one
resident complained she had conflicts of interest. Glover is applying to be
executive director of EPA CAN DO.

Before this meeting, some residents and commission members had grumbled that the
38 units at EPA CAN DO's most recent project, Bay Oaks, went disproportionately
to Latino families.

Those tenants were selected through a lottery. But half the Bay Oaks units were
set aside as replacement housing for residents - most of them Latino - being
forced out by the city's huge Gateway 101 retail project.

At times heated, the meeting was the third public hearing on the project. It
drew about 50 residents to City Hall.

"I think this is a viable development," said resident Lorelie Tomko. "Affordable
housing is something we need. I've been hearing rumors that it's a political
issue - that not the right amount of people moved to Bay Oaks. I hope that is
not why this project is opposed."

Others pleaded the need for affordable housing in the city, which has seen
virtually no major housing development since its incorporation.

"You're on the cusp of creating a new sense of urbanization," resident Carlos
Romero told the planning commission. "Even if there are some concerns, there's
no reason to quash this entire project. It's necessary to preserve the
affordability in our housing."

Noting that the city's current rent control program will be lifted in 1999,
Romero added, "Now is the time to preserve what we can in local, affordable
lots."

Families making $24,000 to $36,000 a year would be eligible for the new housing,
said EPA Housing Coordinator Kenneth Jones. That would include city employees,
many of whom commute because there isn't enough affordable housing in the city.

But other residents were less convinced about the project's viability on a busy
city street.

Resident Samuel Rasheed brought up concerns over the project's density and
bulkiness and the traffic problems it would bring into the area.

"These are all quality-of-life issues. Did we move here so that rowhouses could
be built on the main drag? This project will eventually become a slum," he said.

Neighboring resident Faye Brown agreed:

"We'd like development on that corner, but we think the plan is overkill for
that property. There's too much there."

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1996 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             952 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                          February 20, 2008 Wednesday

Gov. announces plan for laid off mortgage workers, people seeking housing

BYLINE: By Steve Geissinger, MediaNews

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 718 words


Sacramento _ Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger on Wednesday unveiled a modest economic
stimulus plan that targets two groups _ mortgage industry workers laid off
because of the subprime lending bust and people seeking affordable housing.

Schwarzenegger allocated $73 million in money from affordable housing bonds
approved during two recent elections that he said will provide housing for more
than 1,600 families and create 5,300 jobs mostly in construction that will
generate $244 million in wages.

The governor also announced that the state has received a $5.4 million grant for
the U.S. Department of Labor to specifically help retrain mortgage industry
employees who have been laid off.

"We are taking all the action we can,'' Schwarzenegger said, at a press
conference in Los Angeles, "to keep people working and rebuilding California.''

The affordable housing bond money will help families rent or buy homes in 40
projects in 26 cities, including multiple-family dwellings in Santa Clara,
Contra Costa, Alameda, San Mateo, Santa Cruz and Monterey counties.

Plans in the Bay Area include construction of 119 living units in Colma, 100
living units in five locations in San Jose; 57 at two sites in Oakland; 33 units
in San Lucas in Monterey County; 18 units in Gilroy; 18 units in Capitola; nine
at Bay Point in Contra Costa County; and eight in Redwood City.

In San Jose, the affordable housing projects receiving assistance are at Tamien
Place, One East Julian, Tierra Encantada, Modern Ice and San Carlos Townhomes.
The Gilroy money will go to the South County Housing Corporation.

The two projects in Oakland receiving money is the Erna P. Harris Court and
Habitat for Humanity East Bay. The Bay Point project is also Habitat for
Humanity East Bay.

The San Mateo County projects getting money are Trestle Glen in Colma and
Peninsula Habitat for Humanity in Redwood City.

The Capitola project receiving financial aid is the Capitola Beach Villas. The
Monterey County project receiving a grant is Valley View Subdivision.

John Grubb, a spokesman for the Bay Area Council, which represents major
businesses in the region, said that the governor's action is "largely
symbolic.'' But his move, coupled with other steps by the federal government and
the private sector, "can start to add up, have a positive impact and head off
the herd instinct of a worsening economy.''

The bond money used for affordable housing is coming from two sources. Voters
approved Proposition 1C in 2006 as part of a $42 billion infrastructure package
championed by Schwarzenegger, and Proposition 46 in 2002, as a housing and
emergency shelter package.

The money from the federal labor department a national emergency jobless grant
will help find jobs for 8,400 employees who have lost their jobs in the subprime
mortgage lending crisis since July 1, 2007.

"Many of these laid-off workers have skills that are transferable to jobs in
high-growth, high-demand industries, such as health care and biotech,'' said
U.S. Labor Department spokeswoman Victoria Bradshaw. The affected workers vary
widely, from mortgage bankers to clerical staff.

The department's Labor and Workforce Development Agency secretary said the grant
will be used in 12 areas with the highest needs, including Alameda and Contra
Costa counties.

Part of the money will be used for retraining at community colleges or
vocational schools. Another use is financing "one-stop centers'' that provide
various services, including information on the availability of unemployment
insurance benefits.

The governor's stimulus package also includes a num ber of actions taken in
recent days, including:

- Announcing $69.5 million in permanent low-interest loans from bond funds to
jump-start 14 affordable multi-family projects for more than 1,000 families.

- Allocating more than $72 million in federal funds to pro vide assistance to
first-time home buyers, reduce the number of bank-owned homes and increase the
number of rental parties.

- Awarding $6 million in grants to help more than 1,500 newly discharged
veterans as they return to the civilian workforce.

- Launching a $1.2 million public awareness campaign to help educate homeowners
about options that can help them avoid losing their homes to foreclosures.

Contact Steve Geissinger at sgeissinger@bayareanewsgroup.com or (916) 447-9302.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             953 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                           November 2, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

Edmonton police mark 15 years of safer housing

BYLINE: Claire Theobald, Edmonton Journal

SECTION: CITY; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 351 words


The Edmonton Police Service has certified its 300th multi-family property under
the Crime Free Multi-Housing program as it marks 15 years of making apartments
and condominiums safer for residents.

"At one time, it was police going it alone and trying to control crime at
problem properties," acting Sgt. Amanda Trenchard said Tuesday.

"Now it's the reverse, where landlords and tenants are taking ownership and not
tolerating criminal behaviour."

The Crime Free Multi-Housing program brings crime prevention techniques inside
multi-unit residences to reduce criminal activity, meaning residents and
managers are not alone in dealing with issues including illegal drug or gang
activity in their buildings.

Officers involved in the program conduct security audits, train managers in
creating crime-free buildings and offer safety socials for tenants to build
community within a building, educate and empower residents on ways to keep
trouble from their doors.

The program also identifies civil processes available under the Residential
Tenancies Act - prescreening applicants, residential tenancy addendum agreements
and mediation services - to help avoid or resolve issues with problem tenants.

"The Crime Free Multi-Housing program has been of great benefit to all involved,
and has helped to improve the relationship between landlords and tenants," said
Judy Downey, supervisor of the City of Edmonton Landlord and Tenant Advisory
Board. "It meets our mutual goals of having safe, appropriate and affordable
housing in Edmonton, but more importantly, it provides peace of mind and quality
of life."

In a comparison of two buildings near 118 Avenue and 89 Street, police were
dispatched to the building that was not participating in the program 60 times
between September 2010 and June 2016. Over the same period, a neighbouring
building that participated in the program since 2010 saw 10 calls to police.

E'Scapes Condominiums at 11080 Ellerslie Rd. became the 300th property to
certify with the program.

twitter.com/ClaireTheobald ctheobald@postmedia.com !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Edmonton Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             954 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                           November 1, 2014 Saturday

Marin Voice: Working with landlords to fight crime

BYLINE: By Michael Frank and James Berg

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 543 words


More than a year ago, the city of Novato introduced the Crime-Free Multi-Housing
Program to property owners and managers citywide in an effort to reduce and
prevent crime in multi-family housing.

With more than 200 multi-family properties in Novato, and an increase in calls
for police service for some properties, the city recognized the need to
establish closer relationships with property owners and managers and provide
them with hands-on resources that would not only preserve police resources, but
empower those most directly affected by crime in their neighborhoods.

The program, established in Arizona in the early 1990s, is viewed worldwide as
the leading crime prevention program targeted at reducing crime, drugs and gangs
in multi-unit housing properties   and it is the first of its kind in Marin
County.

It addresses the issue of crime with multi-faceted community-based solutions,
rather than solely focusing on law enforcement, and the benefits of becoming a
"Crime Free" property are endless: more stable, satisfied residents, improved
reputation, lower maintenance costs, lower insurance rates and increased
property values.

This voluntary program, made possible by Measure F   the quarter-cent sales tax
enacted by Novato voters in 2010   consists of three phases: an eight-hour
management training which addresses lease agreement and eviction issues;
resident screening; how to respond effectively to criminal activity; a "Crime
Prevention Through Environmental Design" survey training including how to
effectively light and landscape your property to deter crime and how to make
common areas more family-friendly; and community awareness training   how to get
your residents to become more aware of their surroundings and report issues
immediately.

In Novato, both the police department and the city's code enforcement staff lead
the classes. They also partner with the Novato Fire District to provide hands-on
fire safety and prevention information, as well as with legal experts to provide
lease agreement advice.

Once trainings are completed, properties qualify for certification as a
"Crime-Free" property.

Since its start in Novato, four properties have been certified, and an
additional 10 properties are slated for certification in the upcoming year.

One of the most recent to certify was Wyndover Apartments   one of the larger
multi-family properties in Novato. The commitment made by the Wyndover owners
and property management has produced remarkable results, including numerous
improvements to the property, enhanced management practices, and a reduction in
police calls for service.

By implementing this program in Novato, we have established important
partnerships that have allowed us to maintain the quality and vigor of our
public safety services and preserve the quality of life our community expects
and deserves. It is our hope that properties citywide will recognize the program
as a way to partner with the city and its police department to make their
properties even more tenant- and neighborhood-friendly for our residents.

To learn more or to attend an upcoming training session, please contact Officer
Nick Conrad at nconrad@novato.org or 899-7039.

Michael Frank is Novato's city manager. James Berg is the city's police chief.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2014 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                             955 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            April 20, 2016 Wednesday

County talks workforce housing | Manatee County commissioners looking for ways
to encourage urban redevelopment

BYLINE: Dale White

SECTION: B; FL News; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 468 words


DEVELOPMENT

MANATEE COUNTY - Land costs and waiting for government approvals can hinder
developers trying to pursue urban redevelopment and workforce housing,
homebuilders told county commissioners Tuesday.

The county's Neighborhood Services staff is preparing recommendations about how
the county can encourage more affordable housing, and invited several
residential developers to share their experiences with commissioners.

Homebuilder Pat Neal said local and state government fees and taxes can amount
to about 16 percent of the cost of one of his new homes. "The greatest cost
imposed on builders is the cost of time," Neal added. When developers finance a
project, they pay taxes and debt payments until they start selling homes and get
a return on their investment, he noted.

If the private market could build with minimal additional costs imposed by
government, local builders could sell a new home for $140,000 or less, Neal
estimated.

Presuming a 5 percent down payment and loan rate of 3.875 percent, Neal said the
monthly mortgage payment would be $620.

Neal said builders are discouraged from doing urban redevelopment because of the
difficulty in acquiring adequate land to do "lot-by-lot, production style"
construction of enough dwellings "so the plumber can start a home every Monday."

Diana Shoemaker, executive director of Manatee Habitat for Humanity, said
Habitat often finds it "more cost effective" to build new than to rehab an
existing home. To get the most from the land it buys, Habitat opts for
multi-family homes, such as the 18 "attached villas" it built on nine
single-family lots in Ellenton.

Sarasota-based developer Harvey Vengroff said has created affordable housing
without government subsidies.

Vengroff specializes in converting motels into apartment complexes - such as the
former Days Inn on North Tamiami Trail in Sarasota and the former Ramada Inn
next to the University of South Florida Sarasota-Manatee and, soon, the former
Knights Inn on U.S. 41 in Bradenton.

He said he can spend $34,000 to buy each unit and $25,000 on upgrades. After
paying rent for a year, a tenant can buy the unit for $100,000 with no down
payment.

The tax-deductible, monthly mortgage payment comes to $666.

"The (government) subsidies don't seem to be necessary, if you buy your
properties cheap enough," Vengroff said. "...I make money doing what I do."

Commissioners said they need to provide incentives for owners of aging shopping
centers that would be ideal locations for residential-retail redevelopment to
sell to builders looking for potential urban infill properties. As long as they
can still get rent, Commissioner Betsy Benac said, those owners have no interest
in selling.

The commission will continue the discussion on May 17, when landlords and others
will be invited to address the issue.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DEVELOPMENT MANATEE COUNTY - Land costs and waiting for government
approvals can hinder developers trying to pursue urban redevelopment and
workforce housing, homebuilders told county commissioners Tuesday. The county's
Neighborhood Services staff is preparing recommendations about how the county
can encourage more affordable housing, and invited several residential
developers to share their experiences with commissioners.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             956 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                             March 25, 2011 Friday

La Verne dealership could be turned into apartment project

BYLINE: By Wes Woods II Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 416 words


LA VERNE - A former Ford and Hyundai dealership on Foothill Boulevard could be
on its way to being demolished and remade into a 172 multi-family apartment
project that includes 26 moderate-level affordable units.

La Verne Village, a mixed-use development at the former dealership site at
2777-2855 Foothill Blvd., would also have 15,000 square feet of commercial
retail space.

The complete project will be discussed before the council on May 5.

The council this week approved an agreement with Hutton Development to create
the 26 affordable units using more than $1.1 million in affordable housing
dollars from the redevelopment agency to repay for the loss of revenue to
Hutton.

"This is not coming from our general fund," said Mayor Don Kendrick, before the
council voted unanimously in favor of the agreement.

"The city perceives the proposal as a high-quality development that will be a
very positive addition to the Foothill Boulevard corridor in La Verne," said
Community Development Director Hal G. Fredericksen in a Thursday e-mail. "The
development would replace what has become a blighted property with a high-end,
gated residential community, with integrated commercial development."

Fredericksen said the project will have 172 apartments in a "high-quality,
high-amenity environment," with rents estimated at $1,600-2,400 per month and
annual household incomes exceeding $60,000.

Within the 15,000 square feet of retail space, would be opportunities for retail
shops and restaurants at the entry to the project, Fredericksen said.

The project is also expected to include a traffic signal on Foothill which
should ease traffic concerns at the location. Fredericksen said.

Scott Felix, vice president of Hutton Companies, said his company had been
working with the city on the site since summer 2009.

He was optimistic about the transformation of a car dealership into a mixed use
development with luxury apartment homes and integrated retail.

"Most obviously the site's blighted (now)," Felix said. "The use that was there,
that worked for 30 or so years, just doesn't work any more. With what's going on
with the auto industry, Foothill Boulevard doesn't have the traffic count it
used to have because of the 210 Freeway. But we like the concept and the market
of La Verne."

Felix said if everything is approved, there was a mid-summer timetable to "knock
down what's there" and start the project, which he estimated is valued as in
excess of $40 million.

wes.woods@inlandnewspapers.com 909-483-8549

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             957 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                   CNT Energy

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: environmentalfamecntenergy.blogspot.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   CNT Energy also offers a one-stop energy efficiency shop for owners of
multi-family rental buildings. The Energy Savers program offers building owners
in Lake and Cook County access to energy assessments, financing options,
assistance with tax benefits, construction oversight, and an annual energy
performance report.  CNT Energy has audited more than 3,000 units in Cook and
Lake Counties and, in partnership with the Community Investment Corporation, has
assembled financing for many buildings to help them implement energy efficient
upgrades. From beginning to end, Energy Savers makes it easier for building
owners to undertake the energy efficiency improvements that will cut costs and
help to maintain affordable, high-quality rental housing.  Finally, CNT Energy
is a leader in developing and implementing successful real-time electricity
pricing programs for residential customers. As a nonprofit organization
dedicated to helping individuals and communities manage their energy costs, CNT
Energy designs programs that produce benefits for consumers, the environment,
and the electrical system as a whole.  CNT Energy administers the Power Smart
Pricing program. Power Smart Pricing is an hourly electricity pricing program
for residential customers in central and southern Illinois who are served by the
Ameren Illinois Utilities. CNT Energy provides information, services and tools
to help program participants manage their electricity costs with hourly pricing.
In northern Illinois, CNT

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             958 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The News-Herald of Willoughby, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 22, 2011 Sunday

Report shows housing and renters markets have flip-flopped

BYLINE: Cassandra Shofar, The News-Herald, Willoughby, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 981 words


May 22--Not long ago, it was a housing market's world, leaving the renters
market scrambling to keep pace.

But the tables have turned.

A recent report by the National Low Income Housing Coalition found that high
unemployment, falling wages and low rental vacancy rates driven by a
post-recession return to renting have combined to put housing stability beyond
the grasp of low-income households across the country.

The Out of Reach 2011 report also shows the "mismatch between the rents
available across the county and what low-income renters can really afford."

"We went through a period of high vacancies during the time when interest rates
were so low, people you thought couldn't buy homes were buying homes," said
Carole Burning, apartment manager for Normandy Manor Apartments in
Mentor-on-the-Lake. "We were shocked at what people were buying. Now you've had
all these foreclosures and people are back to renting."

In the past year, Burning, who has been with Normandy Manor for 21 years, saw
the highest upswing.

"Right now, I'm 99 percent occupied," she said. "Everything that's opening up is
already rented. I haven't see that for a long time."

But despite high occupancy in Burning's case, according to the NLIHC report,
American renters on average must earn at least $18.46 an hour to afford a modest
apartment, yet the average renter makes just $13.52 an hour.

In addition, the report said the national two-bedroom Fair Market Rent is $960
per month, so a household must earn $38,400 annually in order to afford that
FMR.

However, Burning said before the housing boom, a FMR for a two-bedroom unit in
Lake County was at around $700 per month.

"Then you had the housing market boom going on. I had some (neighboring
apartment complexes) dropping their rates to 1996 rates," she said. "So then we
had to drop our prices to be able to compete. We saw a lot of things that were
unusual the last couple of years. What is going on now is the market is righting
itself, so we are raising our rates back up ... and we're still not back where
we were."

During the housing boom, Burning said a one-bedroom unit at Normandy Manor was
dropped down to $640 a month with a few units offered at $630.

"We're not that much higher now. We were at $640 for a one-bedroom in 2010," she
said, adding that price is only up $9 this year at $650 for a one-bedroom and
$679 for a two-bedroom.

While much attention has been paid to the effect of unemployment on foreclosure
rates, the central finding of the NLIHC report is that the housing crisis is the
most severe for low-income people.

"Out of Reach 2011 shows that simply having a job doesn't guarantee you will be
able to afford even to rent," Sheila Crowley, president and CEO of NLIHC, said
in a statement.

Patricia Kidd, attorney and executive director of the Fair Housing Resource
Center in Painesville, said one thing that is baffling her agency's employees,
particularly those who work for the Foreclosure Prevention Program, is why many
individuals choose to walk away from a mortgage with a lower interest rate to
rent instead.

"The first question our counselors ask them is, 'Where do you plan on going?' "
Kidd said. "Most of the time, the market rent exceeds the house payment they're
walking away from, and I think many people are surprised by that. I do encourage
them and say, 'If you're living in a three-bedroom home in Mentor, look around,
where are you going to go and rent (something that size)?' Our market rents are
higher than they've ever been in the past, which does put the affordability
issue at play. The market rent in Lake County is one of the highest in the
state. Multi-family households are a lot more common now because of that."

The FHRC's emergency rental assistance program just recently capped out, using
more than $200,000 in the last year to help people make their rent, Kidd said.

"We counsel approximately 1,500 clients per year, with a majority of that being
eviction prevention," she said. "Eviction prevention is usually from non-payment
of rent. It's a landlord's market right now ... completely unlike what it was
during the housing boom. During the housing boom, you can talk to any complex,
landlords say it was too easy to buy a house. Now it's the complete opposite.
With the housing industry collapse, finding people to rent is no longer an
issue. It's supply and demand, so it drives up the price of renting and people
paying for it."

For households like that of Russell Township resident Bruce Murphy, an apartment
is just not conducive.

"We need a studio, shop, office, dog space, so we are in a unique position," he
said. "It took the 10 years my wife was investing and saving for me to find a
property we were comfortable with. We own our home, made a very large down
payment when we purchased -- despite the fact that we do not make much money --
and have a mortgage that we can afford."

He added, "When we get discouraged about our ability to financially maintain our
property, we have looked at the rental market and always realized that we could
never afford to rent a property that would adequately suit our needs."

Another demographic Kidd is worried about is young adults who are just getting
out of high school or college.

"They can't financially afford to be making these kinds of decisions without
living with a group of friends and that's my big concern," she said.

"How difficult it is for them to get out there and be independent, on their own.
I see them living home with their parents much, much longer than they have in
the past. It's so different now."

To see more of The News-Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.news-herald.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The News-Herald, Willoughby,
Ohio Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110522-WL-Report-shows-housing
-and-renters-markets-have-flip-flopped-20110522

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WL


               Copyright 2011 The News-Herald of Willoughby, Ohio


                             959 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Red Deer Express (Alberta)

                             April 3, 2003 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Some more affordable housing on the way: $1 million cash injection for Riverside
Meadows

BYLINE: Lea Hilstrom, Red Deer Express; Central Alberta Adviser

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 286  words


The city's stock of affordable housing just increased thanks to close to a $1
million cash injection into a Riverside Meadows development.

P&S Investments' redevelopment of a multi-family complex damaged by fire last
year was one of eight projects chosen for funding through the Canada-Alberta
Affordable Housing Program.

The governments made available approximately $17 million in the 2003 fiscal year
which ended Monday, to boost affordable housing stocks in high needs areas of
the province.

Approximately $975,000 has been committed through the program to the Riverside
Meadows project, announced the province last week.

It will allow rents in the building to be kept affordable for lower income
families and individuals, said Barbara Jeffrey, of the city's Community Housing
Advisory Committee.

"It's good news because they weren't sure if they could offer the lower rents
without it," said Jeffrey.

The 39-unit complex is expected to open next month.

Tuesday was the start of another fiscal year, said Jeffrey, which spurred hopes
that further funding will be made available through the program for other Red
Deer affordable housing projects.

The Riverside Meadows project was one of three submitted for funding
consideration, she said.

Funding was also sought to build a proposed 64-unit apartment complex in
Kentwood for the Handicapped Housing Society of Alberta and for another P&S
Investments project on Gaetz Ave.

Both projects have been resubmitted for consideration and others may also come
forward, said Jeffrey.

Residents are still struggling to find suitable, affordable housing in Red Deer,
she said.

It is not known yet how much funding is available through the program for the
2003-2004 fiscal year, she said.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2003 Red Deer Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                             960 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Crain's Detroit Business

                            October 22, 2001, Monday

Public housing gets a face-lift; Developments combine more income levels

BYLINE: Jennette Smith

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1207 words


When four senior high-rises came crashing down last spring as part of a plan to
redevelop the Jeffries West housing project in Detroit, the implosions
symbolized the new direction of low-cost housing.

A group called Scripps Park Associates L.L.C. is turning the site into a mixture
of private and public housing.

''When you drive into the site, you won't know who's low income, who's moderate,
who's more upper income,'' said Denise Lewis, a senior partner at Honigman
Miller Schwartz and Cohn L.L.P. who is working on behalf of Scripps.

Similarly, the Southwest Housing Corp. is renovating a number of architecturally
significant old buildings into affordable rental units. A celebration for three
restored 1920s-era apartment buildings was held last Friday. The renovations are
part of larger plans by the Southwest Counseling and Development Services Inc.
unit to spur neighborhood revitalization.

The goal behind these and other affordable-housing initiatives in metro Detroit
is to remove the stigma associated with public-housing projects and use them to
drive private redevelopment. State and federal financial incentives also make
low-cost housing appealing to private developers and nonprofits (See box on this
page).

The worsening economy may increase the need for such housing programs.

''Multi-family (and) affordable housing is still considered a very attractive
addition to any investor's portfolio,'' said Linda Yudasz, a Plante & Moran CPA
and senior manager, specializing in affordable and senior housing.

The Michigan State Housing Development Authority, which provides financing to
affordable-housing projects and administers low-income housing tax credits, has
invested nearly $4 billion in affordable housing in Michigan.

The authority has granted credits for 14,756 affordable units in 269 projects in
Wayne, Oakland, Macomb, Washtenaw and Livingston counties since 1989.

Ed Bobinchak, Southeast Michigan coordinator for the Michigan Capital Fund for
Housing, said there is plenty of interest and competition among developers
seeking incentives for affordable housing such as low-income tax credits.

There are several models for affordable housing. Some provide a mixture of
market-rate housing; others are created for seniors.

But the goal is for a large percentage of the housing to provide low rents or
mortgage payments for families at the lower end of the area's median income.
Competitive, affordable rental housing in metro Detroit usually rents for $250
to $550 a month. Affordable houses usually sell for $65,000 to $85,000,
Bobinchak said.

The capital fund invests as a limited partner in rental developments and selects
recipients each year for low-income tax credits. For 2001, the fund expects to
invest $40 million into developments and attract $20 million from banks and
other sources.

Bobinchak said mixed-housing projects, such as Scripps Park's, succeed when the
development is in an area that is attractive and convenient. Market-rate units,
after all, must attract tenants capable of paying high rents.

The capital fund prefers ideas with broader reach and gives extra consideration
to projects with site plan approvals that help the disabled or homeless or those
in Detroit's empowerment zone.

Yudasz said developers have become sophisticated about creating projects that
can benefit from financial incentives and will be welcomed by communities. She
said government officials are changing their attitudes about affordable housing,
helping promote better developments.

''In the past, the developers would come in and say, 'I want to do an
affordable-housing project' and right away the red lights would go on,'' Yudasz
said. ''Now, the whole feeling for it is turning on edge.

''There's many more beautiful examples that you would never guess are affordable
housing.''

While the bulk of affordable housing in the area is in Detroit, there are
pockets in places such as Pontiac, Wyandotte, Inkster and Taylor.

Bobinchak said the best affordable-housing developments are capable of helping
turn around whole neighborhoods. For example, the Newberry Homes effort at
Michigan Avenue and Junction Street is adding 60 two-story single-family houses
and encouraging the renovation of a local school. That project is being
undertaken by Jeremiah Community Development Corp. and W.R. & Associates L.L.C.

Scripps Park is turning the Jeffries West housing project into 347
privately-owned houses and rental units. The group is made up of of businessman
Herb Strather; The Slavik Co., based in Farmington Hills; Rosenberg Housing
Group, based in New York City; Premier Property Management, based in Fenton; and
local nonprofit Core City Non-Profit Housing Corp.

John Frasco, vice president of Slavik, said developing affordable housing can be
profitable, and it fits with his company's social mission.

''We certainly believe in developing affordable housing, and quite frankly we
are doing it because we think it's a good business opportunity,'' he said. ''As
long as it's done right, you can make money on it.''

Affordable-housing efforts in southwest Detroit by the Southwest Housing Corp.
also have a strategic rationale, said Dennis Quinn, housing-development
director. For example, a $2 million building renovation in the middle of a
desolate block doesn't help anybody. But renovating a series of buildings in the
same neighborhood and filling gaps between Southwest Detroit's Mexicantown
district and the rest of the Vernor Road corridor have the potential to make a
major impact.

Five years ago, Quinn, a former broker and urban-planning professor at Iowa
State University, started developing a plan that included affordable housing for
revitalizing the area.

So far, the housing corporation has acquired five historical apartment buildings
in the Hubbard-Farms and Hubbard-Richard neighborhoods and next plans to move on
to redevelopment efforts near the Springwells Village neighborhood. This area,
dubbed Lawndale Station, is at Vernor and Lawndale.

For Lawndale Station, Southwest Housing is forming a partnership called
Springwells Partners with the Local Initiatives Support Corp. and the Southwest
Detroit Business Association to bring commercial and residential development to
the site.

''We want to package the whole thing into an activity center,'' Quinn said.

The next step would be to attract private developers and more market-rate
housing and other kinds of development. The same model could be used elsewhere
in the city.

''If you just have all affordable housing or all very expensive housing, you're
not going to have that mix that makes urban living so interesting in the first
place,'' Quinn said.

Affordable-housing leaders also say Detroit's new mayor will need to make
affordable housing a priority to fulfill campaign promises about turning more
attention to neighborhood issues.

Bobinchak said that because affordable housing brings a tremendous amount of
money into neighborhoods, it should be looked at as a catalyst.

Said Quinn, ''They're starting to realize that without livable communities
surrounding the business district, you don't have a city.''

Jennette Smith: (313) 446-0414, jhsmith@crain.com

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2001 Crain Communications, Inc.


                             961 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

Regulatory update: Minnesota Public Utilities Commission; CITY OF SAINT PAUL,
has issued ( 16-119 ) COMMENTS--RE MULTI FAMILY BUILDING EFFICIENCY PROGRAM
2017-2019

LENGTH: 686  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul:  Minnesota Public Utilities Commission has issued the following
document (docket):





 DEPARTMENT OF PLANNING & ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT

 Jonathan Sage-Martinson, Director

 CITY OF SAINT PAUL 25 West Fourth Street Telephone: 651-266-6655

 Christopher B. Coleman, Mayor Saint Paul, MN 55102 Facsimile: 651-266-6559



 Via Electronic Transmission Filing

 Deputy Commissioner William Grant

 Minnesota Department of Commerce

 Division of Energy Resources

 85 7th Place East, Suite 500

 Saint Paul, MN 55101-2198

 RE: Xcel Energy and CenterPoint Energy: Initial Filing - 2017 - 2019 CIP
Triennial Plan

 Docket No. G002,E002/CIP-16-115

 Docket No. G008/CIP-16-119

 Dear Deputy Commissioner Grant:



 On behalf of the City of Saint Paul, I am pleased to provide comments regarding
the above referenced PUC Dockets. Last year Saint Paul submitted a letter of
support for Xcel Energy and CenterPoint Energy for their efforts to modify their
Conservation Improvement Program (CIP) Plans by extending energy conservation
resources to multifamily buildings. We believed then, and continue to believe
now, that the Multifamily Building Efficiency Program is beneficial to
multifamily building owners, the residents who live in those buildings, and the
environment. For these same reasons the City of Saint Paul supports the
extension and expansion of this program through 2019.

 We commend Xcel Energy and CenterPoint Energy for proposing to increase the
budget of the Multifamily Building Efficiency Program from $1.6 million dollars
over 1.5 years to $7 million dollars over three years. We strongly support the
companies' proposal to expand the program over time from a program budget of
$974,000 and 2,000 participants in 2016 to a budget of $3.28 million dollars and
6,865 participants in 2019.

 We consider existing multifamily buildings to be an enormous asset in Saint
Paul. They constitute a significant amount of the building stock in the Capital
City, which is home to more than 41,000 multifamily buildings with five or more
units. This represents 37% of our housing stock.

 In addition to the sheer number of multifamily buildings in Saint Paul, the
fact is they are aging, with seventy-nine percent of our residential rental
properties being built before 1950. Buildings

 of this age require reinvestment to remain viable assets in the community. In
an effort to preserve these assets, Saint Paul invests federal HOME dollars,
CDBG funds, Low Income Housing Tax Credits, and local Neighborhood STAR dollars
to restore and revitalize them. The Multifamily Building Efficiency Program is
one more tool that can help sustain Saint Paul's existing multifamily housing
stock.

 This gives rise to our one reservation about the proposed CIP plan: it's not as
robust as we think it should be. With tens of thousands of potential
participants in Saint Paul alone, we would like the Multifamily Building
Efficiency Program to ramp up more quickly. Xcel Energy has worked successfully
to overcome the growing pains expected with any new program. Now we would like
to see markedly greater penetration into the market. Saint Paul stands ready to
partner with Xcel to promote the program to multifamily building owners in the
City.

 Through energy efficient improvements, this program lowers utility bills and
can help create long-term affordability for the building owners and/or
residents. Also, as Saint Paul undertakes a greenhouse gas emissions inventory
and develops a climate action plan, reducing carbon emissions is priority for
the City and the Multifamily Building Efficiency Program will help us reach our
targets.

 We ask you to look favorably on the request by Xcel Energy and CenterPoint
Energy to extend and expand the Multifamily Building Efficiency Program.

 Thank you for considering our comments and good luck in your deliberations.

 Sincerely,

 /s/ Patricia Lilledahl

 Patricia Lilledahl

 Director of Housing

 Saint Paul Department of Planning & Economic Development

 AN AFFIRMATIVE ACTION EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             962 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                           September 8, 2005 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Value of building permits drops 31.5 per cent in July: High June figures account
for Vancouver drop, industry spokesman says

BYLINE: Fiona Anderson, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: BUSINESSBC; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 816  words


The value of building permits issued in Vancouver plunged 31.5 per cent in July,
with the non-residential sector suffering a staggering 48.5-per-cent decline, a
Statistics Canada report said Wednesday.

All three components of the non-residential market decreased substantially, with
the institutional sector down 59.3 per cent while commercial permits dropped
42.7 per cent and industrial building permits fell a relatively mild 15.2 per
cent.

Keith Sashaw, president of the Vancouver Regional Construction Association
cautioned against putting too much weight on the numbers.

"There is a great deal of volatility in the numbers as they go up and down
because if you've got a major project coming on it can skew the numbers," Sashaw
said in an interview.

But the Construction Association is not surprised by the significant downturn.

"That's primarily because the June figures were extraordinarily high. They were
the highest non-residential construction starts on record," Sashaw said.

He suggests looking at the year-to-date figures to get a better picture of the
industry.

"We are still seeing the construction industry as very healthy, very active and
growing," he said.

Since January, $1.1 billion worth of non-residential building permits have been
issued in the Vancouver area, an increase of 66.6 per cent from the previous
year, Statistics Canada analyst Etienne Saint-Pierre said in an interview.

The trend may have flattened a bit, Saint-Pierre said, but it remains high.

"Retail sales are very strong, the office vacancy rates are declining [and]
corporate profits are very high so there are a lot of factors that point to a
healthy non-residential sector," Saint-Pierre said.

In British Columbia, the value of permits issued for single-family homes reached
an all-time record of $294.3 million in July, an increase of 7.2 per cent from
June. At the same time, the value of multi-family permits dropped to its lowest
level since December 2004, falling 29.1 per cent to $187.3 million. The combined
effect was the largest decline in the country for residential permits, a drop of
10.6 per cent.

The shift away from multi-family permits was unexpected.

"At the national level there is a shift toward multi-family dwellings as the
price tag associated with single-family dwellings is now quite substantial,"
Saint-Pierre said. "So more and more people will go with multi-family dwellings
as it is more affordable."

Year-to-date figures reflect this move toward more affordable housing as single
family permits were up 1.3 per cent while multi-family permits increased 8.9 per
cent.

Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp. tracks the number of building starts which
should mirror the value of building permits, said Peter Simpson, CEO of Greater
Vancouver Home Builders' Association. According to the CMHC numbers, the
construction of single-family dwellings was down 13.2 per cent and multi-family
units were up 6.7 per cent in B.C. since December 2004, compared to the same
period a year earlier.

Those numbers are not surprising given the costs of single-family homes, Simpson
said.

"Affordability is a big issue here. I think you are going to see the multiple
sector continue to grow," he said.

Multi-family homes comprise more than 75 per cent of the market. Twenty years
ago, they were only 45 per cent of the market, Simpson said.

The total value of all permits issued in B.C. in July dropped 11.8 per cent from
June, with a 13.8 per cent decline in the non-residential sector.

However, year-to-date, B.C. posted a gain of 11.7 percent over last year, with a
74.5 per cent increase in non-residential permits and a 4.8 per cent increase in
residential permits.

Across Canada, the value of permits declined three per cent to $4.9 billion, the
third monthly decline in the last four months. The decline was the result of a
drop in non-residential permits that was only partially offset by an increase,
for the fourth consecutive month, in residential permits.

fionaanderson@png.canwest.com

PERMISSIONS SLIP:

B.C. led all provinces outside Atlantic Canada in the June-July decline in value
of residential building permits issued, and Vancouver had the second-biggest
decline as far as the value of all building permits in Canada's major cities was
concerned.

Change, in per cent, of the value of residential building permits by province,

June-July 2005

B.C: -11.8

Alberta: +7.9

Saskatchewan: -5.1

Manitoba: -8.6

Ontario: -1.4

Quebec: +15.0

Change, in per cent, of the value of all

building permits by census metropolitan area, June-July 2005

Vancouver: -31.5

Edmonton: +19.4

Calgary: +11.5

Winnipeg: -53.0

Toronto: +14.1

Montreal: +11.3

Halifax: -2.5

B.C.'s June-July drop in value of building permits doesn't reflect gains made in
the first half of the year.

Change, in per cent, in the value of B.C. building permits,

January -July 2004 vs. January -July 2005

Residential: +4.8

Non-residential: +74.5

All: +21.7

Source: Statistics Canada

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Vancouver Sun; The construction industry is very healthy, very
active and growing, says the construction association.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Statistics

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             963 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                           September 8, 2005 Thursday
                                FINAL C Edition

Value of building permits drops 31.5 per cent in July: High June figures helped
set up the plunge, industry spokesman says

BYLINE: Fiona Anderson, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: BUSINESSBC; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 816  words


The value of building permits issued in Vancouver plunged 31.5 per cent in July,
with the non-residential sector suffering a staggering 48.5-per-cent decline, a
Statistics Canada report said Wednesday.

All three components of the non-residential market decreased substantially, with
the institutional sector down 59.3 per cent while commercial permits dropped
42.7 per cent and industrial building permits fell a relatively mild 15.2 per
cent.

Keith Sashaw, president of the Vancouver Regional Construction Association
cautioned against putting too much weight on the numbers.

"There is a great deal of volatility in the numbers as they go up and down
because if you've got a major project coming on it can skew the numbers," Sashaw
said in an interview.

But the Construction Association is not surprised by the significant downturn.

"That's primarily because the June figures were extraordinarily high. They were
the highest non-residential construction starts on record," Sashaw said.

He suggests looking at the year-to-date figures to get a better picture of the
industry.

"We are still seeing the construction industry as very healthy, very active and
growing," he said.

Since January, $1.1 billion worth of non-residential building permits have been
issued in the Vancouver area, an increase of 66.6 per cent from the previous
year, Statistics Canada analyst Etienne Saint-Pierre said in an interview.

The trend may have flattened a bit, Saint-Pierre said, but it remains high.

"Retail sales are very strong, the office vacancy rates are declining [and]
corporate profits are very high so there are a lot of factors that point to a
healthy non-residential sector," Saint-Pierre said.

In British Columbia, the value of permits issued for single-family homes reached
an all-time record of $294.3 million in July, an increase of 7.2 per cent from
June. At the same time, the value of multi-family permits dropped to its lowest
level since December 2004, falling 29.1 per cent to $187.3 million. The combined
effect was the largest decline in the country for residential permits, a drop of
10.6 per cent.

The shift away from multi-family permits was unexpected.

"At the national level there is a shift toward multi-family dwellings as the
price tag associated with single-family dwellings is now quite substantial,"
Saint-Pierre said. "So more and more people will go with multi-family dwellings
as it is more affordable."

Year-to-date figures reflect this move toward more affordable housing as single
family permits were up 1.3 per cent while multi-family permits increased 8.9 per
cent.

Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp. tracks the number of building starts which
should mirror the value of building permits, said Peter Simpson, CEO of Greater
Vancouver Home Builders' Association. According to the CMHC numbers, the
construction of single-family dwellings was down 13.2 per cent and multi-family
units were up 6.7 per cent in B.C. since December 2004, compared to the same
period a year earlier.

Those numbers are not surprising given the costs of single-family homes, Simpson
said.

"Affordability is a big issue here. I think you are going to see the multiple
sector continue to grow," he said.

Multi-family homes comprise more than 75 per cent of the market. Twenty years
ago, they were only 45 per cent of the market, Simpson said.

The total value of all permits issued in B.C. in July dropped 11.8 per cent from
June, with a 13.8 per cent decline in the non-residential sector.

However, year-to-date, B.C. posted a gain of 11.7 percent over last year, with a
74.5 per cent increase in non-residential permits and a 4.8 per cent increase in
residential permits.

Across Canada, the value of permits declined three per cent to $4.9 billion, the
third monthly decline in the last four months. The decline was the result of a
drop in non-residential permits that was only partially offset by an increase,
for the fourth consecutive month, in residential permits.

fionaanderson@png.canwest.com

PERMISSIONS SLIP:

B.C. led all provinces outside Atlantic Canada in the June-July decline in value
of residential building permits issued, and Vancouver had the second-biggest
decline as far as the value of all building permits in Canada's major cities was
concerned.

Change, in per cent, of the value of residential building permits by province,
June-July 2005

B.C: -11.8

Alberta: +7.9

Saskatchewan: -5.1

Manitoba: -8.6

Ontario: -1.4

Quebec: +15.0

Change, in per cent, of the value of all

building permits by census metropolitan area, June-July 2005

Vancouver: -31.5

Edmonton: +19.4

Calgary: +11.5

Winnipeg: -53.0

Toronto: +14.1

Montreal: +11.3

Halifax: -2.5

B.C.'s June-July drop in value of building permits doesn't reflect gains made in
the first half of the year.

Change, in per cent, in the value of B.C. building permits,

January -July 2004 vs. January -July 2005

Residential: +4.8

Non-residential: +74.5

All: +21.7

Source: Statistics Canada

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Vancouver Sun; The construction industry is very healthy, very
active and growing, says the construction association.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Statistics

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             964 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                             April 10, 2015 Friday

Mayors join fight on vet homelessness

BYLINE: By James Herrera

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 656 words


Seaside >> Now that Monterey County mayors have committed to ending veteran
homelessness by the end of the year, the focus will be on finding jobs, housing
and landlords who accept more veterans into their properties, say two local
experts.

The mayors of Carmel, Del Rey Oaks, Gonzales, Greenfield, King City, Marina,
Monterey, Pacific Grove, Salinas, Sand City, Seaside and Soledad join a growing
national coalition of mayors, governors and county officials in the Joining
Forces initiative.

Ending veteran homelessness means having no veterans sleeping on the streets and
giving every veteran access to permanent housing.

"A lot of progress has been made, but this needs to be done as a community,"
said Terry Bare, executive director of the Veterans Transition Center in Marina.
"The housing authority, construction, mayors, supervisors - all need to see the
big picture."

The problem of affordable housing has dogged Monterey County for years. In 2014,
only 27 percent of homes were considered affordable in the county based on
median household income and current home prices. This exacerbates the issue even
more for homeless veterans and their families.

"Our challenge in this area in general is we are in a high-rent, low-wage
community that has few vacancies," said Katherine Thoeni, executive officer of
the Coalition of Homeless. "As much as we need affordable housing, that takes
time, political will, resources and extensive planning."

Both Bare and Thoeni say an immediate step would be getting more landlords to
rent to veterans and their families, despite possible problems with income and
credit history. That's where the Supportive Services for Veteran Families comes
in.

The services ensure veterans are able to pay their rent. It keeps the residences
in the property filled and decreases the risk of evictions, Thoeni said. It
gives the veteran a chance to be a good neighbor and good tenant. And it builds
a way for landlords to give

Homeless Â» Page 4

back to the people who have sacrificed for the country, explained Thoeni.

Landlords can call the Housing Resource Center at 424-9186 or the Veterans
Resource Center at 375-1184 for more information about the program.

On the state level, money from Proposition 41 is available for new or
rehabilitated housing for veterans.

The measure authorized the state to provide local governments, nonprofit
organizations and private developers with financial assistance, such as
low-interest loans, so that they may construct, renovate and acquire affordable
multi-family housing for low-income veterans and their families.

Bare said applications are being submitted to the state to build housing in
Marina in the Patton Park area next to Martinez Hall. The area currently has old
Army buildings that need to be torn down to make room for veterans and their
families.

"Even if we get to functional zero on homeless veterans, we still have people
coming back from conflicts, or losing jobs - it doesn't just stop in 2015," Bare
said. "But the focus will be on preventing vet homelessness as a nation."

Seaside Mayor Ralph Rubio, chair of the Monterey County Mayors Association, said
in a prepared statement that "through the Mayors Challenge to End Veteran
Homelessness, we will partner with our fellow cities, County offices, our local
Continuum of Care, veterans groups and other non-profits to do what we can, when
we can, to put an end to veteran homelessness in this county."

Over the past three years, the Obama administration, the Department of Housing
and Urban Development, and the Veterans Administration have partnered with
states and communities across the country to achieve a 24 percent decrease in
homelessness among veterans.

"The bottom line for me is that we have faith enough to send them out to fight,
as a country we should have the faith and confidence that they can be good
tenants and neighbors," Thoeni said.

James Herrera can be reached at 726-4344.

Homeless

From Page 1

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             965 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                               February 10, 2017

Council considers plans for housing near Durham Station

LENGTH: 482  words


DURHAM -- Property adjacent to the Durham Station Transportation Center may be
tricky to develop, but Durham City Council members are considering a
pre-development agreement with a joint venture group take on the challenge.

The 1.9-acre site is located at Jackson and Pettigrew streets, near the 400
block of Willard Street and 100-200 blocks of Jackson Street.

During the council's work session Thursday, representatives of a joint venture
between Durham-based Self-Help Ventures Fund and Raleigh-based affordable
housing developer DHIC discussed their interest in a mixed-use and affordable
housing project at the "L-shaped" property.

The architect of record for the project would be Raleigh-based Cline Design
Associates.

The council opted to pursue a mixed-use, mixed-income development alternative
anchored by multi-family residential rental units and private development at the
site, following a September 2015 Department of Economic and Workforce
Development presentation.

In October 2015, a request for qualifications was issued by the Department of
Community Development's Office of Economic and Workforce Development.

The city received one response -- in December -- to the request for
qualifications sent to 50 affordable housing developers nationally, said
Community Development Director Reginald Johnson.

"Staff reached out to members of the affordable development community in an
effort to determine why there was only minimal interest," Johnson said.

Based on discussions with a national developer and local developers, "the
Jackson/Pettigrew site is not consistent with typical tax credit applications
submitted to the North Carolina Housing Finance Agency, making it more risky."

The site's shape and topography adds to its complexity, along with its proximity
to the transit station at mitigating noise levels, according to developer
feedback to city staff.

During a news conference Tuesday, Durham Congregations Associations and
Neighborhoods (Durham CAN) representatives said the joint-venture partners are
local and proven.

"They are aware of the challenges, they are not coming in blind, and they see
potential," said Herbert Davis, senior pastor at Nehemiah Christian Church.

Since 2000, more than $1.3 billion worth of public and private investment has
been invested in downtown development, Davis said, adding,"But not one home has
been added there for low-income workers and transit users," he said.

Councilman Steve Schewel was unable to attend Thursday's work session, but sent
his colleagues an email earlier this week in support of the project.

"We all know Self-Help's ability to get difficult construction projects done
here in Durham," Schewel wrote. "And DHIC is, to my knowledge, the pre-eminent
affordable housing developer in the state of North Carolina with many
successful, complicated projects under its belt. I think this is a great
partnership that can serve us well."

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             966 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                             January 5, 2007 Friday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Developers Decide: Make Mine Modular, To Cut Building Cost; New Boom In Prefab
Homes; Factory-built sections seen as key to putting up worker housing for less
-- quickly

BYLINE: KATHLEEN DOLER

SECTION: INSIDE REAL ESTATE; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 826 words


Across the country, affluent communities and urban redevelopers are struggling
with work force housing needs -- employees are being priced out of living near
their work.

Efforts to counter that include a cost-saving construction approach. Some
developers are using modular or factory-built housing to assemble affordable
communities.

Is this a marriage built to last or just a fling? The pairing holds promise,
some familiar with it say.

"Modular housing and affordable housing are clearly dating, and they may be
engaged," said Fred Hallahan, principal of Hallahan Associates, a consulting
firm in Baltimore specializing in modular housing.

Modular housing does not mean mobile homes. It's single- or multi-family homes
constructed in a factory and transported in large segments for assembly
elsewhere. In contrast, "stick-built" or site-built houses and multiunit
buildings are put up piece by piece on location. Both types of construction can
meet local and state building codes.

Modular housing runs the gamut from low-cost structures to million-dollar homes.

Many large and small companies compete in the modular housing market. Hallahan
says Genesis Homes is the largest modular home maker. It's a division of
Champion Enterprises of Auburn Hills, Mich. He says next in size is Berkshire
Hathaway's Clayton Homes. Others are Coachmen Industries' All American Homes,
and Palm Harbor Homes. Hallahan forecasts that this year 39,000 units of modular
housing will be built and sold across the U.S.

Interest Spreads

The idea of mixing affordable housing with modular structures was first tried on
a significant scale in the 1990 s in New Jersey. Now it's done in California
resort spots and in urban settings such as Detroit.

Use of modular housing is driven by the rising cost of traditional construction
and the desire to finish projects fast, says Kevin Flaherty, vice president of
sales and marketing for Champion's Genesis Homes.

"Building costs all over California are so out of sight that we offer a great
solution," he said.

Modular makers tout the factory-controlled quality of their construction. They
talk about how buying materials in bulk lets them get cost reductions, and about
their labor efficiencies. They can set up shop in areas with a modest cost of
living and pay factory wages rather than union construction wages on-site.

Modular construction isn't as simple as building toy cabins with Lincoln Logs.
Transport can be difficult and costly. Bulky components require storage. Also,
developers must find skilled workers who know how to work with modulars.

Pacific West Communities in Nampa, Idaho, is building 10 modular affordable
housing communities in the West. One is a Lake Tahoe area 92-apartment complex
in Truckee, Calif., with two- and three- bedroom units that will rent for $650
to $930 a month. It's feasible to produce that many units in eight months using
modular construction, says Chief Executive Caleb Roope. Stick-built takes 15
months.

"We probably save 30% to 50% in schedule over stick-built," he said.

In the Detroit area, Sam Thomas, president of Star Development and Financial in
Ann Arbor, Mich., has built four affordable rental housing projects with Genesis
modulars.

"We like the quality of the modulars, and we like the speed with which we can
erect them," he said.

Modular housing also fits the bill as hurricane-devastated New Orleans recovers.
Planetta Custom Homes in Slidell, La., is using Genesis' modulars for 300 homes.

Finding Profit

How do developers make money on affordable, modular rental housing? They get
federal affordable-housing tax credits they pass on to investors in return for
financing. Star Development and Pacific West get funding for projects this way.

Sound complicated? It is. Thomas says he's been working with Great Lakes Capital
Fund in Lansing, Mich. A nonprofit community development finance organization,
it specializes in raising and investing equity in housing for lower-income
households and has invested $1 billion for 19,000 housing units.

Pacific West has a relationship with financial giant American International
Group, which funds projects in exchange for tax credits.

Pacific West plans two other affordable housing projects near Lake Tahoe, and
another developer is building 66 duplexes using modular construction. Thirty
will be sold as affordable housing to qualified buyers. The first 14 are priced
at $305,000, well under market value.

Area communities are trying to fill workers' housing needs. Court papers show on
the California side of Lake Tahoe, 20% of full-time residents have left in the
past two years, says Rachelle Pellissier, executive director of the Workforce
Housing Association of Truckee Tahoe.

"We've done surveys of the business community, and their employees have said
they're leaving because they can't afford to live here," she said. The area's
average family of four earns $63,000 annually. The median price of a home in
Truckee was a whopping $685,000 in 2005.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             967 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Amarillo Daily News (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 10, 2007 Wednesday

Bonds sought to fix up housing

BYLINE: Sean Thomas, Amarillo Globe-News, Texas

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 339 words


Jan. 10--A nonprofit is applying for $15.4 million in bonds to acquire and
renovate four Amarillo apartment complexes to provide multi-family housing.

Randall County commissioners learned of the developer's intent to apply for the
bond at Tuesday's meeting.

Mid-Continent Community Development Corporation will take ownership of Puckett
Place Apartments, Three Fountains Apartments, Canterbury Apartments and River
Falls Apartments from Amarillo Affordable Housing if the applications submitted
to the Texas Department of Housing and Community Affairs are approved.

Larry Bunn, president of Mid-Continent, said Tuesday current residents will not
be displaced by the renovations, which are expected to be completed by June
2008.

"The renters will not be displaced. We'll move them to another unit on site," he
said.

The program is funded through state bonds. Texas has the ability to allocate
almost $2 billion in 2007 in bond revenue to various projects that include
affordable housing, said Private Activity Bond Administrator Rob Latsha.

The four complexes, about 860 apartments, were built in the 1970s. Renovation of
the apartments hasn't happened since at least 1999, Bunn said. The scope of work
has yet to be determined, but Bunn said a third-party company will come in and
assess each unit.

Rent for the apartments will not change, he said.

According to an application, Win Lin Apartments is also applying for money from
the Texas Department of Housing and Community Affairs. Neither Chris Porter, who
was listed as authorized agent on the application, or management for the
apartment complex returned calls for comment.

To see more of the Amarillo Globe-News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.amarillonet.com. Copyright (c) 2007, Amarillo Globe-News, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070110-AX-HOUSING-BONDS-20070110

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AX


                       Copyright 2007 Amarillo Daily News


                             968 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                             April 15, 2002 Monday

Affordable apartment project starts in Garden City

BYLINE: Brad Carlson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 248 words


Construction has begun on a 72-unit apartment complex called Shannon Glen at
Riverside, near the southwest corner of State Street and Ulmer Lane in Garden
City.

About half of the apartments will be available at below-market rents, said Fred
Cornforth, managing partner in the project.

"While the overall market in Ada County is showing higher vacancy rates than,
say, a year ago, demand for affordable units has stayed constant even with the
delivery of new units," he said.

Cornforth expects the first apartments to be available by early July.

The project on 5.5 acres will feature two-story, sixplex buildings with two
"stacked" two-bedroom units in the middle and townhouse-style apartments on
either side, Cornforth said. A "community building" of 1,800 square feet, a pool
and playground also are planned.

Shannon Glen will cost about $5.9 million, he said. Wright Bros. The Building
Co., Eagle, and Caldwell architectural firm Ensley & Associates are involved in
the project.

Financing sources include state and federal tax credits for low-income housing,
Richmond Group (Greenwich, Conn.), U.S. Bank, and the Idaho Community
Reinvestment Corp. bank consortium.

Cornforth is CEO of Community Development Inc., which is based in Caldwell and
has housing projects in 11 Western states. Its sites include the Autumn Court
senior complex in Emmett and the Northe Parke multi-family project in Mountain
Home. CDI is managing partner of Shannon Glen at Riverside LP.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2002 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             969 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

            Colorado Springs Business Journal (Colorado Springs, CO)

                            December 7, 2001 Friday

Colorado Springs Real Estate Briefs: December 7, 2001

BYLINE: Becky Hurley

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1132 words


Looks like The London Group's Kevin Butcher, Mike Heritage, Sam Cameron, Dave
Lewis and Gary Barber are headed to a new headquarters in downtown Colorado
Springs. According to Sam Cameron, the commercial and land sales/development
firm expects to make their move by Summer 2002 to the 405 Courtside Plaza
building -- more than doubling the size of their current office. "I imagine our
existing space will be absorbed by the church," notes Heritage, referring to
Woodmen Valley Chapel's lease of a majority of the Windchime Center's available
space. The company is property manager for the Center which is locally owned. We
typically work with partnerships that invest in properties -- and we handle the
property management," says Butcher, noting Windchime and Courtside Plaza are
both in that category.

Kevin Butcher says there is no news on Intel deal yet, citing ongoing litigation
and discussions with the City before any deal can close on the 700 acre parcel.

In development news, the Countryside community just south and east of Fountain
is maturing rapidly. "This project has come a long way," Mike Heritage says,
"but developed about fifteen years later than original master-planner, Hal King,
envisioned in the 1980s." The property will eventually be home to 1500 homes,
the new $20 million Fountain-Ft. Carson High School and sports complex, a new
elementary school, a church, park land and some commercial development "The
entry level market for homes continues to be a strong one," says Heritage.
"Richmond Homes continues to take down 10 lots or so each month -- and Legendary
Homes is still doing four lots a month with us." As the developer for
Countryside, The London Group, led by Heritage, recently decided to sell fifty
acres to the Morley Companies -- in paper lots and raw land.

Expected soon: The London Group's announcement of a new local tenant for the
84,000 square foot Class A Compassion International Building.

Multi-family investors: El Paso County accepting proposals

El Paso County hopes to spur first-time homebuyers and apartment
owners/investors into action with the allocation of almost $5 million in bonds
for eligible housing purposes. Those purposes include single family home
financing and of special note to the multi-family real estate community, bonds
for construction or acquisition and rehabilitation of apartment complexes
serving low-to-middle income residents. Eligible projects must meet established
federal criteria as well as those of the county and state. Public purpose is of
paramount importance to the housing authority, especially in providing
affordable housing to low-income residents. Priority will be give to projects
that assist the greatest number or residents and assist those of lower income,
while maintaining acceptable quality standards.

Building owners take note

If your building is functionally obsolete and could benefit from new fiber optic
or telecommunications infrastructure, P2RS Group, Inc. Mechanical and Electrical
Engineers now offer turnkey Telecommunications/Network Design services for
building owners. "Building owners have it tough. They get bids from multiple
companies -- each offering their own unique system. Says Project Manager Mark
Bankson, "We provide a building owner competitive bids on telecommunications and
network systems -- an to make recommendations based on the overall project."

Woodmen extension a reality; powers freeway discussions meet resistance

In his recent address to the November RCIS meeting, held at the Bypass 24 Plaza,
Terry Schooler, land development engineer and consultant to the Woodmen
Extension Project, provided a snapshot of future access points from Powers east
to Highway 24. Those access/intersection points include: the new Woodmen and
Powers intersection currently underway; Tutt Road; the new Black Forest Rd.
interchange; Marksheffel Road; Banning Lewis Parkway; Lizard Head Road; and
Meridian Road which will be extended to Highway 24. The estimated $29 million
development will not only serve pockets of commercial and residential
development already underway near Falcon, but will allow development of much of
eastern El Paso County. The first $15 million of funding will come from federal
funds; the remainder, says Schooler, will be generated through special district
financing and some El Paso County funding.

Schooler also projected completion of the Powers-Research Parkway extension in
18-24 months. A consultant to the Woodmen project, Schooler was credited with
the successful development of Powers Blvd., utilizing similar financing and
funding techniques.

At the same meeting, Fred Vietch of Nor'Wood Development asked School to address
CDOT's proposal to turn Powers Blvd. from an expressway to a freeway,
eliminating certain at-grade intersections. "I think once the State sees the
negative affect such action would have on sales tax revenues and how it would
hurt commercial activities on Powers, they may reconsider," Schooler indicated.

The By-pass 24 Plaza RCIS meeting location, by the way, is more than half
leased, according to Grubb & Ellis Quantum listing agents, Jerry Knauf and Mary
Francis Cowan. Interesting that the U.S. Postal Service leases empty shell space
for storage over the holidays each year"

Transaction report

It has been a quiet week, just following the Thanksgiving holiday. Bob Garner of
NAI Highland Commercial does report that cabinet-supplier, DMS, recently leased
4,433 square feet of industrial space at 1485 Tuskegee Place in the Omaha
Business Park. Palmer McAllister represented the landlord.

Mortgage news

Conventional loan limits are set to rise by 9.3 percent according to an article
in this month's Realty Times. That means that the loan limit for "conventional
or conforming financing will increase from 275,000 to $300,000 for single family
homes as of Jan. 1, according to announcements from both Fannie Mae and Freddie
Mac. National rate averages for the week of Dec. 2 all rose from the previous
week:

30-year fixed:6.59%

15-year fixed:6.12%

Jumbo(30-year):7.01%

1-Year ARM:5.24%

EraShields posts big third quarter

Bill Hurt and the team at ERA Shields celebrated a record setting quarter,
ending the third quarter up 10 percent from last year. The agents who closed
more than $1.5 million in sales volume for third quarter included 34 ERA Shields
agents. Nineteen of those agents sold $2 million or more; six surpassed $3
million and two sold more than $4 million in real estate during the period.
According to Hurt, "Real estate sales for the calendar year continue to surpass
the record setting pace we established in 2000."

Would be interested to hear how other residential companies have fared in third
quarter -- and since.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2001 Dolan Media Newswires


                             970 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                     September 24, 2013 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Capital Bank: Jerome R. Bailey Elected to the Board of Directors at Capital Bank

LENGTH: 241  words


New Delhi, Sept. 24 -- Capital Bank is pleased to announce that Jerome R. Bailey
has been elected to its Board of Directors.  Mr. Bailey is currently Managing
Member of Bailey Real Estate Holdings, LLC in Washington, DC.  Bailey Real
Estate Holdings, LLC develops residential and commercial real estate and has
assisted the District of Columbia's initiative to house homeless, transitional,
and disabled families by offering affordable housing to low-to-moderate income
residents.  He oversees staff and contractors in the areas of business
operations, property maintenance and tenant relations.  He also has expertise in
acquiring, financing and developing multi-family properties.



"Mr Bailey brings the right blend of strategic and entrepreneurial acumen that
will help guide Capital Bank to continued success," said Ed Barry, CEO of
Capital Bank.  "Jerome has already been a great asset to the Bank as a customer
and Advisory Board member and we see his impact increasing as he joins the
Board."

Bailey is also a Managing Member of Redwood Ventures, LLC, a full service
development and construction firm focused on redeveloping neglected and
underutilized residential and commercial buildings throughout the District.

In addition, he is a Managing Member of Smith Commons, LLC a restaurant and bar
located in the H Street corridor.

Bailey received a Bachelor of Business Administration from Howard University
with a concentration in Actuarial Science.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             971 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                   Copyright (c) 2012 George Mason Law Review
                            George Mason Law Review

                                  Spring, 2012

                            George Mason Law Review

                           19 Geo. Mason L. Rev. 689

LENGTH: 27817 words

ARTICLE: DOES AMERICA NEED PUBLIC HOUSING?

NAME: Peter W. Salsich, Jr.*

BIO: * McDonnell Professor of Justice in American Society, Saint Louis
University School of Law; J.D. 1965, Saint Louis University School of Law; A.B.
1959, Notre Dame University. I appreciate the comments and suggestions given to
me by Matt Bodie, Chad Flanders, Roger Goldman, Joel Goldstein, Justin Hansford,
Yvette Liebsman, Carol Needham, Anders Walker, Sydney Watson, Michael Wolff and
other participants in a workshop at the School of Law. Research Librarians Lynn
Hartke, David Kullman, and Peggy McDermott were indispensable. Linda Lawhorn and
Ainsley Bochniak provided excellent research assistance. (c) Peter W. Salsich,
Jr.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... The Choice Neighborhoods Initiative, added in 2009 through the HUD Fiscal
Year 2010 Appropriations Act, extends the HOPE VI concept to other assisted
housing programs and moves beyond the physical boundaries of public housing
developments to focus on transforming surrounding neighborhoods.  ... Louis
public housing rent strike, wrote a memo to HUD officials proposing to expand
the URD program by authorizing PHAs to leverage URD funds with low-income
housing tax credit equity, and other state and local resources.  ... One of the
major changes was the creation of a separate Public Housing Capital Fund with
the merger of the Comprehensive Grant Program (which applies to housing
authorities with more than 250 units) and the Comprehensive Improvement
Assistance Program (which applies to housing authorities with fewer than 250
units) in order to provide financial assistance for renovating aging public
housing units, "an acknowledgment that the funding formula supporting PHAs did
not cover the actual costs of managing and maintaining public housing in
serviceable physical condition." ... The study authors noted, though, that
employment outcomes improved significantly in Chicago "when tenants left public
housing either by using vouchers or moving into mixed-income housing." ... Draft
Legislation The proposed PETRA legislation made three findings related to the
current state of housing administration: (1) HUD "provides rental assistance to
more than 4.8 million households through at least 13 different programs that are
implemented through an infrastructure comprised of some 4,200 public housing
agencies . . . 18,000 individual Federal contracts with private owners, and
hundreds of non-profit rental program administrators"; (2) "Substantial unmet
capital needs" of public and assisted housing units "hinder government efforts
to provide safe, high-quality, sustainable, energy-efficient affordable housing
"; (3) The current arrangement "unnecessarily increases transaction costs," adds
to the difficulty of obtaining rental assistance, "impedes fair access to scarce
resources," and fails to reduce the concentration of poor and minority families,
all at a time when "worst-case housing needs and homelessness are increasing
significantly." ... In a concentrated period during the 1960s, the idea that
nonprofessional residents of low-income neighborhoods could plan and run local
neighborhood development and social services programs manifested itself in
several settings: the citizen participation requirement in the federal Community
Action Program ("CAP") of the Kennedy-Johnson War on Poverty in 1964; the
advocacy planning movement of 1965; the Model Cities program of 1966, which
incorporated the advocacy planning movement but in a more limited fashion; the
advent of the Community Develop ment Corporation in 1967 with the Bedford
Stuyvesant Restoration Corporation of New York; and the tenant management
movement which originated in the public housing rent strikes of 1969.  ... While
local housing authorities received the bulk of the planning grants (thirteen of
seventeen grantees were local housing authorities), grants also went to the
Community Action Project of Tulsa, Inc., Jubilee Baltimore, Inc., Mt.

TEXT:
 [*689]

    Introduction

    "I didn't want to leave, but I didn't have a choice," Annie Ricks, the last
of fifteen thousand former residents of the Cabrini-Green public housing complex
in Chicago, stated upon leaving the eleventh-floor apartment where she lived
with five of her eight children. n1 Ms. Ricks and her children were forced to
leave in December 2010 because the building in which her apartment was located
had become so dilapidated that Chicago Housing Authority ("CHA") officials had
declared it uninhabitable. n2 Her new apartment, in a low-rise building on
Chicago's South Side, was completely renovated but smaller, with three bedrooms
instead of the five in the apartment she had to vacate. n3 Demolition of the
Cabrini-Green complex was part of the CHA's ambitious Plan for Transformation,
announced in October 1999 and begun in 2000 as a ten-year, but later extended to
a fifteen-year, plan to demolish obsolete high-rise public housing units and
replace them with twenty-five thousand new or rehabilitated public housing
units. n4

    Similar efforts at transformation of isolated, high-rise public housing
ghettos have been taking place across the country. This reform movement began
during the Reagan administration and was aided by Clinton-era legislation
authorizing a series of experiments to provide greater flexibility to local
public housing authorities ("PHAs"). n5 The programs include Home  [*690]
ownership and Opportunity for People Everywhere VI ("HOPE VI"), commenced in
1993 as a demonstration program n6 and established in 1998 as a regular U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development ("HUD") program, n7 and Moving to
Work ("MTW"), a demonstration program authorized in 1996 for thirty of the
roughly three thousand local PHAs. n8 These programs enable participating PHAs
to pool resources and enter into public-private partnerships in order to
leverage private investment and seek a broader socioeconomic mix of residents.
n9 One of the participating MTW agencies, the Atlanta Housing Authority, has
imposed a strict work requirement in return for receipt of subsidized housing.
n10

    Proposals advanced by President Obama would expand the public housing
transformation process by authorizing all PHAs to convert their public housing
portfolios to voucher-based portfolios n11 and to mortgage public housing real
estate to raise money for development and rehabilitation of low-income housing.
n12 The Choice Neighborhoods Initiative, added in 2009 through the HUD Fiscal
Year 2010 Appropriations Act, n13 extends the HOPE VI concept to other assisted
housing programs and moves beyond the physical boundaries of public housing
developments to focus on transforming surrounding neighborhoods. n14  [*691]

    Does twenty-first century America need a public agency that owns housing?
Policymakers have asked this question since the inception of the public housing
program, n15 and they continued to do so in 2011. n16 The debate over what would
become the public housing program began in an environment different in degree,
but not in kind, from the environment of 2011. In 1933, "approximately 15
million people were out of work . . . . [and t]housands of families were losing
their homes and their farms." n17 In 2011, almost fourteen million people were
unemployed and millions of people faced the loss of their homes to foreclosure.
n18 In the debate leading up to enactment of the Housing Act of 1937,
residential developers so feared the competition of government-owned and
operated housing that they prevailed upon Congress to sharply restrict public
housing's reach "only to those who could not afford what private enterprise was
willing and able to build." n19 In the first decade of the twenty-first century,
property owners and residents were so distrustful of very-low-income families
that the Housing Authority of Joliet, Illinois, was unable to find housing for
forty-four families despite contacting one thousand property owners in the
Joliet vicinity over a five-month period. n20

    But the dire situation of jobless and homeless families in 1933 did not mean
the original program was going to serve very-low-income households. Lawrence
Friedman describes the attitude about the people for whom public housing
initially was intended.

    Influence flowed not from the destitute, the descendants of the destitute .
. . the Negro ghetto dwellers, or the abject poor; it flowed from the submerged
and potential middle class. The ideal housing act, then, would be one which
would accept the new poor and reject the old

     [*692]

    poor; it would shut the doors on those with the ability to get housing
privately, but would not open the doors to people on the dole and likely to stay
there. n21

    Homeowners in many communities so feared the impact of public housing that
they prevailed upon their local and state representatives to confine public
housing developments to isolated ghettos. n22 But from its inception in 1937 to
the present, public housing has been the housing program with the deepest
subsidy, the program designed for households that cannot compete effectively in
the private housing market, and since the 1950s, the program that reaches the
lowest income quadrant of society.

    Questions posed in 2011 center around the future of the 1.2 million public
housing units in existence, all of which are at least forty-five years old and
most of which need substantial repairs and renovation. n23 Despite an estimated
$ 25 billion backlog in capital needs, Congress has reduced its level of support
for public housing considerably. The Fiscal Year ("FY") 2012 HUD budget Congress
approved in November 2011 included only $ 1.88 billion for capital needs, which
was 8 percent below the FY 2011 level and 22 percent below the requested amount.
n24 Is it realistic to expect Congress to appropriate the billions of dollars
needed to modernize the public housing inventory in the face of the current debt
and deficit concerns? How much will the private sector invest to align public
housing structures with present standards, considering the available subsidy
stream and the age and deterioration of the inventory? Will a major emphasis on
resident mo  [*693]  bility and private management of public housing units
undermine the resident/tenant management movement?

    Part I of this Article discusses the public housing program, including a
major rent strike in St. Louis that helped lead to dramatic changes in the
administration of public housing. Part II chronicles a series of efforts by
succeeding administrations to encourage greater investment in public housing by
the private sector and to reduce the role of the federal government. Part III
examines the Choice Neighborhoods Initiative, the Obama Administration's effort
to transform whole neighborhoods while shoring up public and assisted housing
within those neighborhoods. Part IV asks whether public housing has a future.
The Article answers the question in the affirmative, concluding that the Choice
Neighborhoods Initiative is a promising component of that future.

    I. The Public Housing Program

    The public housing program originated in the Housing Act of 1937, which
authorized federal financial support through Annual Contribution Contracts
("ACCs") with local PHAs for the construction of heavily subsidized rental
housing units to be owned and managed by the PHAs. n25 The Act defined a PHA as
any "governmental entity or public body . . . which is authorized to engage in
or assist in the development or operation of public housing." n26 In most
states, enabling legislation created independent local PHAs but conditioned
their ability to act upon a declaration by the governing body of a city or
county that such an authority was needed in that jurisdiction. n27 The program
was slow in getting started because of its complex nature and the intervention
of World War II. After the war, a fifteen-year building boom following enactment
of the Housing Act of 1949 produced most of the approximately 1.4 million public
housing units constructed. n28 PHAs raised funds for the construction of those
units through the issuance  [*694]  and sale of long-term, tax-exempt municipal
bonds. n29 The federal government pays principal and interest costs on those
bonds in fulfillment of commitments made through ACCs. Those commitments, in
turn, are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States. n30

    While the federal government paid for public housing construction costs
through the ACC structure, maintenance costs were a local responsibility to be
paid by rents received from public housing tenants. n31 In the early years, this
arrangement worked reasonably well because rents could be kept low as a result
of the federal subsidy. n32 Over time, though, changes in the makeup of the
tenant population, coupled with inflation, put heavy pressure on the public
housing rental structure and management system. n33

    By the fall of 1968, public housing in the major urban centers of America
was in crisis. Thirty years after Congress created the public housing program,
major shifts in the demographics of public housing residents from predominantly
white, middle-class families made "temporarily" unemployed by the Great
Depression to predominantly black, chronically unemployed individuals and
families had created serious budgetary pressures for PHAs. n34 Even though the
federal government picked up the tab for construction of public housing, urban
PHAs faced substantial deficits in their operating budgets because their new
tenant cohort could not afford rents high enough to cover all of the PHAs'
operating expenses. n35 To stave off default on their obligations, many PHAs
shifted from income-based rental  [*695]  policies to space-based ones, n36
which resulted in increased rents, particularly for families occupying three-
and four-bedroom apartments. n37 The impact of decisions to change rental
policies and/or raise rents was so great that tenants in a number of cities went
on strike and refused to pay the higher rents. n38

    A. St. Louis Public Housing Rent Strike

    One such strike occurred in St. Louis, Missouri. Following the St. Louis
Housing Authority's shift from an income-based rental policy to a space-based
rental policy in November of 1968, residents in several public housing complexes
in the city protested the higher rents and stated their willingness to begin
withholding rents on February 1, 1969. n39 Tenant councils and charismatic
tenant activists in the Carr-Square Village, Cochran Gardens, Vaughn, and
Blumeyer Village projects on the city's north side and Darst-Webbe and
Clinton-Peabody on the south side, led the rent strike. n40 Pruitt-Igoe, the
most well-known project because of its size and  [*696]  notoriety, n41 was not
an official participant in the strike, but individual tenants in Pruitt-Igoe did
withhold rents. n42

    When several thousand tenants withheld rents and deposited the funds in
escrow accounts at several banks, it became obvious that the striking tenants
were serious and that evicting all of the tenants who had not been paying rent
could, and most likely would, lead to chaos. n43 The major stakeholders held a
series of meetings during February 1969 in an effort to find a satisfactory
resolution of the rent strike. n44 This author participated in the meetings as
one of several legal aid lawyers representing tenants and others involved with
the rent strike. n45

    Two recollections remain from those meetings. The first concerns the
attendees. About twenty to twenty-five persons, representing various agencies
and organizations, sat around a large oval conference table. As individuals
introduced themselves, each one stated that his or her organization either was
not responsible for finding a solution or did not have the resources to do so,
thereby creating the impression that no one in the room was responsible.

    The second recollection is of a consultant to HUD who had flown in from
Washington, D.C., for one of the meetings. After listening to the discussion, he
declared that a solution to the problem would cost millions of dollars. Stating
that he did not have access to that amount of money, he announced that he had to
catch a plane and left the meeting. The cynical definition of an expert as one
who is 150 miles from home comes to mind whenever I think of that meeting.

    At the height of the rent strike in the late winter of 1969, a public
hearing was held in Jefferson City, Missouri, to discuss pending state
legislation that would provide financial support for the St. Louis Housing
Authority,  [*697]  enabling it to scale back its rent increases. n46 This
author helped arrange for public housing tenants to speak at the hearing. One of
the spokespersons for striking tenants was an elderly single woman who was a
long-time resident of public housing. After she finished her prepared remarks
emphasizing the need for state financial support of public housing, this author
recalls that a state representative from suburban St. Louis County asked her a
few questions, the substance of which are as follows:

    Q: What is your monthly income?


    A: I receive $ 90 per month from the state Welfare Department.


    Q: How much is your rent?


    A: I am charged $ 70 per month.


    Q: How do you eat?


    A: The dumpsters behind my building usually have a lot of food in them. n47

    This author witnessed that exchange and saw the incredulous looks on the
faces of the legislators. Despite the shocking revelation concerning the woman's
living conditions, the proposed legislation did not pass.

    Tenant leadership initially aimed its efforts primarily at a return to a
more affordable, income-based rental policy (rent levels at no more than 25
percent of income), but tenant participation in public housing management later
became an additional important goal.

    Repeated negotiations between HUD, City, and Authority representatives made
it clear to the rent strike leaders that a fundamental change in the institution
of public housing was needed in order to protect the interests of the residents.
. . . The strike leaders became increasingly convinced that a reduction in rent
levels, without a simultaneous realignment in the traditional lines of authority
and methods of operation within the Authority, would accomplish little. Rents
could always be raised again. This fact suggested both that tenants had to
participate in the management of the public housing program and in the
development of policy regarding the future operation of public housing. n48

     [*698]  The idea of tenant participation in management struck some
observers as a conflict in interest but made sense to others. n49

    The rent strike was settled the following October. An ad hoc organization,
the Civic Alliance for Housing, organized by local Teamsters Union leader,
Harold J. Gibbons, at the request of Ms. Jean King, one of the tenant rent
strike leaders, played a key role in negotiating a settlement. n50 Enactment of
federal legislation in 1969 known as the Brooke Amendment n51 enabled the
Authority to reverse its controversial rental policy. n52 The Brooke Amendments
(two additional ones were enacted in 1970 and 1971) established the principle
that public housing residents did not have to pay more than 25 percent (later
raised to 30 percent) of their income for housing (rent and utilities), n53
authorized HUD to provide operating subsidies to PHAs to make up the difference,
n54 and permitted tenants to be elected or appointed to governing boards of
PHAs. n55

    The Civic Alliance played a key role in implementing the
tenant-participation aspects of the settlement agreement by providing training
and technical assistance to a newly created Tenant Affairs Board ("TAB") made up
of elected representatives from each of the nine conventional public housing
developments in the City. The Civic Alliance also provided administrative and
management assistance to the Authority as it reorganized and installed a
decentralized management structure.

    TAB and the Authority collaborated on creation of a series of new policies
and programs, including a new standard lease form and a grievance procedure;
rent collection and extension policies; security, social services, and
modernization programs; and annual budget policies. They established a tenant
management program that enabled tenant associations to screen prospective
tenants, assist in the preparation of annual development budgets, and use
modernization funds. Tenant associations helped contact delin  [*699]  quent
tenants n56 and handled rent extension questions along with social service
referrals. n57

    Two years later, a series of Ford Foundation grants enabled the Authority to
establish tenant management corporations in five public housing developments.
n58 The experience in St. Louis helped spur a nationwide movement toward tenant
management, but the movement lost steam due to continuing budgetary pressures on
public housing and tenant difficulties in keeping their heads above water.
However, the principle of tenant representation on housing authority governing
boards, as well as establishment of resident advisory boards at individual
public housing developments, became accepted policy.

    Perhaps the high point of the tenant management movement came in 1988 when
then president Ronald Reagan invited three leaders of the movement to join him
while he signed the Housing and Community Development Act of 1987: Kimi Gray of
Kenilworth-Parkside Resident Management Corporation in Washington, D.C.; Bertha
Gilkey of Cochran Tenant Management Corporation in St. Louis, Missouri; and
Mildred Hailey, the founder of the tenant management movement at the
Bromley-Heath Tenant Management Corporation in Boston, Massachusetts. n59
President Reagan's three female guests, and the organizations they headed,
became national symbols of the tenant management movement. "They remind us that
ownership or control of one's own residence should be an opportunity for every
citizen," he stressed. n60

    The movement faltered in the 1990s. While the movement gave tenants a sense
of control over their environments, it did not succeed in improving the living
conditions in urban public housing. A negative audit by the HUD Inspector
General in 1995 led to concerns about the future of the tenant (now resident)
management movement. n61 The 1998 Housing Act n62 threw a lifeline to
functioning resident management corporations ("RMCs")  [*700]  by requiring PHAs
to make a portion of their capital and operating funds available to RMCs that
assume "primary management responsibilities" if the RMCs request management
funds from HUD and HUD "determines that the corporation[s have] the capability
to effectively discharge such responsibilities." n63

    But, as the Boston Globe noted in a November 14, 2010, editorial, "over the
years, it grew harder to maintain a base of highly motivated tenants willing to
undergo the intensive training" necessary to become successful managers. n64 For
example, the Chicago Housing Authority declined to renew its contract with the
Cabrini-Green Rowhouse Resident Management Corp. in 2005 n65 in preparation for
the closing and demolition of the Cabrini-Green project. n66 By 2010, Boston's
Bromley-Heath resident management corporation was one of only six such
corporations remaining in existence. n67

    B. Housing Production Shift to Private Sector Focus

    Most public housing units continued to provide decent housing for low-income
households. However, serious controversies over the location and condition of
high-rise public housing complexes within isolated urban ghettos led Congress
and the country to shift focus to the private sector in the 1960s and 1970s. n68
Remarkably, the public housing complexes that elicited such a spirited reaction
constituted less than 10 percent of the 1.4 million total public housing units
in operation. n69 No new public housing developments were authorized after 1965
as federal support for housing production shifted to private developers through
the Section 236 interest subsidy program authorized in 1968 n70 and the Section
8 new construction and substantial rehabilitation rental subsidy programs
authorized in 1974. n71 An additional shift in emphasis from supply-side housing
production support to demand-side tenant rental support led Congress to repeal
the Section 8 new  [*701]  construction and substantial rehabilitation programs
in 1983 n72 in favor of Section 8 existing housing certificates and vouchers.
n73 Both programs were merged into the Housing Choice Voucher program in 1998,
which local PHAs administered. n74 As the name implies, the Housing Choice
Voucher program places responsibility on prospective low-income tenants to
locate private landlords willing to accept a voucher as a portion of the rent.
n75

    Despite the fact that the original subsidy of public housing, payment of the
capital costs of new construction, continues to be the deepest housing subsidy
ever created in the United States, n76 tenant rents do not and cannot cover the
full cost of managing and maintaining the rental units owned by housing
authorities. Lingering effects of the public housing rent strikes, coupled with
a general consensus that urban high-rise public housing developments had become
undesirable urban ghettos, led to a series of experiments seeking answers to
what had become an intractable problem-thousands of extremely low-income
households trapped for generations in poorly designed, obsolete, and
deteriorating high-rise slums. In the six years between 1992 and 1998, five
demonstration programs were established: Moving to Opportunity, Family
Self-Sufficiency, Jobs-Plus, Moving to Work, and HOPE VI. n77

    1. Moving to Opportunity

    In 1992, Moving to Opportunity for Fair Housing ("MTO") engaged five large
housing authorities in a demonstration of the potential alleviation of poverty
through dispersal by means of vouchers coupled with extensive counseling. n78 Of
the twenty-one largest PHAs invited to apply, the housing  [*702]  authorities
of Baltimore, Boston, Chicago, Los Angeles, and New York City were selected. n79
MTO "tests the impact of housing counseling and other assistance on the housing
choices of Section 8 households . . . [with the goal of developing] more
effective mobility strategies for recipients of tenant-based housing assistance.
" n80

    2. Family Self-Sufficiency

    The Family Self-Sufficiency ("FSS") program, created by Section 554 of the
Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act of 1990, n81 sought ways to
provide necessary social services to enable public housing residents to become
self-sufficient. n82 It required participating housing authorities to provide
the services themselves or negotiate with third parties for the services. n83
FSS, a successor to Project Self-Sufficiency and Operation Bootstrap, n84 is an
active program that receives annual funding from the Housing Choice Voucher-FSS
escrow. n85 Participating families enter into a five-year "contract of
participation" with their housing authorities that spells out the steps both
parties will take as the family seeks economic independence. n86 As families'
earned income increases, a portion of their increased rent is deposited in an
interest-bearing escrow account maintained by the housing authority. n87 Upon
successfully completing the five-year program, families receive the funds that
have accrued in their escrow accounts, which they can use as they see fit. n88
[*703]

    A four-year study of a sample of FSS participants, the second of three
planned analyses of the program, reported that FSS program graduates during that
four-year period had accumulated an average of $ 5,300 in their escrow accounts,
approximately 27 percent of their income upon entering the program. n89 During
the four-year study period, 24 percent of 170 study participants successfully
graduated, 37 percent withdrew, and 39 percent remained enrolled. n90 The study
suggests that families that remain in and graduate from the FSS program receive
substantial benefits. n91 Based in part on the results of this study, HUD
awarded more than two hundred PHAs almost $ 15 million to continue enrolling
housing authority residents in the FSS program. n92 What may be the first
"closed-end rental agreement" requiring public housing residents who are not
elderly or disabled to obtain jobs and agree to leave their units within five
years is being promulgated by the Chattanooga, Tennessee, Housing Authority for
an eighteen-unit development that will replace twenty-eight 1970s-vintage public
housing units that were demolished in 2010. n93 The Chattanooga FSS Program will
assist residents in preparing for self-sufficiency by establishing escrow
accounts on their behalf. n94

    3. Jobs-Plus

    Jobs-Plus, a 1998 demonstration program, utilized six urban housing
authorities (Baltimore, Chattanooga, Dayton, Los Angeles, St. Paul, and Seattle)
"to test the impact of saturated, community-based employment services on public
housing residents' ability to secure and retain jobs." n95 The Jobs-Plus
programs combined three "core elements": (1) "Employment-related services"; (2)
"Financial incentives to work"; and  [*704]  (3) "Community support for work."
n96 During the four years (2000-2003) that the Jobs-Plus program was active,
participating residents in a study sample experienced average earnings increases
of 6 percent. n97 A later study followed participants at three of the sites
(Dayton, Los Angeles, and St. Paul) until 2006 because those three sites were
able to maintain all three core elements. n98 During that period, participants'
earnings increased by an average of "14 percent over the amounts earned by the
comparison group." n99 While employment impacts were smaller than the earnings
impacts, study directors concluded that "there is untapped potential for the
housing system-working with institutional partners-to increase the earnings of
the people who depend on it for housing assistance." n100

    4. Moving to Work

    In 1996, MTW recruited eighteen housing authorities, later expanded in
stages to thirty-three, to test the potential of allowing local housing
authorities greater flexibility in the use of public housing, Section 8,
operating assistance, and modernization funds. n101 Combined funds may be used,
under MTW agreements between PHAs and HUD, for a variety of activities,
including supportive housing, homeless/transitional housing, local rental
subsidy programs, homeownership assistance, gap financing, tax credit
partnerships, services for low-income non-residents, and supportive services
subsidies for low-income families. n102 In 2008, HUD entered into MTW agreements
with twenty-nine participating PHAs that extended their participation in the MTW
program until 2018. n103 The proposed Section 8 Voucher Reform Act includes a
provision that would allow up to eighty state and local housing authorities to
participate in the MTW program. n104  [*705]

    5. HOPE VI

    HOPE VI n105 has provided competitive grants since 1993 to encourage the
leveraging of private capital in order to transform urban high-rise public
housing projects into low-rise, mixed-income neighborhoods. n106 HOPE VI began
on a demonstration basis following publication of a report in 1992 that referred
to severely distressed public housing as "a national disgrace." n107 In response
to recommendations of the National Commission on Severely Distressed Public
Housing, Congress authorized the Urban Revitalization Demonstration ("URD"), the
precursor to HOPE VI, as part of HUD's FY 1993 appropriation. n108 URD grants
were made to urban PHAs to enable them to demolish severely distressed projects
and build new public housing with social services provided to their residents.
n109

    Near the end of URD's first year, Richard Baron, a St. Louis developer who
had been the lead attorney for the tenants during the previously discussed St.
Louis public housing rent strike, n110 wrote a memo to HUD officials proposing
to expand the URD program by authorizing PHAs to leverage URD funds with
low-income housing tax credit equity, n111 and other state and local resources.
n112 When Nelson Diaz, HUD's general counsel in 1994, opined that nothing in the
public housing enabling statute prevented a private entity from owning public
housing so long as it "followed the rules that applied to public housing," the
basic structure of HOPE VI was estab  [*706]  lished. n113 In 1998, HOPE VI
became a permanent HUD program with enactment of legislation authorizing PHAs to
"own, operate, assist, or otherwise participate in" mixed-finance projects, n114
and authorizing HUD to make grants to such agencies to enable them to
participate in public-private partnerships seeking to develop mixed-income,
mixed-financed housing. n115

    Since the program's inception, HUD has awarded 254 HOPE VI grants, totaling
more than $ 6.1 billion, to 132 local PHAs. n116 Displacement has been an issue
with HOPE VI, as approximately 84 percent of resident households moved from HOPE
VI sites, "most with relocation assistance, to private-market housing,
mixed-income developments, or other traditional public housing sites." n117
Reported cases tend to focus on allegations that racial discrimination is behind
the displacement in HOPE VI projects. n118 The Choice Neighborhoods Initiative
was developed to respond to weaknesses and limitations in the HOPE VI program.
n119

    In addition to authorizing the HOPE VI program, the Quality Housing and Work
Responsibility Act of 1998 made major changes in the public housing program,
most of which were designed to give housing authorities greater flexibility in
managing units under their control. n120 One of the major changes was the
creation of a separate Public Housing Capital Fund with the merger of the
Comprehensive Grant Program (which applies to housing authorities with more than
250 units) and the Comprehensive Improvement  [*707]  Assistance Program (which
applies to housing authorities with fewer than 250 units) in order to provide
financial assistance for renovating aging public housing units, "an
acknowledgment that the funding formula supporting PHAs did not cover the actual
costs of managing and maintaining public housing in serviceable physical
condition." n121

    Continued efforts to correct public housing ills, including the HOPE VI
program aimed at replacing blighted high-rise urban ghettos with new
mixed-income, mixed-use urban neighborhoods, resulted in some improvements but
did not resolve the budgetary problems of urban PHAs or the isolation of most
urban public housing residents. HOPE VI, in using a mixed-financing,
mixed-income model, "shifted the emphasis of housing policy from output (units
built and managed) to outcomes-housing quality, safety, resident outcomes,
economic opportunity, and the vitality of the surrounding neighborhood." n122 A
continuing study of the impact of HOPE VI on residents of five public housing
developments receiving HOPE VI funds concluded that residents "improved the
quality of their housing" and "felt significantly safer and less fearful of
crime," but they did not experience improvement in employment prospects or
self-sufficiency. n123 The study authors noted, though, that employment outcomes
improved significantly in Chicago "when tenants left public housing either by
using vouchers or moving into mixed-income housing." n124 HUD officials believe
the research findings "speak volumes about the most intractable barriers to
fighting the consequences of concentrated poverty." n125 Many HOPE VI residents
"remained economically at risk or were in poor health" despite improvements in
the quality and safety of their neighborhoods. n126

    Sheila Crowley, executive director of the National Low-Income Housing
Coalition ("NLIHC"), criticizes the implementation of HOPE VI because of the
resulting "involuntary displacement of tens of thousands of poor, predominantly
African American families from their homes and communities." n127 She
acknowledges that HOPE VI has resulted in better housing in safer neighborhoods
for significant numbers of relocated households. n128 However, she argues it has
had the effect of "disempowering" res  [*708]  idents. n129 Resident
participation in the planning and implementation of HOPE VI grants "has been
weak and ineffectual," and many residents who were not able to return to new
HOPE VI units felt "misled . . . that the redevelopment was really for them."
n130 She further argues that HUD "failed to accurately assess the serious
challenges" public housing residents encounter in their daily lives; it thus
failed to provide an appropriate level of social and economic support. n131

    In a May 2010 visit to St. Louis, HUD Secretary Shaun Donovan reflected on
the failure of urban, high-rise public housing, exemplified by the long-ago
demolished Pruitt-Igoe project in the city, which he considers "the most potent
symbol in the country of the failure of what was an ambitious experiment in not
only developing public housing but also . . . in rethinking cities that have
been over decades suffering broader post-industrial decline and the ravages of
segregation and concentrated poverty." n132 The demolition of the Pruitt-Igoe in
1974 led to "'a withdrawing of ambition not only for architects but (also for)
planners, policymakers (and) urban officials', he said. 'But I think what has
emerged over the last decade is a new sense of ambition . . . directed really in
a very different way.'" n133

    Racial segregation has plagued the public housing program from its
inception. n134 For example, the plan for the infamous Pruitt-Igoe public
housing project in St. Louis designated the 1134-unit William L. Igoe apartments
for whites and the 1736-unit Wendell Oliver Pruitt Homes for blacks. n135 Before
long, black families occupied virtually the entire development because of the
reluctance of white families to reside there. n136 Ten years of class action
litigation in the Chicago case, Gautreaux v. Chicago Housing Authority, n137
brought the problem to national attention. Court approval of a metropolitan-wide
remedy featuring the use of housing vouchers n138 led  [*709]  to a consent
decree providing major changes in the manner in which members of the Gautreaux
class were to be housed. n139 Another twenty years would pass before the 7,100
families affected by the consent decree would secure residence in private
housing. n140

    Despite the Gautreaux litigation and numerous other cases around the
country, n141 the problem of racial segregation in public and assisted housing
is far from being solved. A penetrating analysis of post-Katrina New Orleans by
Tulane Law Professor Stacy E. Seicshnaydre makes that point clear. n142 The
heart of her article is a detailed examination of actions taken by neighborhood
groups and suburban communities to block plans announced by the Housing
Authority of New Orleans and other government agencies to rebuild New Orleans by
encouraging movement of affordable housing away from low-lying areas and toward
a less concentrated environment. In doing so, she describes what she terms the
conflict between "two impulses pulling in opposite directions that operate in
tandem to perpetuate concentrated poverty and segregation." n143 "One impulse,"
to which people she terms the "anywhere-ists" respond, "is to take any
affordable housing that can be acquired and use it to meet critical housing
shortages." n144 The other impulse, to which "nowhere-ists" respond, is to
"block affordable housing in all forms." n145 The "'path of least resistance'
for both groups is . . . continued creation of government-assisted housing in
impoverished, isolated, or resegregating communities." n146 Professor
Seicshnaydre reaches three conclusions: the "path of least resistance" is not
compatible with fair housing law, regional distribution and management of
government-assisted housing is essential for compliance with fair housing
mandates, and "federal inter  [*710]  vention in the housing market must
encompass more than merely providing a subsidy." n147

    II. Moves Toward Privatizing Public Housing

    During the thirty-plus-year transformation from federal support for
construction of new public housing units to the Housing Choice Voucher program,
federal appropriations for repairs, maintenance, and overall management of the
1.4 million public housing units that had been constructed decreased
considerably. One study noted that funds for housing assistance programs,
including public housing maintenance and operations were cut almost in half,
from $ 56.4 billion to $ 29.2 billion per year (in 2004 constant dollars)
between 1976 and 2004, while funding for vouchers rose to $ 37.3 billion in
2004, an increase of over 400 percent since 1976. n148 By FY 2012, total funding
for all HUD programs had been reduced to $ 37.4 billion, a 9 percent cut from FY
2011. n149 The last three presidential administrations have sought to move the
federal government away from its direct responsibility for administering the
public housing program and closer to a program that private actors would own and
operate.

    A. HUD Reinvention: From Blueprint to Reinvention

    In 1995, the Clinton Administration introduced a series of proposals
designed to shift federal housing policy from the public housing program to a
system of tenant-based certificates. The Administration's proposal, included in
a proposed reorganization of the Department of Housing and Urban Development,
HUD Reinvention: From Blueprint to Action, called for a three-year "transition
from public housing to tenant based assistance," with larger PHAs to be given
two additional years to complete the transition. n150 In commenting on the
proposal several months later, then-HUD Secretary Henry Cisneros argued that the
existing system of capital and operating subsidies, and complex management rules
should be replaced with a system that required public and assisted housing
managers to compete with "simi  [*711]  larly priced housing for the assisted
tenants." n151 If they did not "improve the quality of their housing," they
would "go the way of the dinosaur." n152

    Two different ideas competed for attention in Congress at that time: (1)
convert public housing to vouchers to maximize tenant mobility and choice
regarding where to live, and (2) convert funding to block grants to states to
improve efficiency through competition. n153 Congress did not accept the
Administration's full proposal, but the 1998 Housing Act did take several steps
in the direction of privatization, including authorization of the HOPE VI
program, consolidation of PHA funding into two accounts (a capital account and
an operating account), and limited authorization for PHAs to seek private sector
investment. n154

    B. Public Housing Reinvestment Initiative

    Several attempts were made during the Bush Administration to respond to the
increasing backlog in public housing maintenance and preservation activity. In
2003 and 2004, HUD proposed a Public Housing Reinvestment Initiative ("PHRI")
that would have shifted funding of public housing maintenance and capital
expenditure needs from congressional appropriations to private sector mortgage
financing. n155 Former HUD Secretary Mel Martinez, in testimony before a House
subcommittee, called PHRI "our vision for the future of public housing," and
"also [one that] will encourage development-based financial management and
accountability in PHAs." n156

    PHRI would authorize HUD to approve PHAs' requests to convert public housing
developments, or units, to project-based vouchers, which would make it possible
for PHAs to pledge the public housing property as collateral for private capital
improvement loans. n157 The 2004 proposal added  [*712]  a federal guarantee of
up to 80 percent of loan principal. n158 The FY 2004 budget request included $
131 million to enable HUD to guarantee almost $ 2 billion in loans. n159
Congress did not fund PHRI, and the Bush Administration did not pursue the
matter. n160

    C. Transforming Rental Assistance (TRA/PETRA)

    Responding to the loss of over 150,000 public housing units through
demolition or sale and a backlog of maintenance and rehabilitation requirements
potentially exceeding $ 20 billion, n161 the Obama Administration proposed the
Transforming Rental Assistance ("TRA") initiative, a major restructuring of
public housing as well as numerous private rental assistance programs. n162 TRA
was presented legislatively in 2010, first as the Preservation, Enhancement and
Transformation Assistance Act ("PETRA"), and later that year as the Rental
Housing Revitalization Act ("RHRA"). n163

    The President included PETRA in his FY 2011 Budget Request. n164 The
proposal sought to preserve 300,000 public housing units in the first year and
an increasing number in subsequent years by reorganizing the administration of
rental assistance programs and by encouraging housing authorities to leverage
billions of dollars in private capital by borrowing from private investors. n165

    HUD Secretary Shaun Donovan, in a statement released with the proposed PETRA
legislation, identified three fundamental principles guiding PETRA. First, the
legislation will change how public housing developments are financed, not who
owns them or can live in them. n166 "What this bill won't do is 'privatize'
public housing," he emphasized. n167 Second, PETRA is designed to lessen the
complexity resulting from multiple rental assistance programs by merging other
rental assistance programs "with our core Section 8 program, creating new
opportunities for long-term property based contracts to preserve these units."
n168 The third principle is to "encourage resident choice" and "allow us to
provide portable vouchers to residents so  [*713]  they can move to another unit
if needed, but also allow us to preserve the original unit for another
vulnerable family." n169

    Secretary Donovan stressed that the three principles guiding the PETRA
legislation are designed to build a "strong foundation" for public and assisted
housing, and "put an end to the parallel system" of housing in which the 2.5
million poor families served by HUD's oldest programs live. n170 Invoking Brown
v. Board of Education, n171 Secretary Donovan asserted, "I believe a separate
housing system for low-income families is also inherently unequal." n172

    1. Draft Legislation

    The proposed PETRA legislation n173 made three findings related to the
current state of housing administration:

    (1) HUD "provides rental assistance to more than 4.8 million households
through at least 13 different programs that are implemented through an
infrastructure comprised of some 4,200 public housing agencies . . . 18,000
individual Federal contracts with private owners, and hundreds of non-profit
rental program administrators"; n174

    (2) "Substantial unmet capital needs" of public and assisted housing units
"hinder government efforts to provide safe, high-quality, sustainable,
energy-efficient affordable housing"; n175

    (3) The current arrangement "unnecessarily increases transaction costs,"
adds to the difficulty of obtaining rental assistance, "impedes fair access to
scarce resources," and fails to reduce the concentration of poor and minority
families, all at a time when "worst-case housing needs and homelessness are
increasing significantly." n176  [*714]

    PETRA has five purposes, including (1) preservation of "affordable housing
opportunities for the long term"; (2) "enhance[ment of] housing choice for
residents"; (3) "streamlining and improving the delivery and oversight of rental
assistance"; (4) creation of more uniform policies "to increase administrative
efficiency at all levels of program operations"; and (5) "facilitating adoption
of energy-efficient and green technologies . . . to reduce operating costs,
improve residents' quality of life, and enhance and protect the value of such
housing." n177

    The proposed legislation adds subsections (m) and (n) to Section 8 of the
United States Housing Act of 1937. n178 It also modifies existing Section
8(o)(13). n179 Section 8(n) covers long-term, property-based assistance
contracts ("PB contracts"). n180 Amended Section 8(o)(13) covers project-based
voucher rental assistance contracts ("PBV contracts"). n181 Section 8(m)
provides the basic authority for HUD to establish procedures and provide funding
to enable housing authorities and other owners of assisted housing to convert
their existing project-based rental housing assistance contracts, including
annual contribution contracts, into Section 8(n) PB contracts or Section
8(o)(13) PBV contracts. n182

    Properties eligible for conversion include project-based Section 8 units,
public housing units, rent supplement units, 236 interest subsidy units, and
"other Federal affordable housing programs, as authorized by statute." n183
PETRA requires HUD to establish uniform policies and procedures for a number of
matters, including resident access to housing choice vouchers, recognition of
legitimate tenant organizations, applicant and tenant procedural rights,
nondiscrimination and affirmative furthering of fair housing, administration of
the new rental assistance program, uniform physical condition standards,
disposition of properties in foreclosure or bankruptcy, and HUD's enforcement of
the new rental assistance contracts. n184

    Residents who have occupied properties being converted would have access to
housing choice vouchers (the "Choice Option"), "to the extent of available
resources," enabling them to move if they have lived in the property being
converted for at least two years. n185 PHAs administering tenant-based voucher
programs for properties selected for conversion must offer up to one-third of
vouchers available through turnover to families exercis  [*715]  ing the Choice
Option, and may establish a separate waiting list for the Choice Option. n186

    2. RHRA

    RHRA, a revised version of PETRA, was introduced December 1, 2010, as H.R.
6468 by Representative Keith Ellison, (D-MN). n187 RHRA retains the findings and
purposes of PETRA, n188 as well as the same fundamental organization. n189 By
adding two new subsections to Section 8 of the 1937 Housing Act and amending
another, it would authorize conversion of public housing and project-based
rental housing assistance contracts n190 through the execution of PB contracts
n191 or additional PBV contracts. n192 An additional new subsection spells out
in greater detail HUD's obligation to "promote informed choice regarding housing
opportunities"; n193 to protect tenants' rights to organize and be represented
by tenant organizations; n194 and detailing procedural rights of applicants for,
and tenants of, converted units. n195 The NLIHC identified a number of
improvements in RHRA, including a requirement that HUD offer and PHAs extend the
initial twenty-year rental assistance contract; n196 new authorization to
provide regional portability agreements and one-stop area waiting lists; n197
new statutory rights for tenants to organize; n198 new procedural rights
concerning denials of admission and "adverse actions involving income
determinations, tenant contributions, unit size, other conditions of continuing
eligibility . . . and eviction or termination of assistance"; n199 and new
access to building information by "legitimate tenant organizations." n200
Building information in  [*716]  cludes the identity of owners, annual operating
statements of profit and loss, subsidy contracts, HUD-conducted management
reviews, and information regarding replacement reserves and other escrow funds.
n201 One concern NLIHC expressed is the failure of RHRA draft legislation to
authorize new housing choice vouchers sufficient to meet the demand the resident
choice option is anticipated to trigger. n202 Instead, housing agencies would be
limited to their existing pools of vouchers, resulting in applicants remaining
on waiting lists for prolonged periods. n203

    a. Replacement of Destroyed or Demolished Public Housing Units

    Advocates for low-income households have long feared that controversies over
public housing would lead to a decline in the number of affordable housing units
in their communities. n204 The so-called one-for-one replacement rule, which
required PHAs to replace any destroyed or demolished public housing units with
an equal number of comparable units, n205 enabled public housing residents and
advocates to block efforts to remove units from the public housing inventory.
n206 But the rule also frustrated public housing managers who believed it
unreasonably restricted their efforts to replace units that had deteriorated,
had been abandoned, or had become dangerous. n207 HUD suspended the rule in 1995
to enable the HOPE VI experiment to proceed, n208 and Congress formally repealed
it in 1998. n209 Since that time, advocates have sought its reinstallation.
[*717]

    RHRA includes a modified replacement rule. A "plan acceptable to the
Secretary for timely replacement of each unit" must be presented whenever a
conversion request includes demolition, disposal, or conversion of public or
assisted housing units. n210 Replacement housing must "reflect the number of
bedrooms that are needed to adequately serve returning tenants, households
currently on the waiting list and to meet future needs based on other market
data," n211 and it must not result in fewer disability-accessible housing units.
n212 Replacement housing may be located as far as twenty-five miles from the
property being converted when "necessary to-(I) comply with fair housing
requirements; (II) deconcentrate poverty; (III) provide appropriate densities
for the property being converted; (IV) promote location-efficient communities;
or (V) meet other factors as determined by the Secretary." n213 Off-site
replacement housing must provide "access to economic opportunities and public
transportation," must "not be located in areas of minority concentration . . .
or in areas of extreme poverty, except in areas that qualify as revitalizing
neighborhoods, as defined by the Secretary." n214

    Though generally supportive of the RHRA provisions, NLIHC announced that it
"will seek an improved one-for-one replacement policy for hard housing units" in
lieu of the emphasis the bill places on use of replacement vouchers. n215
Representative Maxine Waters (D-Cal.) has continued to press for restoration of
the one-for-one replacement policy, as illustrated by her proposed Public
Housing Reinvestment and Tenant Protection Act of 2011, which she introduced in
February 2011. n216

    b. Rental Assistance Demonstration

    Congressional preoccupation with debt and deficit problems, coupled with
Republican control of the House of Representatives, brought legislative action
on most domestic issues to a virtual standstill in 2011. Congress took no action
on PETRA or RHRA, leading HUD to recast its basic Trans  [*718]  forming Rental
Assistance initiative underlying those legislative proposals. n217

    HUD included a scaled back Rental Assistance Demonstration ("RAD") in its
2012 budget request. n218 It sought $ 200 million to support conversion of
approximately 255,000 public housing units, 1600 Rent Supplement and Rental
Assistance Program units, and 6000 Moderate Rehabilitation units. n219 Funds
will be used to convert the units to "an improved form of long-term,
project-based Section 8 contracts." n220 HUD estimates that participation in the
conversion process, which would be voluntary, "will enable PHAs to leverage over
$ 6 billion in private debt and equity capital" and "to address immediate and
long-term capital needs, improve operations, and implement energy-efficiency
improvements." n221 The final FY 2012 bill authorizes a smaller RAD for a total
of sixty thousand public housing and mod rehab units. n222 The proposed
legislative language implementing the demonstration requires HUD to include in
the demonstration a variety of public housing units in PHAs of various sizes and
in a "broad range of locations and markets." n223 Residents in at least 90
percent of participating units must be given the choice to move with continuing
Section 8 assistance "within a reasonable time." n224 Conversion selection
criteria and procedures must include "reasonable requirements for consultation"
with affected residents and their resident advisory boards. n225 Converted units
must be owned or controlled by public or nonprofit entities, except that
"capable other entities" may own or control converted units if no capable public
or nonprofit entities are available as a result of "foreclosure, bankruptcy, or
termination and transfer of assistance for material violations or substantial
default." n226  [*719]

    III. Choice Neighborhoods Initiative

    While continuing to seek legislative reform of public and assisted housing
programs, the Obama Administration has implemented an extension of the HOPE VI
program called the Choice Neighborhoods Initiative. n227 Rather than focusing
exclusively on distressed public housing projects, the Choice Neighborhoods
Initiative expands the HOPE VI concept by applying it to distressed
neighborhoods in which public and/or assisted housing developments are located.
n228 The Choice Neighborhoods Initiative originally was designed to replace HOPE
VI, but Congress retained HOPE VI in HUD's 2010 appropriation at $ 200 million
and allocated a portion of that amount ($ 65 million) to the Choice
Neighborhoods Initiative. n229 A competitive grant program, the Choice
Neighborhoods Initiative has two stages: planning grants (the first seventeen
grants, totaling $ 4 million, were awarded in March 2011 to cities in fourteen
states) n230 and implementation grants (five cities-Boston, Chicago, New
Orleans, San Francisco, and Seattle-were awarded the first implementation grants
totaling $ 122 million in August 2011). n231 While Congress cut the HOPE
VI/Choice Neighborhoods appropriations for FY 2011 in half to $ 100 million,
n232 the Obama Administration requested $ 250 million for the Choice
Neighborhoods Initiative in FY 2012. Congress subsequently approved $ 120
million. n233

    The Choice Neighborhoods Initiative was established to respond to the
limitations faced by HOPE VI residents, which include displacement from public
housing and lack of employment and self-sufficiency gains. n234 In announcing
the Choice Neighborhoods Initiative, HUD stressed the im  [*720]  portance of
emphasizing neighborhood transformation rather than focusing solely on public
housing redevelopment. Assisted housing would be included along with public
housing, and public funds would be used to leverage investments from the private
sector. n235 Perhaps most importantly, residents and neighborhood institutions
were to be involved "in all phases of planning and implementation." n236

    Choice Neighborhoods seeks to respond to HOPE VI's "inability to address
multi-faceted problems in residents' lives, such as health issues and
employment." n237 In requesting funding for the Choice Neighborhoods Initiative,
HUD described three "core goals" for the program:

    1. Housing: Transform distressed public and assisted housing into energy
efficient, mixed-income housing that is physically and financially viable over
the long-term;


    2. People: Support positive outcomes for families who live in the target
development(s) and the surrounding neighborhood, particularly outcomes related
to residents' health, safety, employment, mobility, and education; and


    3. Neighborhood: Transform neighborhoods of poverty into viable,
mixed-income neighborhoods with access to well-functioning services, high
quality public schools and education programs, high quality early learning
programs and services, public assets, public transportation, and improved access
to jobs. n238


    A. First Implementation Grants

    The five Implementation Grants support complex public-private partnership
developments that go well beyond the traditional focus on redeveloping housing.
For example, in New Orleans, the Housing Authority is joining forces with the
City of New Orleans, two for-profit real estate development companies, n239 the
Recovery School District, the New Orleans Police Department, the Tulane
Community Health Clinic, and several non-profit agencies engaged in workforce
development, community organizing, and early childhood education to transform
the historic Iberville/Treme neighborhood, which is dominated by the
seventy-year-old Iberville Public Housing project. n240 The $ 30.5 million
Choice Neighborhood grant pales in comparison to the $ 1.15 billion in private
and public commitments from the Housing Authority's partners, but it serves an
important leveraging function for the initial phase of the neighborhood
transformative effort.   [*721]

    Under the Iberville/Treme Transformation Plan, twenty-four of the
seventy-four low-rise brick buildings in Iberville will be renovated, and the
other fifty will be demolished. n241 A total of 913 new and rehabilitated units
will replace the original 821 obsolete and distressed units. n242 304 of the 913
new units will be public housing available to current Iberville residents. n243
The balance will be allocated evenly between low-income housing, tax
credit-eligible, and market-rate units. n244 The plan also calls for an
additional 1518 rental units to be developed, one-third of which will be public
housing or project-based Section 8 units. n245 Fifteen sites have been
identified for homeownership units. n246

    In addition to housing, "the development team will implement a
results-oriented case management model to help adults achieve self-sufficiency,
place-based job training and readiness programming and to help children access
targeted education/training and literacy strategy." n247 "The New Orleans Police
Department will collaborate to implement a sustainable violence prevention
program that includes . . . organized neighborhood watches, youth mentoring
programs and a renter/homeowners association." n248

    Other grant cities are pursuing similarly comprehensive and complex
neighborhood transformative efforts. Boston's Quincy Corridor Transformation
Plan, which received $ 20.5 million, is a $ 92 million effort to replace a
blighted, scattered, 129-unit, HUD-assisted housing development with forty-nine
new and eighty-nine renovated units. n249 Existing vacant and foreclosed
properties will be redeveloped to provide new affordable housing, housing for
elderly residents, and workforce housing. n250 The education portion of the
plan, emphasizing early learning quality and accessibility, will be carried out
in conjunction with "Boston's Circle of Promise Initiative, a comprehensive
community integration plan to transform public education." n251 The Dudley
Street Neighborhood Initiative, coordinator of the comprehensive community
effort, has received a Promise Neighborhoods  [*722]  Planning Grant to help
"connect housing and development resources to education and access to economic
opportunity." n252

    MBS and the San Francisco Housing Authority received $ 30.5 million as seed
money for the $ 245 million Eastern Bayview/Alice Griffith Comprehensive
Transformation Plan targeting the Alice Griffith public housing development and
its surrounding neighborhood in southeastern San Francisco. n253 A total of 1126
units will be developed, including replacements for all 256 units of the
two-story townhouses in Alice Griffith. n254 Job readiness, training, and
placement programs will be offered to Alice Griffith residents. n255 Health care
access will be improved through expansion of the Southeast Health Center and the
development of a senior center and aging campus. n256 Educational programs,
including principal leadership, teacher effectiveness, data-driven instructional
improvements, and wrap-around services provided by family support nonprofits
will be added, as well as an early learning center on the Alice Griffith site.
n257

    Chicago's $ 30.5 million grant is to a partnership formed by the nonprofit
development company Preservation of Affordable Housing, Inc., with the City of
Chicago, the Jane Adams Hull House, the University of Chicago, LISC Chicago, and
others to redevelop Grove Parc Plaza, a blighted 504-unit, project-based Section
8 development and the surrounding Woodlawn neighborhood on the city's south
side. n258 The University of Chicago will open its Laboratory High School to
neighboring residents and will extend the range of its security operations to
the neighborhood. n259 The Chicago Police Department will carry out several
major anti-gang initiatives previously shown to succeed in dramatically reducing
violence in similar urban settings. n260 Hull House will coordinate social
services and provide case management to residents of both Grove Parc and the
surrounding neighborhood. n261 An education collaborative, the Woodlawn
Children's Promise Community, is assisting the Chicago School District and
individual school  [*723]  principals in providing teacher training and
accountability programs, extending learning environments, and involving parents
and family in the education of their children. n262

    The Housing Authority of the City of Seattle received $ 10.27 million to
support a fifteen-year, multi-million dollar plan for the transformation of the
Yesler neighborhood. n263 The Choice Neighborhoods grant will support the first
phase-the demolition of forty public housing units at Yesler Terrace, a 561-unit
public housing project, and construction of ninety-seven replacement units, as
well as 141 new market rate and affordable housing units. n264 The overall plan
calls for demolition of the entire Yesler Terrace project and the development of
up to six thousand mixed-income units along with "retail, educational
facilities, health clinics, urban agriculture, parks, new transportation
infrastructure and other community amenities in the neighborhood." n265 Other
partners in the Yesler neighborhood plan include the City of Seattle, Seattle
University, Seattle Public Schools, Historic Seattle, Neighborcare Health,
Neighborhood House, the Workforce Development Council, the Seattle Department of
Transportation, and Perry Rose Development, a Denver-based company that
specializes in green urban infill development. n266

    B. Model Cities by Another Name?

    At first glance, the Choice Neighborhoods Initiative resembles the Model
Cities program of the 1960s. As part of President Lyndon Johnson's War on
Poverty, Congress initially created the Model Cities program as a demonstration
of the possibilities of coordinated federal action to revitalize urban ghettos.
n267 The Model Cities program ended the traditional practice of awarding a
series of uncoordinated "categorical" grants to cities for various types of
physical development and social services programs. n268 Instead, it  [*724]
provided federal funds to enable recipient cities to prepare local plans for
targeted areas ("model neighborhoods"). n269 The recipient cities were tasked
with developing "project proposals, including budget summaries, for such
functional areas as housing, social services, education, health, manpower
training and employment, transportation, recreation, and economic development."
n270 A total of 150 cities received one-year planning grants. n271

    Consistent with the philosophy of the War on Poverty, the Model Cities
program required participating cities to include citizens and their
representatives in the local planning process. n272 However, Congress gave local
governments, rather than private, nonprofit community action agencies, ultimate
responsibility for local programs. n273 "Participation of the poor (or
neighborhood residents) was to be limited rather than maximized, and
governmental and business participation was to be guaranteed."  n274

    But cities were new to the idea of citizen participation and its corollary,
advocacy planning, a "term coined by the American planner Paul Davidoff in 1965,
meaning architectural design and planning for powerless, inarticulate inner-city
groups, notably when resisting destructive schemes by planning authorities,
government agencies, or similar bodies." n275 In a concentrated period during
the 1960s, the idea that nonprofessional residents of low-income neighborhoods
could plan and run local neighborhood development and social services programs
manifested itself in several settings: the citizen participation requirement in
the federal Community Action Program ("CAP") of the Kennedy-Johnson War on
Poverty in 1964; n276 the advocacy planning movement of 1965; n277 the Model
Cities program of 1966, which incorporated the advocacy planning movement but in
a more limited fashion; n278 the advent of the Community Develop  [*725]  ment
Corporation in 1967 with the Bedford Stuyvesant Restoration Corporation of New
York; n279 and the tenant management movement which originated in the public
housing rent strikes of 1969. n280

    The early days of the citizen participation and advocacy planning movements
often were chaotic. For example, the author's first client in private practice
was the newly created St. Louis Model City Agency. The city designated as its
Model Neighborhood Area a large swath of the near-north side containing five
neighborhoods: Carr Square Village, Montgomery-Hyde Park, Murphy Blair,
Pruitt-Igoe, and Yeatman. n281 Two of the neighborhoods-Carr Square and
Pruitt-Igoe-contained public housing developments, and the other three contained
subsidized housing developments. n282 The city was to use the Model Cities funds
to prepare a comprehensive plan for the Model Neighborhood Area. n283

    This author, along with neighborhood residents, participated in a week-end
charette organized by a young architect n284 to give residents an opportunity to
express their views on what should be the Model City plan priorities. n285 By
Sunday afternoon, the residents and their advisors had prepared a plan
addressing the neighborhoods' child care, employment, health care, housing, and
social-services needs. n286 But when local and federal offi  [*726]  cials
analyzed the residents' plan, they determined that the implementation price tag
was well beyond the expected allocation of funds for the St. Louis program. n287
The plan would have to be cut back severely. The residents were extremely
disappointed, leading this author to question whether unrealistic expectations
and insufficient resources would cause the Model Cities program to founder. n288

    The Model Cities program was absorbed by the Community Development Block
Grant ("CDBG") in 1974, after only eight years of existence. n289 But the idea
of citizen participation endured, although the CDBG citizen participation
requirements "only allow one-way communication of information to the public; any
response of approval or disapproval by the community need not impact the final
outcome." n290 In the decades since the War on Poverty and the Model Cities
program, citizens and local officials became used to the idea that a forum would
be made available for citizens to communicate ideas about, and respond to, local
development initiatives.

    The Choice Neighborhoods Initiative, while it resembles the Model Cities
program, differs from it in several important ways. It is a competitive grant
program at both the planning and implementation phases. Model Cities was a
competitive planning grant program, but implementation funds had to be cobbled
together from categorical grant programs. n291

    In the first year of Choice Neighborhoods awards, seventeen successful
applicants received planning grants ranging from $ 167,000 (Jackson, Tennessee,
Housing Authority) to $ 250,000 (awarded to thirteen of the seventeen grantees),
and five other grantees received implementation awards of $ 10 (Seattle), $ 20
(Boston), and $ 30 million (Chicago, New Orleans, and San Francisco). n292 While
local housing authorities received the bulk of the planning grants (thirteen of
seventeen grantees were local housing authorities), grants also went to the
Community Action Project of Tulsa, Inc., Jubilee Baltimore, Inc., Mt. Vernon
Manor, Inc., in Philadelphia, and the Northwest Louisiana Council of
Governments. n293 In announcing the grants, HUD stated that it was "focused on
directing resources to address three core  [*727]  goals-housing, people and
neighborhoods." n294 The funds are to be used to build capacity "to undertake a
successful neighborhood transformation" and to "enable [grantees to] create a
comprehensive 'Transformation Plan,' or road map, to transforming distressed
public and/or assisted housing within a distressed community." n295 In addition
to housing, grantees were said to be committed to "leveraging investments to
create high-quality public schools, outstanding education and early learning
programs, public assets, public transportation, and improved access to jobs and
well-functioning services." n296 The recipients of the first group of
Implementation Grants "have already undertaken the comprehensive local planning
process" n297 and have established partnerships to which they have committed
millions of dollars. n298

    The Choice Neighborhoods Initiative is designed to build on the
strengths-mixed-income, mixed-use development, private investment-and the
weaknesses-displacement and inability to affect surrounding neighborhoods-of
HOPE VI, a program that has been in existence for almost twenty years. n299 The
Model Cities program, by contrast, was part of the groundswell of the mid-1960s
Great Society. n300 As one of the first serious efforts to coordinate federal
urban revitalization programs, it had very little experience from which to draw
ideas and approaches.

    As the author's St. Louis experience suggests, Model Cities in many ways was
starting from scratch. Citizen participation still was a new idea-the CAP was
only two years old and quite controversial. For example, prior to the author's
brief stint in private practice and his experience with Model Cities, he worked
for the Missouri state agency responsible for implementing the CAP in Missouri.
His territory was the five-county "boot heel" of the state. When he returned to
his office in Jefferson City, Missouri, the day after his first meeting-an
organizational meeting of a not-for-profit community action agency that began at
6 o'clock p.m. and lasted until after 2 o'clock a.m.-he was called to the
Governor's office to explain what he was doing in the boot heel. The Governor,
the late Warren Hearnes, a native of that part of the state, told the author
that some of his friends had called inquiring about the reason for the meeting.
They expressed particular con  [*728]  cern that state and federal officials had
organized the meeting without input from local public officials. n301

    Citizen participation in the 1960s was a new idea. Neighborhood advocates
and citizen organizers had little in the way of national advocates and back-up
research support in those days. n302 Local public officials were suspicious of
advocacy planners and their citizen clients. They in turn were suspicious of
local public officials. n303 Today, citizen participation is an accepted part of
federal, state, and local relationships, although sometimes honored in the
breach. n304 A host of national advocates and research centers, such as the
National Law Center on Homelessness and Poverty, the NLIHC, the Enterprise
Foundation, the Local Initiatives Support Corporation, and others, provide
national advocacy and research support for local planning and citizen
participation efforts. n305

    The Choice Neighborhoods Initiative has the makings of a successful program
if it can survive the vicissitudes of Washington political and legislative life.
The HOPE VI/Choice Neighborhoods appropriation for  [*729]  fiscal year 2011 was
cut in half, and a House Appropriations Subcommittee eliminated the Obama
Administration's $ 250 million request for Choice Neighborhoods for FY 2012.
n306 Congress subsequently approved $ 120 million. n307

    Choice Neighborhoods incorporates insights gained from HOPE VI. Development
teams receiving implementation grants plan to stress "interaction and
connectivity" throughout the targeted neighborhoods. n308 Collaboration among
developers of physical space and providers of neighborhood social services is a
hallmark of both planning and implementation grant recipients, whose
interdisciplinary teams anticipate being able to achieve leverage ratios of
approximately 9 to 1 "by tapping a variety of funding sources both public and
private." n309 The Choice Neighborhoods Initiative is starting slowly, which is
both good and bad. It is good because ideas and approaches can be tailored to
unique aspects of target communities and can be tested and evaluated before
"going national"; but it is bad because the need for transformative activity
across the country is so great and the resources to support such activity are so
thin at the present time.

    The keys to its success are likely to be its ability to garner greater
public support while avoiding the urban renewal legacy of displacement and
gentrification which has hurt the HOPE VI program. n310 Can the Choice
Neighborhoods Initiative truly transform distressed communities without
replacing the people who live in them? Planning and implementation grant
recipients will attempt to do just that. For example, Chicago's 504-unit Grove
Parc Plaza will be demolished and replaced with approximately 510 Section 8
units, 210 on the Grove Parc site and 300 in the neighborhood surrounding Grove
Parc, as well as approximately 460 non-Section 8 units, some on the Grove Parc
site and the rest in the neighborhood. n311 If Chicago and the other grant
recipients succeed, the answer will be yes, and the pro  [*730]  gram will
deserve the transformative label. If the answer is no, the Choice Neighborhoods
Initiative is simply Model Cities by another name.

    IV. Does Public Housing Have a Future?

    Three successive Administrations (two Democratic and one Republican) have
sought to move the federal government away from ownership and management of
housing, arguing that the private sector can better handle development and
management responsibilities. n312 Congress has resisted efforts to give up on
the public housing model while acknowledging, with its legislative authorization
of the HOPE VI program, n313 that the model as originally implemented in urban
high-rise developments fostered isolation rather than integration and helped
trigger serious declines in the quality of urban life.

    But often lost in the debate about the future of public housing is the fact
that the high-rise ghettos at the center of public housing controversies
represent less than 10 percent of the total public housing units in existence.
n314 More than 90 percent of the 1.4 million units were providing "an important
rental housing resource" in cities, towns, and villages throughout the nation
when the National Commission on Severely Distressed Public Housing reported on
their status in 1992. n315 Since that time, units have aged, and repair and
maintenance concerns naturally have increased. In an age of extraordinary budget
deficits, prudence dictates that efforts be made to find ways to reduce public
expenditures while preserving as much of the public housing inventory as
possible.

    Advocates for low-income families are well-advised to closely monitor HUD's
PETRA/RHRA/RAD strategy. Leveraging private investments to raise funds for badly
needed public housing repairs and renovations makes sense, particularly in the
current period of stringent budgets. But the recent collapse of the private
housing market and the resulting foreclosure crisis raise the specter of a
similar calamity were public housing to become privatized, something that HUD
Secretary Shawn Donovan stresses is not part of the current strategy. n316

    Public housing has remained a fixture of American life because a small but
substantial, and growing, segment of society lacks the resources to compete for
housing in the private market. The severity of the current  [*731]  situation is
illustrated by the Census Bureau's 2010 data on income and poverty showing that
15 percent of the total population (over 46 million people) had incomes below
the poverty line (approximately $ 22,000 for a family of four) in 2010. n317
While current housing voucher programs can offer an effective way for low-income
families to obtain housing through the private market, these voucher programs
are woefully underfunded and have their own ghetto-creating propensities because
of the longstanding reluctance of residents and landlords in more stable
neighborhoods to welcome voucher holders. n318

    A Department of Justice ("DOJ") lawsuit against the City of Joliet,
Illinois, illustrates a fundamental weakness in the voucher programs. The DOJ
sued the City on August 4, 2011, to block an eminent domain action by the City
against the owners of Evergreen Terrace, an eight-building apartment complex
with 356 units subsidized since 1982 through the Section 8 project-based
program. n319 The development is located across the Des Plaines River from the
downtown area of the City. n320 Over 95 percent of its residents are
African-American. n321 In the late 1980s, the City developed a revitalization
plan for the downtown and riverfront calling for mixed-income housing to replace
Evergreen Park. n322 Since that time, according to the complaint, Joliet
officials have continued to express "opposition and hostility" to the
development and tried to block restructuring of the twenty-year Section 8
Housing Assistance Payment contract into new thirty-year affordable housing
regulatory and use agreements in return for multimillion-dollar direct loans
from HUD to enable substantial rehabilitation of Evergreen Terrace units under
the Mark-to-Market ("M2M") Program. n323  [*732]  When the M2M refinancing was
approved, the City Council passed a resolution declaring the apartment complex
"a public nuisance and a blighted area." n324 Shortly after the refinancing
agreement was signed, the City filed suit to condemn the property. n325

    The City's lawsuit prompted a resident of Evergreen Terrace to file a
housing discrimination complaint with HUD alleging that the City's eminent
domain action constituted racial discrimination in violation of the Fair Housing
Act. n326 HUD transferred the complaint to the DOJ, which subsequently filed a
complaint seeking monetary damages and an injunction blocking the condemnation
proceeding "unless [the City] develops and implements a plan providing for
sufficient adequate and affordable housing" for anyone displaced from Evergreen
Terrace. n327

    While Evergreen Terrace is a privately owned development, the Joliet
controversy is relevant to the future of public housing. The fact that the
Section 8 subsidy is tied to the particular units making up Evergreen Terrace
creates an operational structure that resembles public housing in that all units
are concentrated in one place, rather than scattered throughout the community as
Housing Choice vouchers are designed to be. The DOJ's complaint alleges that,
rather than continue Evergreen Terrace as a privately owned, federally
subsidized development offering affordable housing to public housing-eligible,
low-income families and individuals in a concentrated area, the City
consistently has argued that Evergreen Terrace should be closed down and that
Section 8 Housing Choice vouchers, along with a smattering of public housing
units and homeownership opportunities, should be offered to the 764 residents of
Evergreen Terrace's 356 units. n328

    But locating private landlords willing to accept prospective tenants holding
such vouchers has been a consistent problem. For example, in 2003 the Housing
Authority of Joliet "sent out over 1,000 letters to Joliet landlords seeking
Section 8 rentals for 88 families. After five months, the Housing Authority was
only able to place half of those families." n329 That same year, the Illinois
Housing Development Authority ("IHDA"), acting as Evergreen's Participating
Administrative Entity ("PAE") n330 for the M2M refinancing program, prepared a
Rental Assistance Assessment Plan ("RAAP") to assess the impact of transferring
Evergreen Terrace residents to alterna  [*733]  tive housing paid for by Section
8 housing vouchers. n331 Upon conducting the Evergreen RAAP, the IHDA concluded
that displaced Evergreen Terrace families would be unable to find housing
sufficiently close to the City of Joliet. n332 Two years later, a private
consulting agency could only find five landlords with a total of thirty-nine
units who were willing to accept tenants holding Section 8 Housing Choice
vouchers, despite the fact that the consultant had ascertained that 790 vacant
housing units were located within a fifteen-mile radius of Joliet. n333

    Public housing offers an alternative that in the vast majority of instances
provides decent housing at affordable prices. It is a resource that should be
strengthened, not sacrificed. Secretary Donovan asserts that PETRA/RHRA/RAD is
designed to do just that with its emphasis on the leveraging possibilities of
private sector financing. n334 But the NLIHC and other housing advocates fear
that a loosely drawn bill, as some critics contended the first PETRA draft was,
n335 could tempt a future presidential administration to use the private
financing mechanism as an opening to fully privatize public housing and open a
much larger segment of public housing residents to the displacement
possibilities that plagued some HOPE VI developments. n336

    Perhaps the strongest criticism has come from a group of urban policy
academics and researchers who, in written testimony before the House Committee
on Financial Services in May 2011 claim that the Transformative Rental
Assistance initiative (i.e., PETRA/RHRA) "is not meant to truly help poor
households and individuals but a means of getting the federal government out of
the low-income affordable housing business." n337 The signers of the academics'
letter expressed concern over weaknesses they identified regarding mortgage
regulation. n338 They determined the proposal lacked regulations such as caps on
interest rates and prohibitions against securitization of PHA loans. n339
Furthermore, uncertainties remained over the  [*734]  extent of capital needs,
the amount of private financing that could be leveraged, and the priorities
regarding properties needing significant capital improvement. n340 Given that
the quality of the property pledged as security is an important lender
consideration, "the properties with the greatest need are liable to be locked
out or to borrow at a reduced volume." n341

    One of the academics' main concerns is the increasing instability of the
private sector subsidy programs. They note that federally assisted housing
programs, particularly the Section 8 project-based certificate program, have
lost twice as many units, 360,000, to "private owners opt-out" as have been lost
to public housing, 165,000, following removal of the one-for-one replacement
rule by Congress in 1998, n342 with another 335,000 project-based units
scheduled for renewal or opt-out in 2010. n343 The academics conclude from this
comparison that "while PETRA introduces additional aspects to Section 8, the
huge losses indicate the instability and risk to the long term affordability of
privately owned and operated rental assistance." n344

    The proposed RAD discussed above n345 illustrates that HUD has not given up
on the privatization idea. All three privatization proposals, Reinventing HUD,
PHRI, and PETRA/RHRA, reflect an almost naive belief that the private housing
market will respond effectively to the housing needs of very-low-income
households. But by Congress' original definition, low-income families are
families "who cannot afford to pay enough to cause private enterprise . . . to
build an adequate supply of decent, safe, and sanitary dwellings." n346 As Peter
Marcuse and Dennis Keating argue in their 2006 work, The Permanent Housing
Crisis, "the bottom rungs of the economic ladder in the United States have
always been excluded from the benefits of adequate housing." n347 The original
public housing legislation was carefully crafted to exclude the destitute-the
"Okie means you're scum," of The Grapes of Wrath n348 -in favor of the "worthy
poor" who had fallen  [*735]  on hard times temporarily as a result of the Great
Depression. n349 The private real estate sector, immediately before and
immediately after the Second World War, wanted nothing to do with people who
could not afford its product and was willing to tolerate governmental
involvement in housing so long as that housing did not compete with private
housing development. As a result, the public housing product was a "no frills"
apartment development "on the other side of the tracks," which in urban America
meant isolated and segregated high-rise towers. n350

    Public dissatisfaction with the public housing product produced the
decades-long proliferation of housing subsidy programs, originally a blend of
supply-side and demand-side approaches, but increasingly tilted toward the
demand side with the emphasis on housing vouchers. n351 The acceptance of the
percentage-of-income rental formula, brought about in large part by the public
housing rent strikes, in the Section 8 program created a potentially successful
approach to extremely-low- and very-low-income households. However, the drag on
the federal budget of twenty- to forty-year commitments to make up the
difference between what tenants were responsible for and what landlords could
charge in the private market became so great that Congress repealed the Section
8 new construction program after only nine years. n352 While thousands of units
were built in those nine years, n353 they did not come close to satisfying the
demand.

    Three fundamental problems have plagued the demand-side programs: private
landlord reluctance to participate in rental subsidy programs, often intense
local-government and neighboring resident opposition to the presence of voucher
holders in their neighborhoods, and chronic underfunding of vouchers leading to
unconscionably long, several-year waiting periods for those on waiting lists.
These problems, coupled with the increasing desire of private landowners to
leave the project-based certificate program when their long-term commitments
expire, suggest that reliance on the private sector to take up the slack should
public housing be privatized would lead to disappointment.

    One often-cited measure of a democracy is how well it responds to the needs
of its citizens. n354 In contemporary America, a significant number of  [*736]
citizens (more than 44 million), for one reason or another-vestiges of
segregation, disability, lack of education, chronic unemployment, ill health-are
not able to compete effectively in the private market for decent housing that
also is affordable. n355 Many of these households will find a way to get by, but
others risk falling by the wayside. For example, in one pilot program to
resettle homeless families living in a motel in Cambridge, Massachusetts, the
Metropolitan Boston Housing Partnership found that only 19 percent of the
families had income from wages, 32 percent had no rental history, 13 percent had
been evicted from their apartments, 17 percent had a household member with a
criminal record, and 10 percent did not have permanent legal residency (a
disqualifying factor for the federal program to rapidly re-house homeless
families, the Homelessness Prevention and Re-Housing Program). n356

    Expecting private landowners to take on all the housing needs of American
society is not realistic, nor is it fair to them. Private landowners are private
for a particular reason-they are free to choose to whom they wish to make their
property available and for what price. Unless they are nonprofit organizations,
they will be guided, at least in part, by the profit motive. Assuming no
dishonesty, unless a prospective tenant or purchaser can pay their asking price,
private owners have no obligation to do business with people who cannot afford
their housing. In the absence of effective incentives that will persuade private
developers and managers to provide housing for those who cannot afford private
market prices, public housing has a vital future.

    Conclusion

    For over seventy years, public housing has filled a valuable niche in the
housing sector, one that should be preserved. The rent strikes of the 1960s and
rise of the tenant management movement are reminders of how important public
housing is to its residents. As Sheila Crowley points out, "the importance of
'home' to the physical and mental health of human beings cannot be overstated."
n357 Cabrini-Green was a mess before it was torn down, but it was home to Annie
Ricks and her children. n358

    Public housing certainly has had, and continues to have, serious problems.
Much of it is obsolete. A huge backlog of unfunded capital improve  [*737]
ments exists. Secretary Donovan is right to emphasize the need to complete the
modernization of management techniques begun by his predecessors, n359 but care
should be taken to avoid increased micromanagement and excessive administrative
burdens in the process. n360

    Richard Baron perhaps said it best over forty years ago when reflecting on
the St. Louis public housing rent strike:

    Redevelopment succeeds best when it proceeds in manageable increments and
utilizes the resources of indigenous community groups. Every effort should be
made to involve community organizations in the redevelopment process in a
meaningful way. The distressed neighborhood is the context of its residents'
social and economic problems and should be used as the staging area for
attacking those problems. . . . Moreover, an objective of any successful program
of long-term stabilization must be to create cohesive communities and to
encourage residents to work together toward a stabilized and revitalized
neighborhood. The most effective type of community redevelopment program will be
the one which originates with the residents and derives its vitality from the
intelligent use of their talents and leadership. n361

    The first implementation grants from the Choice Neighborhoods Initiative
show evidence of the type of inclusive planning Mr. Baron called for in 1978.

    Perhaps private sector participation can help resolve the funding problems.
But any such participation should be structured in a way that prevents a repeat
of the kind of mortgage-backed securities debacle that devastated the
single-family housing market. PHAs should not be forced into public-private
partnerships. Participation should be voluntary and only after full consultation
with public housing resident leaders, as well as inclusion of provisions
protecting residents from displacement in the event that PHAs or entities they
created default on repayment obligations.

    Public housing is a valuable community asset and should be recognized as
such. As the National Commission on Severely Distressed Public Housing
emphasized in its 1992 report, "approximately 94% of [all public housing] units
. . . continue[] to provide an important rental housing resource for many
low-income families and others." n362 What has been missing is full integration
of public housing and their occupants into surrounding  [*738]  neighborhoods.
Initiatives such as Choice Neighborhoods appear to have great potential for
accomplishing that goal. But Choice Neighborhoods grantees must find a way to do
so without involuntarily displacing current residents.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsLocal GovernmentsFinancePublic Health & Welfare LawHousing & Public
BuildingsAccessibility, Construction & DesignPublic Health & Welfare LawHousing
& Public BuildingsLow Income Housing

FOOTNOTES:




n1  Sylvester Monroe, Closing Cabrini-Green, THE ROOT (Dec. 16, 2010, 12:08 PM),
http://www.theroot.com/print/48881 (internal quotation marks omitted).




n2  Id.




n3  Id.




n4  Lawrence J. Vale & Erin Graves, The Chicago Housing Authority's Plan for
Transformation: What Does the Research Show So Far? 8-9 (Mass. Inst. of Tech.,
Dep't of Urban Studies & Planning, 2010), available at
http://www.macfound.org/atf/cf/%7Bb0386ce3-8b29-4162-8098-e466fb856794%7D/VALEGR
AVESCHAPFTFINAL-REPORT.PDF.




n5  See HUD, HOUSING AGENCY RESPONSES TO FEDERAL DEREGULATION: AN ASSESSMENT OF
HUD'S "MOVING TO WORK" DEMONSTRATION 14-15 (2004); Joan C. Williams, The Future
of Tenants' Rights in Assisted Housing Under a Reagan Voucher Plan: An Analysis
of Section 8 Existing Housing Cases, 23 URB. L. ANN. 3, 6 (1982).




n6  Departments of Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, and
Independent Agencies Appropriations Act of 1993, Pub. L. No. 102-389, § 14, 106
Stat. 1571, 1579-81 (1992), repealed by Departments of Veterans Affairs and
Housing and Urban Development, and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act of
1999, Pub. L. No. 105-276, § 522, 112 Stat. 2461, 2564 (1998).




n7  Departments of Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, and
Independent Agencies Appropriations Act of 1999, § 535, 112 Stat. at 2581-86
(codified as amended at 42 U.S.C.  § 1437v (2006)); id.  § 539, 112 Stat. at
2594-96 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C.  § 1437z-7).




n8  Omnibus Consolidated Rescissions and Appropriations Act of 1996, Pub. L. No.
104-134, § 204, 110 Stat. 1321, 1321-281 to -284 (1996) (codified as amended at
42 U.S.C.  § 1437f).




n9  For HUD's assessment of the first ten years of a projected twenty-year
Moving to Work demonstration, see HUD, MOVING TO WORK: INTERIM POLICY
APPLICATIONS AND THE FUTURE OF THE DEMONSTRATION 7 (2010), available at
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/documents/huddoc?id=DOC10134.pdf.




n10  Howard Husock, Atlanta's Public-Housing Revolution, CITY J., Autumn 2010,
at 74, 76-77.




n11  See infra notes 161-226 and accompanying text.




n12  A HUD request for comment on its Public Housing Mortgage Program ("PHMP")
stated that mortgages on non-dwelling units could be placed in first position,
with foreclosure extinguishing any HUD interest, but that upon foreclosure of
mortgages on dwelling units, "a declaration of restrictive covenants would
constitute first lien position, and . . . the [public housing units would] be
required to continue to be operated in accordance with public housing
requirements." Public Housing Mortgage Program: Notice of Web Publication, 74
Fed. Reg. 65,781, 65,781 (Dec. 11, 2009). PHMP originally was authorized in 1998
by Section 516 of the Quality Housing and Work Responsibility Act of 1998, Pub.
L. No. 105-276, § 516, 112 Stat. 2518, 2550 (1998) (codified as amended at 42
U.S.C.  § 1437z-2).




n13  Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2010, Pub. L. No. 111-117, 123 Stat.
3034, 3080-81 (2009).




n14  See infra notes 234-66 and accompanying text.




n15  LAWRENCE M. FRIEDMAN, GOVERNMENT AND SLUM HOUSING 105 (Arno Press 1978)
(1968) (mentioning the opinion of Senator David I. Walsh that "government ought
not to compete with 'private property'" (quoting TIMOTHY L. MCDONNELL, THE
WAGNER HOUSING ACT: A CASE STUDY OF THE LEGISLATIVE PROCESS 166 (1957))).




n16  See infra Part II for a discussion on the movement toward privatizing
public housing.




n17  FRIEDMAN, supra note 15, at 100 (second alteration in original) (quoting
JOSEPHINE CHAPIN BROWN, PUBLIC RELIEF 1929-1939, at 145-46 (1940)).




n18  News Release, Bureau of Labor Statistics, U.S. Dep't of Labor, The
Employment Situation-May 2011 (June 3, 2011), available at
http://www.bls.gov/news.release/archives/empsit06032011.pdf; Record 2.9 Million
U.S. Properties Receive Foreclosure Filings in 2010 Despite 30-Month Low in
December, REALTYTRAC (Jan. 12, 2011),
http://www.realtytrac.com/content/press-releases/record-29-million-us-properties
-receive-foreclosure-filings-in-2010-despite-30-month-low-in-december-6309.




n19  FRIEDMAN, supra note 15, at 105 (describing the strong opposition of the
National Association of Real Estate Boards).




n20  See infra notes 329-33 and accompanying text. The Joliet Housing Authority
sought to place eighty-eight families facing eviction because of an eminent
domain action, but could find Section 8-assisted housing for only forty-four of
them. See infra notes 329-33 and accompanying text.




n21  FRIEDMAN, supra note 15, at 106.




n22  See 24 C.F.R.  § 941.202 (2011). State statutes typically require public
housing projects to comply with state and local building and zoning laws. See,
e.g., FLA. STAT.  § 421.13 (2007) ("All housing projects of an authority shall
be subject to the planning, zoning, sanitary and building laws, ordinances and
regulations applicable to the locality in which the housing project is situated.
In the planning and location of any housing project, an authority shall take
into consideration the relationship of the project to any larger plan or
long-range program for the development of the area in which the housing
authority functions."); N.Y. PUB. HOUS. LAW § 155 (McKinney 1989) (housing
projects must follow the "zoning regulations and other restrictions enacted by .
. . municipalities to adequately protect the area or areas of a project").




n23  A HUD-sponsored study estimated the total national existing capital needs
for public housing to be $ 25.6 billion. HUD, CAPITAL NEEDS IN THE PUBLIC
HOUSING PROGRAM 34 (2010), available at
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/documents/huddoc?id=PHCapitalNeeds.pdf. The
average per-unit need was estimated to be $ 23,365, although existing needs for
one-quarter of the units are less than $ 5,248 per unit, while existing capital
needs for another quarter of the units exceed $ 28,570. Billions in Repairs
Needed for Public Housing Stock, HUD.GOV,
http://www.huduser.org/portal/periodicals/ResearchWorks/RWaugust11.html#1 (last
visited Mar. 2, 2012).




n24  Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act of 2012, Pub. L. No.
112-55, § 4, 125 Stat. 552, 679 (2011); Final FY12 Budget Cuts HUD, Rural
Housing Programs, MEMO TO MEMBERS (Nat'l Low Income Hous. Coal., D.C.), Nov. 18,
2011, at 1, 2, available at http://nlihc.org/doc/Memo16-45.pdf. HUD's FY 2013
budget, released February 13, 2012, proposes a 10 percent increase in the
capital fund to $ 2.07 billion which, if enacted, would restore the fund to
slightly above the FY 2011 level. HUD, FY 2013 BUDGET: HOUSING AND COMMUNITIES
BUILT TO LAST, at B-1 (Feb. 13, 2012).




n25  See 42 U.S.C.  § 1437c(a)(1) (2006); see also FRIEDMAN, supra note 15, at
94-113; Peter W. Salsich, Jr., Toward a Policy of Heterogeneity: Overcoming a
Long History of Socioeconomic Segregation in Housing, 42 WAKE FOREST L. REV.
459, 479 (2007).




n26  See 42 U.S.C.  § 1437a(a)(6)(A); William H. Ledbetter, Jr., Public Housing
-A Social Experiment Seeks Acceptance, 32 LAW & CONTEMP. PROBS. 490, 493-95
(1967).




n27  See, e.g., MO. REV. STAT.  § 99.040.1 (2000).




n28  NAT'L COMM'N ON SEVERELY DISTRESSED PUB. HOUS., THE FINAL REPORT 5 (1992).
The 1949 Act was a major stimulus to public housing construction. See generally
Alexander von Hoffman, A Study in Contradictions: The Origins and Legacy of the
Housing Act of 1949, 11 HOUSING POL'Y DEBATE 299, 299-303 (2000) (discussing the
"bitter legislative stalemate" over the Act); Salsich, supra note 25, at 480-81.
With the enactment of programs in the 1960s and 1970s encouraging housing
production by private entities, new construction of public housing units was
curtailed. See infra Part I.B.




n29  See 42 U.S.C.  § 1437c(a)(1); FRIEDMAN, supra note 15, at 108-09; Salsich,
supra note 25, at 480.




n30  See 42 U.S.C.  § § 1437c(c)(3), 1437d(d); FRIEDMAN, supra note 15, at 108;
Salsich, supra note 25, at 480.




n31  See FRIEDMAN, supra note 15, at 109 ("The requirement of a rental
sufficient to meet expenses would . . . tend to restrict public housing to the
honest, working poor.").




n32  Cf. id. at 109 ("The projects would mainly be filled with deserving but
underpaid workers . . . ."); MARGERY AUSTIN TURNER & G. THOMAS KINGSLEY, FEDERAL
PROGRAMS FOR ADDRESSING LOW-INCOME HOUSING NEEDS: A POLICY PRIMER 1 (2008),
available at http://www.urban.org/UploadedPDF/411798low-incomehousing.pdf.




n33  See FRIEDMAN, supra note 15, at 119 ("In the opinion of the experts, public
housing has been misdesigned, misconceived, and misdirected.").




n34  Cf. von Hoffman, supra note 28, at 316.




n35  Robert Gladstone & Assocs., The Outlook for United States Housing Needs, in
THE REPORT OF THE PRESIDENT'S COMMITTEE ON URBAN HOUSING: A DECENT HOME 54, 57
(1968) ("During the post-war years, Public Housing slowly lost many of its
working class residents and came to house large concentrations of poor families,
many with serious social problems."); id. at 61("Given the inadequate coverage
and size of welfare payments, there are still millions of families who are too
poor to live in public housing projects. Even those who live there may have to
commit a disproportionate share of their incomes to pay the low rents."); see
also BUILDING THE AMERICAN CITY: REPORT OF THE NATIONAL COMMISSION ON URBAN
PROBLEMS 115-16 (1969) (noting "that public housing had been reaching further
down the income scale").




n36  See generally MAGGIE MCCARTY ET AL., CONG. RESEARCH SERV., OVERVIEW OF
FEDERAL HOUSING ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS AND POLICY 4-8 (2008) (charting the history
of income-based rent and the shift from income-based rent programs to vouchers).
Income-based rent levels will fluctuate based on the income of the tenant. For
example, an income-based rent policy may set rents at 25 or 30 percent of tenant
income. Under such policies, two tenants with the same income will pay the same
amount of rent, even though one occupies a one-bedroom apartment and the other a
three-bedroom one. Space-based rent levels will fluctuate based on the size of
the rental unit. For example, rent can be $ 600/month for a one-bedroom
apartment and $ 800/month for a two-bedroom apartment. Two tenants occupying the
same size and type apartment will pay the same rent, even though one tenant's
income may equal 50 percent of the other tenant's.




n37  See generally Scott Susin, Rent Vouchers and the Price of Low-Income
Housing, 83 J. PUB. ECON. 109 (2002) (discussing the increase in rental costs
for low-income households since the early 1980s).




n38  See, e.g., Glenn Fowler, Tenant Activists Gaining Momentum in the Nation,
N.Y. TIMES, Oct. 26, 1969, § 8, at 1 ("In a growing number of cities, tenants
are forming associations to protect their interests, engaging in rent strikes
and on occasion throwing picket lines around their landlords' property.").




n39  See generally Richard D. Baron, Community Organizations: Antidote for
Neighborhood Succession and Focus for Neighborhood Improvement, 21 ST. LOUIS U.
L.J. 634, 648-54 (1978) (reviewing the strike based on personal experience as
the lead attorney for the tenants); Phillip Thigpin, Did the Rent Strike
Succeed?, FOCUS/MIDWEST, July-Aug. 1969, at 32, 32-33 (evaluating whether the
rent strike was successful in eliminating the "disparity between the continually
rising costs of running public housing, and the reduction in the ability of
tenants to pay adequate rents"); see also Charles Kimball Cummings, Rent Strike
in St. Louis: The Making of Conflict in Modern Society 398-400 (Jan. 1976)
(unpublished Ph.D. dissertation, Washington University) (on file with Washington
University Library) (discussing the rent increases of 1968).




n40  Rhonda Y. Williams, "Something's Wrong Down Here": Poor Black Women and
Urban Struggles for Democracy, in AFRICAN AMERICAN URBAN HISTORY SINCE WORLD WAR
II 316, 325 (Kenneth L. Kusmer & Joe W. Trotter eds., 2009).




n41  The notoriety of Pruitt-Igoe is explored in the documentary film, THE
PRUITT-IGOE MYTH (First Run Features 2011). See Steve Giegerich, Film, Residents
Recall Housing Complex, ST. LOUIS POST-DISPATCH, Apr. 10, 2011, at B1-B2; see
also Tim O'Neil, Pruitt-Igoe's Hopeful Vision Imploded as Housing Failure, ST.
LOUIS POST-DISPATCH, July 25, 2010, at B2 (describing the Pruitt-Igoe
development as a "symbol of hopelessness" in public housing).




n42  Cummings, supra note 39, at 435-36.




n43  Letter from Richard S. Jones, President, Health & Welfare Council of Metro.
St. Louis, Inc., to Peter W. Salsich, Jr., Attorney, Legal Aid Soc'y, Ctr. for
Urban Programs Office, Saint Louis Univ. (Feb. 21, 1969) (on file with author)
(reporting a request for a "moratorium on eviction of any tenants . . . on the
grounds that such action would be detrimental to the present situation").




n44  Letter from Richard S. Jones, President, Health & Welfare Council of Metro.
St. Louis, Inc., to Peter W. Salsich, Jr., Legal Aid Soc'y for Urban Programming
(Feb. 4, 1969) (on file with author) (inviting St. Louis Mayor Alfonso J.
Cervantes, government officials, and civic leaders to a meeting on February 12,
1969, "to discuss the potential impact of the current rent strike in public
housing and to seek ways to resolve the basic issues: inadequate income of many
tenants and the requirement for the Housing Authority to operate on break-even
terms").




n45  Several months earlier this author left private practice and was employed
by the St. Louis Legal Aid Society and Saint Louis University School of Law.




n46  See Peter W. Salsich, Jr., Reform Through Legislative Action: The Poor and
the Law, 13 ST. LOUIS U. L.J. 373, 380-81 (1969) (discussing the Missouri
legislature's proposed legislation on public housing in 1969).




n47  This dialogue reflects the author's best recollection.




n48  Baron, supra note 39, at 649.




n49  Id. at 654 ("The tenant management program represents a pragmatic response
by the St. Louis Housing Authority to the aspirations of its public housing
residents and illustrates the impact of involving indigenous community
organizations in efforts to stabilize and redevelop distressed neighborhoods.").




n50  St. Louis Rent Strike Settled, 26 J. HOUSING 549, 549 (1969).




n51  The amendment was named after former Senator Edward Brooke of Massachusetts
although the legislation originally was introduced by other former
representatives, including Leonore K. Sullivan (D-St. Louis). Cf. 115 CONG. REC.
25,650 (1969).




n52  Mary Schwartz & Ellen Wilson, Who Can Afford To Live in a Home?, U.S.
CENSUS BUREAU 1, http://www.census.gov/hhes/www/housing
/special-topics/files/who-can-afford.pdf (last visited Mar. 1, 2012).




n53  Compare 42 U.S.C.  § 1437a(1) (2006) (specifying that residents do not have
to pay more than 30 percent of their income for housing), with 42 U.S.C.  §
1437a(1) (1976) ("The rental for any dwelling units shall not exceed one-fourth
of the family's income . . . .").




n54  42 U.S.C.  § 1437g(c)(1) (2006).




n55  Id.  § 1437c-1(e)(1).




n56  Tenant representatives were very conscientious and often tougher on their
colleagues than traditional management, as this author discovered while serving
as an advisor to the Carr Square TAB. On several occasions this author had to
remind TAB members that statutory tenant protections, such as notice and an
opportunity to be heard before eviction, had to be observed.




n57  Baron, supra note 39, at 653.




n58  Id. at 653-55.




n59  Remarks on Signing the Housing and Community Development Act of 1987, 24
WEEKLY COMP. PRES. DOC. 175, 176 (1988) (President Ronald Reagan).




n60  Id.




n61  OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GEN., HUD AUDIT REPORT NO. 95-HQ-154-0002, at 4
(Aug. 31, 1995), available at
http://archives.hud.gov/offices/oig/reports/internal/ig5h0002.pdf; see also C.
THEODORE KOEBEL & MARILYN S. CAVELL, TENANT ORGANIZATIONS IN PUBLIC HOUSING
PROJECTS: A REPORT ON SENATE RESOLUTION NO. 347, at 6-7 (1995), available at
http://www.vchr.vt.edu/pdfreports/phtext2.pdf (discussing OFFICE OF THE
INSPECTOR GEN., supra).




n62  Quality Housing and Work Responsibility Act of 1998, Pub. L. No. 105-276, §
532, 112 Stat. 2461, 2574-75 (1998) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C.  § 1437r
(2006)).




n63  42 U.S.C.  § 1437r(e)(1).




n64  Lawrence Harmon, Op-Ed., Landlord in Residence, BOS. GLOBE, Nov. 14, 2010,
at K9.




n65  Andrew L. Wang, Cabrini Tenants Blast New Management Firm, CHI. TRIB., Nov.
10, 2005, § 2, at 4.




n66  Pat Curry, Last Cabrini Green High-Rise Coming Down Today, WGN-TV (Mar. 30,
2011, 5:31 AM),
http://www.wgntv.com/news/local/breaking/chibrknews-last-cabrini-green-building-
comes-down-today-20110330,0,6236705.story; Monroe, supra note 1.




n67  See Harmon, supra note 64, at K9.




n68  See Salsich, supra note 25, at 482-83 (discussing the 1974 enactment of a
housing program designed to give private housing developers incentives to
provide substitutes for public housing).




n69  See id. at 462 n.10.




n70  Housing and Urban Development Act of 1969, Pub. L. No. 91-152, § 107, 83
Stat. 379, 381 (codified as amended at 12 U.S.C.  § 1715z-1 (2006)).




n71  Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Pub. L. No. 93-383, § 201,
88 Stat. 633, 662-66 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C.  § 1437f).




n72  Supplemental Appropriations Act of 1984, Pub. L. No. 98-181, §
209(a)(1)-(2), 97 Stat. 1153, 1183 (amending Section 8, 42 U.S.C.  § § 1437f(a),
(b)(2) (1982), by substituting "existing housing" for "existing, newly
constructed, and substantially rehabilitated housing" and deleting authorization
for "assistance payments for newly constructed or substantial rehabilitated"
assisted housing).




n73  Section 8 certificates, authorized in 1974, are attached to units owned by
private landlords and provide payments to those landlords to make up the
difference between fair market rents approved by HUD and tenant rental payments
that are limited to 30 percent of tenant income. See 42 U.S.C.  § § 1437a(a),
1437f(c)(3) (2006). Section 8 vouchers, authorized in 1983, are provided to
qualified tenants enabling them to negotiate a lease with a private landlord.
Id.  § 1437f(d).




n74  Id.  § 1437(b)(1).




n75  See 24 C.F.R.  § 982.302 (2011).




n76  See U.S. GOV'T ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE, GAO-02-76, FEDERAL HOUSING
ASSISTANCE: COMPARING THE CHARACTERISTICS AND COSTS OF HOUSING PROGRAMS 4
(2002), available at www.gao.gov/new.items/d0276.pdf.




n77  Rachel Garshick Kleit & Stephen B. Page, Public Housing Authorities Under
Devolution, 74 J. AM. PLAN. ASS'N 34, 36-37 (2008).




n78  John Goering et al., What Have We Learned about Housing Mobility and
Poverty Deconcentration?, in CHOOSING A BETTER LIFE?: EVALUATING THE MOVING TO
OPPORTUNITY SOCIAL EXPERIMENT 3, 6-7 (John M. Goering & Judith D. Feins eds.,
2003).




n79  Moving to Opportunity for Fair Housing, HUD.GOV,
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/programdescription/mto (last visited
Mar. 1, 2012).




n80  Id.




n81  Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, Pub. L. No. 101-625, §
554, 104 Stat. 4079, 4225 (1990) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C.  § 1437u
(2006)).




n82  42 U.S.C.  § 1437u.




n83  Kleit & Page, supra note 77, at 36.




n84  HUD established Project Self Sufficiency in 1984 to demonstrate the
potential of providing social services, housing assistance, job training, and
job placement in a "comprehensive and coordinated" way to very-low-income single
parents. Press Release, PR Newswire, HUD Official to Announce Project Self
Sufficiency (Oct. 9, 1984), available at
http://www.highbeam.com/doc/1G1-3470356.html. Five years later, HUD's Operation
Bootstrap initiative made a similar services package available to all low-income
families in sixty-one PHAs, rather than limiting the program to single-parent
families. HUD provided two rounds of Section 8 voucher funding in FY 1989 and
1990, then replaced it with the FSS program. See OPERATION BOOTSTRAP REPORT,
HUD.GOV (Mar. 30, 2005),
http://www.huduser.org/portal/publications/pubasst/bootstrp.html.




n85  Housing ChoiceVoucher (HCV) Family Self-Sufficiency, HUD.GOV,
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/programoffices/publicindianhousing/prog
rams/hcv/fss (last visited Mar. 1, 2012).




n86  Id.




n87  Id.




n88  See id. HUD reports that many families use the funds for housing, debt
reduction, college education, or starting a business. HUD, EVALUATION OF THE
FAMILY SELF-SUFFICIENCY PROGRAM: PROSPECTIVE STUDY 2 (2011), available at
http://www.huduser.org/Publications/pdf/FamilySelfSufficiency.pdf.




n89  HUD, supra note 88, at 45.




n90  Id.




n91  Id. at x.




n92  Press Release, HUD, HUD Awards $ 15 Million to Help Public Housing
Residents Obtain Jobs, Economic Independence (May 27, 2011), available at
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/press/pressreleasesmediaadvisories/2011
/HUDNo.11-104.




n93  Yolanda Putman, Chattanooga: New Public Housing Units Will Require
Residents To Be Out in Five Years, TIMESFREEPRESS.COM (June 21, 2011),
http://timesfreepress.com/news/2011/jun/21/chattanooga-new-public-housing
-units-will-require-/.




n94  Id.




n95  Kleit & Page, supra note 77, at 36 (citing James A. Riccio, A Research
Framework for Evaluating Jobs-Plus: A Saturation and Place-Based Employment
Initiative for Public Housing Residents (MDRC Working Paper, May 1998),
available at http://www.mdrc.org/publications/151/workpaper.html).




n96  JAMES A. RICCIO, MANPOWER DEMONSTRATION RESEARCH CORP., SUSTAINED EARNINGS
GAINS FOR RESIDENTS IN A PUBLIC HOUSING JOBS PROGRAM 2-3 (2010), available at
http://www.mdrc.org/publications/542/policybrief.pdf.




n97  Id. at 3.




n98  Id.




n99  Id.




n100  Id. at 5-6.




n101  Kleit & Page, supra note 77, at 36-37.




n102  HUD, NOTICE PIH-2011-45 (HA), PARAMETERS FOR LOCAL, NON-TRADITIONAL
ACTIVITIES UNDER THE MOVING TO WORK DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM 3-4 (2011), available
at http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/documents/huddoc?id=11-45pihn.doc.




n103  See History of Moving to Work (MTW), HUD.GOV,
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/programoffices/publicindianhousing/prog
rams/ph/mtw/history (last visited Mar. 1, 2012).




n104  Will Fischer, Sharp Expansion of HUD's "Moving-to-Work" Demonstration
Raises Serious Concerns, CENTER BUDGET & POL'Y PRIORITIES 1 (2010), available at
http://www.cbpp.org/files/1-22-10hous.pdf ("Unless important limitations are
added, this expansion would reduce the number of families receiving housing
assistance by shifting funds out of the Section 8 housing voucher program. It
also would expose more low-income families to risky policies than is necessary
to test innovative approaches, and allow local policies to diverge to a degree
that could weaken housing assistance programs.").




n105  42 U.S.C.  § § 1437v, 1437z-7 (2006). The HOPE program was introduced as a
homeownership program for low-income families in the Cranston-Gonzalez National
Affordable Housing Act, Pub. L. No. 101-625, 104 Stat. 4079 (1990).




n106  See Kleit & Page, supra note 77, at 36 (explaining that HOPE VI sought to
achieve its goal of redeveloping thousands of distressed public housing units in
part by requiring participating PHAs "to leverage private revenues to complement
HOPE VI funds").




n107  NAT'L COMM'N ON SEVERELY DISTRESSED PUB. HOUS., supra note 28, at 2.




n108  Departments of Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, and
Independent Agencies Appropriations Act of 1993, Pub. L. No. 102-389, 106 Stat.
1571, 1579 (1992); NAT'L COMM'N ON SEVERELY DISTRESSED PUB. HOUS., supra note
28, at 31.




n109  See Kleit & Page, supra note 77, at 36.




n110  See supra notes 39-60 and accompanying text.




n111  The Low-Income Housing Tax Credit ("LIHTC") was created by the 1986 Tax
Reform Act and is codified at I.R.C.  § 42 (2006). The LIHTC offers a dollar for
dollar credit against ordinary income for ten years in return for a fifteen-year
commitment to provide affordable housing. Alex Schwartz & Edwin Melendez, After
Year 15: Challenges to the Preservation of Housing Financed with Low-Income
Housing Tax Credits, 19 HOUSING POL'Y DEBATE 261, 263 (2008). Developers are
able to raise equity for affordable housing developments by selling these
credits to investors, usually through the mechanism of syndicated limited
partnerships. Id. at 265.




n112  Richard D. Baron, The Evolution of HOPE VI as a Development Program, in
FROM DESPAIR TO HOPE: HOPE VI AND THE NEW PROMISE OF PUBLIC HOUSING IN AMERICA'S
CITIES 31, 31-35 (Henry G. Cisneros & Lora Engdahl eds., 2009).




n113  Id. at 37.




n114  Department of Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, and
Independent Agencies Appropriations Act of 1999, Pub. L. No. 105-276, § 539, 112
Stat. 2461, 2594 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C.  § 1437z-7 (2006)).




n115  Id.  § 535, 112 Stat. at 2581 (codified as amended 42 U.S.C.  § 1437v).




n116  Choice Neighborhoods: History and HOPE, EVIDENCE MATTERS (HUD Off. Pol'y
Dev. & Res., D.C.), Winter 2011, at 3, available at
http://www.huduser.org/portal/periodicals/em/EM-newsletterFNLweb.pdf.




n117  Id. at 5 (citing Susan J. Popkin et al., Has HOPE VI Transformed
Residents' Lives? New Evidence from the HOPE VI Panel Study, 24 HOUSING STUD.
477, 486 (2009)).




n118  See, e.g., Darst-Webbe Tenant Ass'n Bd. v. St. Louis Hous. Auth., 417 F.3d
898, 902-04 (8th Cir. 2005) (holding legitimate, non-discriminatory policy
objectives supported decision to approve HOPE VI revitalization proposal);
Thompson v. HUD, 220 F.3d 241, 243-44, 248-50 (4th Cir. 2000) (holding approval
of HOPE VI plan modification changing project from rehabilitation of public
housing family units to new construction of elderly units violated provision of
consent decree settling fair housing class action lawsuit). See generally MARTIN
D. ABRAVANEL ET AL., THE UNCHARTED, UNCERTAIN FUTURE OF HOPE VI REDEVELOPMENTS:
THE CASE FOR ASSESSING PROJECT SUSTAINABILITY 1 (2009) (discussing and generally
supporting the HOPE VI concept but arguing that sustainability is unknown);
SUSAN J. POPKIN ET AL., A DECADE OF HOPE VI: RESEARCH FINDINGS AND POLICY
CHALLENGES 2 (2004) (commenting that HOPE VI was an "ambitious effort to build
economically integrated communities and give existing residents more choice in
the private housing market").




n119  See infra Part III for a more detailed discussion of the Choice
Neighborhoods Initiative.




n120  See supra note 114-15 and accompanying text. See generally Kleit & Page,
supra note 77, at 37-40 (discussing the 1998 Act's changes to public housing);
Peter W. Salsich, Jr. & Nathan A. Orr, Legislative Note-Congress Approves Major
Housing Legislation, 8 J. AFFORDABLE HOUSING & COMMUNITY DEV. L. 175 (1999)
(discussing the 1998 Act).




n121  Kleit & Page, supra note 77, at 35.




n122  Choice Neighborhoods: History and HOPE, supra note 116, at 3.




n123  Id. at 5.




n124  Id. (citing VALE & GRAVES, supra note 4, at 72).




n125  Id. at 6.




n126  Id. (citing Susan J. Popkin, A Glass Half Empty? New Evidence from the
HOPE VI Panel Study, 20 HOUSING POL'Y DEBATE 43, 43-63 (2010)).




n127  Sheila Crowley, HOPE VI: What Went Wrong, in FROM DESPAIR TO HOPE, supra
note 112, at 229, 229-30 (stating that over 72,000 households had been relocated
from public housing between 1993 and 2008 as a result of HOPE VI grants).




n128  See id. at 232 ("The one improvement that studies of HOPE VI outcomes have
consistently shown is that people feel safer. . . . While families that
relocated with vouchers are in safer neighborhoods and higher-quality housing,
they also face higher levels of economic hardship and housing instability . . .
.").




n129  Id. at 234.




n130  Id.




n131  Id. at 234-37.




n132  Editorial, Unfinished Business: Ghosts of Pruitt-Igoe Stir New Ambitions
for Urban Revival, ST. LOUIS POST-DISPATCH, June 7, 2010, at A12 (alteration in
original) (quoting Shaun Donovan, HUD Secretary) (internal quotation marks
omitted).




n133  Id. (first, second, and fourth alterations in original) (quoting Shaun
Donovan).




n134  Friedman, supra note 15, at 123 ("Race discrimination in public housing
was at one time fairly open and explicit.").




n135  Alexander von Hoffman, Why They Built Pruitt-Igoe, in FROM TENEMENTS TO
THE TAYLOR HOMES 180, 197 (John F. Bauman et al. eds., 2d prtg. 2003).




n136  See id.




n137  296 F. Supp. 907 (N.D. Ill. 1969).




n138  See Gautreaux v. Chi. Hous. Auth., 503 F.2d 930, 931-32, 939 (7th Cir.
1974) (describing the posture of the litigation and how the plaintiffs had won
their case back in 1969 but were now at risk of losing the "war" requiring the
rapid implementation of a comprehensive plan), aff'd sub nom. Hills v.
Gautreaux, 425 U.S. 284 (1976); Salsich, supra note 25, at 481.




n139  See Gautreaux v. Landrieu, 523 F. Supp. 665, 668-69 (N.D. Ill. 1981)
(evaluating challenges to the propriety of the negotiations leading to the
consent decree based on exclusion of affected parties), aff'd sub nom. Gautreaux
v. Pierce, 690 F.2d 616 (7th Cir. 1982).




n140  ALEXANDER POLIKOFF, WAITING FOR GAUTREAUX: A STORY OF SEGREGATION, HOUSING
, AND THE BLACK GHETTO 243-44 (2006). See generally id. (telling the full story
of the litigation from the perspective of Alexander Polikoff, lead counsel for
the original plaintiff, the late Dorothy Gautreaux).




n141  See, e.g., Vill. of Arlington Heights v. Metro. Hous. Dev. Corp., 429 U.S.
252, 269-70 (1977) (holding that minorities adversely affected by a denial of a
rezoning application necessary to proceed with a subsidized housing project did
not make a sufficient showing of discriminatory purpose); Arthur v. City of
Toledo, 782 F.2d 565, 568 (6th Cir. 1986) (holding that referenda led by
opponents of public housing projects to repeal necessary sewer extension
ordinances did not have discriminatory purpose or effect); Smith v. Town of
Clarkton, 682 F.2d 1055, 1068-69 (4th Cir. 1982) (noting that a municipality
cannot operate its public housing in a discriminatory manner).




n142  See Stacy E. Seicshnaydre, How Government Housing Perpetuates Racial
Segregation: Lessons from Post-Katrina New Orleans, 60 CATH. U. L. REV. 661, 662
(2011).




n143  Id. at 671.




n144  Id. at 671-72.




n145  Id. at 672.




n146  Id. at 673.




n147  Id. at 673, 708-18 (first internal quotation marks omitted).




n148  CUSHING N. DOLBEARE ET AL., CHANGING PRIORITIES: THE FEDERAL BUDGET AND
HOUSING ASSISTANCE 1976-2005, at 4 (2004), available at
http://www.nlihc.org/doc/cp04.pdf; see also Kleit & Page, supra note 77, at
34-38 (describing the decreased role of the federal government in both the
management and funding of public housing).




n149  Final FY12 Budget Cuts HUD, Rural Housing Programs, supra note 24, at 1.
HUD's FY 2013 budget proposes to cut another $ 1.8 billion from HUD's
discretionary budget authority. HUD, supra note 24, at B-5.




n150  HUD, HUD REINVENTION: FROM BLUEPRINT TO ACTION 43 (1995).




n151  Henry G. Cisneros, Legacy for a Reinvented HUD: Charting a New Course in
Changing and Demanding Times, 1 CITYSCAPE 145, 148 (1995), available at
http://www.huduser.org/Periodicals/CITYSCPE/VOL1NUM3/cisneros.pdf.




n152  Id.




n153  The Administration's Proposal to Preserve and Transform Public and
Assisted Housing: The Transforming Rental Assistance Initiative: Hearing Before
the H. Comm. on Fin. Servs., 111th Cong. 173 n.5 (2010) [hereinafter Hearing]
(letter from nineteen urban academic scholars).




n154  See 42 U.S.C.  § 1437g(a)-(e) (2006) (originally enacted as Quality
Housing and Work Responsibility Act of 1998, Pub. L. No. 105-276, § 519, 112
Stat. 2518, 2551 (1998)) (providing for both a capital and operating fund for
PHAs, while also authorizing housing authorities to develop housing projects
using a mix of private and federal funding).




n155  See HUD, PUBLIC HOUSING REINVESTMENT INITIATIVE 2 (2003), available at
http://www.hud.gov/offices/pih/publications/phribrochure.pdf.




n156  Departments of Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development and
Independent Agencies Appropriations for Fiscal Year 2004: Hearings on H.R. 2861
and S. 1584 Before the H. Subcomm. of the Comm. on Appropriations, 108th Cong.
17 (2003) (statement of Mel Martinez).




n157  Id.




n158  Id.




n159  Id.




n160  See Hearing, supra note 153, at 173.




n161  Id. at 47 (written testimony of Shaun Donovan, HUD Sec'y); see also PETRA,
and What It Means for the "Public" in "Public Housing", SHELTERFORCE, Spring
2010, at 30, 30.




n162  See Hearing, supra note 153, at 173.




n163  See infra notes 173, 187 and accompanying text.




n164  PETRA, and What It Means for the "Public" in "Public Housing", supra note
161, at 30.




n165  Id.




n166  Shaun Donovan, Making Public Housing Work for Families, HUFFINGTON POST
(May 26, 2010), http://www.huffingtonpost.com/shaun-donovan/making-public-
housing-worb590407.html.




n167  Id.




n168  Id.




n169  Id.




n170  Id.




n171  347 U.S. 483 (1954).




n172  Donovan, supra note 166.




n173  Proposed PETRA legislation includes HUD's revised Preservation,
Enhancement, and Transformation of Rental Assistance Act of 2010, 111th Cong.
(Discussion Draft, Oct. 21, 2010) [hereinafter October 2010 PETRA Discussion
Draft] (released in October 25, 2010, by Representative Keith Ellison (D-MN), a
member of the House Committee on Financial Services), available at
http://www.nlihc.org/doc/ELLISO087xml.pdf; and HUD's initial draft,
Preservation, Enhancement, and Transformation of Rental Assistance Act of 2010,
(Discussion Draft, May 11, 2010), available at
http://www.nlihc.org/doc/PETRA-Billl-Text-2010-05-11.pdf. For HUD's summary of
the PETRA bill, see What Change Means: Overview of the Preservation,
Enhancement, and Transformation of Rental Assistance Act of 2010, HUD.GOV,
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/fy2011budget/signatureinitiatives/trans
formingrentalassistance/faqs/generalfaqs (last visited Mar. 1, 2012).




n174  October 2010 PETRA Discussion Draft, supra note 173, § 2(a)(1).




n175  Id.  § 2(a)(2).




n176  Id.  § 2(a)(3).




n177  Id.  § 2(b).




n178  Id.  § § 3-4.




n179  Id.  § 5.




n180  October 2010 PETRA Discussion Draft, supra note 173, § 4.




n181  Id.  § 5.




n182  Id.  § 3 (adding 42 U.S.C.  § 1437f(m)(1)(A)).




n183  Id. (adding 42 U.S.C.  § 1437f(m)(1)(C)).




n184  Id. (adding 42 U.S.C.  § 1437f(m)(1)(B)).




n185  Id. (adding 42 U.S.C.  § 1437f(m)(1)(A)(i)).




n186  October 2010 PETRA Discussion Draft, supra note 173, § 3 (adding 42 U.S.C.
§ 1437f(m)(1)(A)(ii)).




n187  See Rental Housing Revitalization Act of 2010, H.R. 6468, 111th Cong.
(2010).




n188  Compare id.  § 2 (retaining the same findings and purposes section as
PETRA), with October 2010 PETRA Discussion Draft, supra note 173, § 2 (findings
and purposes section).




n189  Compare H.R. 6468 § 1(b) (retaining essentially the same table of contents
as PETRA), with October 2010 PETRA Discussion Draft, supra note 173, § 1(b)
(table of contents).




n190  H.R. 6468 § 3 (adding 42 U.S.C.  § 1437f(l), the equivalent of Section
8(m) in PETRA).




n191  Id.  § 5 (adding 42 U.S.C.  § 1437f(n)).




n192  Id.  § 6 (amending 42 U.S.C.  § 1437f(o)).




n193  Id.  § 4 (adding 42 U.S.C.  § 1437f(m)(1)).




n194  Id. (adding 42 U.S.C.  § 1437f(m)(2)(A)).




n195  Id. (adding 42 U.S.C.  § 1437f(m)(2)(B)).




n196  H.R. 6468 § 5 (adding 42 U.S.C.  § 1437f(n)(2)(B)).




n197  Id.  § 4 (adding 42 U.S.C.  § (m)(2)(D)).




n198  Id. (adding 42 U.S.C.  § 1437f(m)(2)(A)).




n199  Id. (adding 42 U.S.C.  § 1437f(m)(2)(B)).




n200  Id. (adding 42 U.S.C.  § 1437f(m)(2)(A)). A tenant organization is
"legitimate if it meets regularly, operates democratically, is broadly
representative, is independent of the public housing agency, owners, management,
and their representatives, and has been established" by tenants, voucher
holders, or "a combination of tenant organizations." Id.




n201  H.R. 6468 § 4 (adding 42 U.S.C.  § 1437f(m)(2)(G)).




n202  Ellison Introduces Rental Housing Revitalization Act, MEMO TO MEMBERS
(Nat'l Low Income Hous. Coal., D.C.), Dec. 3, 2010, at 3, available at
http://www.nlihc.org/detail/article.cfm?articleid=7524.




n203  Id.




n204  Cf., e.g., Michael Abramowitz, Rehabbing the Projects: Chicago High-Rise
Plan Rekindles Debate, WASH. POST, Aug. 5, 1991, at A1, A6 (discussing how the
Chicago Housing Authority's 1991 plan to refurbish old public high-rise
buildings ignited debate over the role of public housing in the city).




n205  42 U.S.C.  § 1437p(b)(3) (1988) (Section 1437p(b)(3) was striken by Act of
July 27, 1995, Pub. L. No. 104-19, § 1002, 109 Stat. 194, 235 (1995)).




n206  See Jerry J. Salama, The Redevelopment of Distressed Public Housing: Early
Results from HOPE VI Projects in Atlanta, Chicago, and San Antonio, 10 HOUSING
POL'Y DEBATE 95, 96 (1999).




n207  Cf. Hope VI in San Francisco, NEWSLETTER/CALENDAR (S.F. Planning & Urban
Research Ass'n, S.F., Cal.), Mar. 2005, at 9 (explaining how resource-poor local
housing authorities declined reconstruction funds because of their inability to
finance construction or maintenance of the same number of units).




n208  Act of July 27, 1995 § 1002, 109 Stat. at 235.




n209  Departments of Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, and
Independent Agencies Appropriations Act of 1999, Pub. L. No. 105-276, § 531, 112
Stat. 2461, 2573 (1998) (amending 42 U.S.C.  § 1437p(b)(3)) (repeal of
one-for-one replacement rule); Quality Housing and Work Responsibility Act of
1998; Initial Guidance, 64 Fed. Reg. 8192, 8203 (Feb. 18, 1999) (Section 531
"repeals one-for-one replacement requirements").




n210  Rental Housing Revitalization Act of 2010, H.R. 6468, 111th Cong.  § 3
(2010) (adding 42 U.S.C.  § 1437f(l)(5)(A)).




n211  Id. (adding 42 U.S.C.  § 1437f(l)(5)(B)).




n212  Id. (adding 42 U.S.C.  § 1437f(l)(5)(C)).




n213  Id. (adding 42 U.S.C.  § 1437f(l)(5)(D)).




n214  Id. (adding 42 U.S.C.  § 1437f(l)(5)(E)).




n215  Ellison Introduces Rental Housing Revitalization Act, supra note 202, at
2-3 (emphasis added).




n216  See Public Housing Reinvestment and Tenant Protection Act of 2011, H.R.
762, 112th Cong.  § 102(b)(2) (2011) (listing the purposes of the bill,
including to "provide for the one-for-one replacement of public and assisted
housing dwelling units that are demolished or disposed of").




n217  NHC's Analysis of HUD Budget Proposal for Fiscal Year 2012, NAT'L HOUSING
CONF., http://www.nhc.org/media/files/NHCBudgetAnalysisFY2012.pdf (last visited
Mar. 1, 2012).




n218  Compare HUD, INVESTING IN PEOPLE AND PLACES: FY 2011 BUDGET 16 (2010)
[hereinafter FY 2011 BUDGET SUMMARY], available at
http://www.nhc.org/media/files/NHCBudgetAnalysisFY2012.pdf (stating the FY 2011
budget request was approximately $ 300 million), with HUD, FY 2012 BUDGET
SUMMARY 42 (2011) [hereinafter FY 2012 BUDGET SUMMARY], available at
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/documents/huddoc?id=fy2012budget.pdf (stating
the FY 2012 budget request was $ 200 million).




n219  FY 2012 BUDGET SUMMARY, supra note 218, at 43.




n220  Id.




n221  Id. at 42-43.




n222  Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act of 2012, H.R. 2112,
112th Cong.  § 4 (2012). HUD's FY 2013 budget recommends a $ 100 million
appropriation for RAD. HUD, supra note 24, at B-3.




n223  Rental Assistance Demonstration Act § 1(b)(2)(A) (HUD's Proposed Draft,
Aug. 3, 2011), http://nlihc.org/doc/RADProposal8-3-11.pdf.




n224  Id.  § 1(b)(2)(C).




n225  Id.  § 1(b)(4).




n226  Id.  § 1(c)(1)(B)(i).




n227  See HUD, FY 2010 CHOICE NEIGHBORHOODS PLANNING GRANT AGREEMENT 1,
available at http://portal.hud.gov/huddoc/cngrantagreement.pdf (last visited
Mar. 1, 2012). A revised excerpt of this Part of this Article appears in the
March-April 2012 issue of Probate & Property Magazine, published by the American
Bar Association.




n228  Id. at 3.




n229  Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2010, Pub. L. No. 111-117, § 4, 123
Stat 3034, 3080-81 (2009).




n230  Press Release, HUD No. 11-032, HUD Awards First Choice Neighborhood Grants
(Mar. 18, 2011), available at
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/press/pressreleasesmediaadvisories/2011
/HUDNo.11-032.




n231  Press Release, HUD No. 11-181, HUD Awards First-Ever Choice Neighborhood
Implementation Grants (Aug. 31, 2011),
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/press/pressreleasesmediaadvisories/2011
/HUDNo.11-181.




n232  FY 2011 Choice Neighborhoods Planning Grant NOFA, HUD.GOV,
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/programoffices/publicindianhousing/prog
rams/ph/cn/fy11funding (last visited Mar. 1, 2012). Applications for grants
totaling $ 3.6 million were due August 8, 2011. Id.




n233  Public and Indian Housing, Choice Neighborhoods, 2012 Summary Statement
and Initiatives, HUD, at P-1,
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/documents/huddoc?id=ChoiceNeighborhoods2012.pdf
(last visited Mar. 1, 2012). Choice Neighborhoods was funded at $ 120 million in
FY 2012. HUD's FY 2013 budget recommends an increase to $ 150 million. HUD,
supra note 24, at B-1.




n234  Choice Neighborhoods: History and HOPE, supra note 116, at 3.




n235  Press Release, supra note 230.




n236  Choice Neighborhoods: History and HOPE, supra note 116, at 3.




n237  Id. at 6.




n238  HUD, supra note 227, at 3.




n239  HRI Properties ("HRI"), New Orleans, Louisiana, and McCormack Baron
Salazar, Inc. ("MBS"), St. Louis, Missouri. Richard Baron, CEO of MBS, was the
lead attorney for the tenants during the St. Louis public housing rent strike.
See discussion supra Part I.A.




n240  Choice Neighborhoods Project Summaries FY 2010/2011, HUD.GOV 5,
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/documents/huddoc?id=CNFY2010-2011.pdf (last
visited Mar. 1, 2012).




n241  Id.




n242  Id.




n243  Id.




n244  Id.




n245  See id.




n246  Choice Neighborhoods Project Summaries FY 2010/2011, supra note 240, at 5.




n247  Id. Partners in these activities include the Workforce Investment
Authority, the Early Childhood & Family Learning Foundation's Outreach Program,
the Recovery School District, the Afterschool Partnership, and the Boys and
Girls Club. Id.




n248  Id. at 6.




n249  Id. at 1-2.




n250  Id. at 1.




n251  Choice Neighborhoods Project Summaries FY 2010/2011, supra note 240, at 2.




n252  Press Release, U.S. Dep't of Educ., U.S. Department of Education Awards
Promise Neighborhoods Planning Grants (Sept. 21, 2010), available at
http://www.ed.gov/news/press-releases/us-department-education-awards-promise-nei
ghborhoods-planning-grants. The Promise Neighborhoods program is the Department
of Education's counterpoint to HUD's Choice Neighborhoods Initiative. The two
programs are designed to complement each other and increase the
interdisciplinary scope of community development programs. See id. See generally
Promise Neighborhoods: Purpose, U.S. DEP'T OF EDUC.,
http://www2.ed.gov/programs/promiseneighborhoods/index.html (last visited Mar.
1, 2012).




n253  Choice Neighborhoods Project Summaries FY 2010/2011, supra note 240, at 7.




n254  Id.




n255  Id.




n256  Id.




n257  Id. at 7-8.




n258  Id. at 3.




n259  Choice Neighborhoods Project Summaries FY 2010/2011, supra note 240, at 4.




n260  Id.




n261  Id.




n262  Id.




n263  Id. at 9.




n264  Id.




n265  Choice Neighborhoods Project Summaries FY 2010/2011, supra note 240, at 9.




n266  Press Release, HUD No. 2011-08-31, Seattle Housing Authority Wins $ 10.27
Million in HUD Choice Neighborhoods to Begin Transformation of Yesler Terrace
(Aug. 31, 2011), available at
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/states/washington/news/HUDNo.2011-08-31
.




n267  The original legislation was titled the Demonstration Cities and
Metropolitan Development Act of 1966, Pub. L. No. 89-754, 80 Stat. 1255 (1966),
but after the urban riots of 1967 and 1968, the program title was changed to
Model Cities. John H. Strange, Citizen Participation in Community Action and
Model Cities Programs, 32 PUB. ADMIN. REV. 655, 656 (1972) (explaining that the
word, "Demonstration," was said to have "unsavory connotations in the White
House" (first internal quotation marks omitted)).




n268  Otto J. Hetzel & David E. Pinsky, The Model Cities Program, 22 VAND. L.
REV. 727, 731 (1969).




n269  Id. at 732-33.




n270  HUD, THE MODEL CITIES PROGRAM 11 (1973).




n271  Id. at 7.




n272  See id. at 9.




n273  John H. Strange, The Impact of Citizen Participation on Public
Administration, 32 PUB. ADMIN. REV. 457, 459 (1972).




n274  Id.




n275  JAMES STEVENS CURL, A DICTIONARY OF ARCHITECTURE AND LANDSCAPE
ARCHITECTURE 9 (2d ed. 2006).




n276  Economic Opportunity Act of 1964, Pub. L. No. 88-452, § 202, 78 Stat. 508,
516 (1964) ("The term 'community action program' means a program . . . (3) which
is developed, conducted, and administered with the maximum feasible
participation of residents of the areas and members of the groups served; and
(4) which is conducted, administered, or coordinated by a public or private
nonprofit agency (other than a political party), or combination thereof."
(emphasis added)), repealed by Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1981, Pub.
L. No. 97-35, § 683(a), 95 Stat. 357, 519 (1981) (codified at 42 U.S.C.  § 2701
(2006)). For a critical assessment of the CAP program, see DANIEL P. MOYNIHAN,
MAXIMUM FEASIBLE MISUNDERSTANDING: COMMUNITY ACTION IN THE WAR ON POVERTY 128-64
(1969).




n277  CURL, supra note 275, at 9.




n278  See 42 U.S.C.  § § 3303(a)(2), 3304(b) (1970) (originally enacted as
Demonstration Cities and Metropolitan Development Act of 1966, Pub. L. No.
89-754, § § 103-04, 80 Stat. 1255, 1256-57 (1966)) (omitted 1975) (including
grants available to programs "of sufficient magnitude . . . to provide . . .
widespread citizen participation" and planning grants "only if . . . the
application for such assistance has been approved by the local governing body of
the city").




n279  The Bedford-Stuyvesant Restoration Corporation was created after residents
of the Brooklyn neighborhood challenged then-senator Robert Kennedy, who was on
a walking tour of the neighborhood, "to support their vision of grassroots
development." David Holtzman, The Emergence of the CDC Network, 144 NHI
SHELTERFORCE ONLINE (Nov./Dec. 2005),
http://www.nhi.org/online/issues/144/cdcnetworks.html. Kennedy assisted
neighborhood leaders in organizing the corporation "as a means of reinventing
the local economy and renewing hope." Id. The corporation celebrated its 40th
anniversary in 2007 with an oral history project. Sady, Coming Up in Bed Stuy,
BROOK. HIST. SOC'Y BLOG (July 29, 2009),
http://brooklynhistory.org/blog/2009/07/29/bedford-stuyvesant-restoration/.




n280  See supra notes 39-58 and accompanying text.




n281  Saint Louis Model City Agency, Model City Land Use Plan 3 (1972) (on file
at the Missouri History Museum, St. Louis, Mo.).




n282  Id.




n283  Id.




n284 " The Charette Procedure is a group idea generating and prioritizing tool.
Its strength is its ability to address several issues at once in a highly
interactive group setting." Tips for Charette Procedure, IOWA ST. U. EXTENSION,
http://www.extension.iastate.edu/communities/tools/decisions/charette.html (last
updated Mar. 1, 2001).




n285  Peter W. Salsich, Jr., Grassroots Consensus Building and Collaborative
Planning, 3 WASH. U. J.L. & POL'Y 709, 713 n.18 (2000); see also Strange, supra
note 267, at 656 (arguing that participation by residents of low-income
neighborhoods was limited by the fact that "ultimate responsibility for the
development of programs and, more importantly, the expenditure of significantly
large amounts of money, was in the hands of local elected officials" and noting
that "participants . . . were also to be businessmen and public officials, each
equally represented").




n286  Cf. Salsich, supra note 285, at 713 n.18 ("Residents participated
enthusiastically in the charette.").




n287  Id.




n288  Cf. id. (finding program design and lack of experience resulted in the
Model Cities program foundering on unrealistic expectations and insufficient
resources ).




n289  See Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Pub. L. No. 93-383, § §
101, 116(a), 88 Stat. 633, 633-35, 652 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C.  § §
5301, 5316 (2006)); Audrey G. McFarlane, When Inclusion Leads to Exclusion: The
Uncharted Terrain of Community Participation in Economic Development, 66 BROOK.
L. REV. 861, 880 (2000).




n290  McFarlane, supra note 289, at 881 n.77.




n291  HUD, supra note 270, at 6-7.




n292  See Press Release, supra note 231; Press Release, supra note 230; Choice
Neighborhood Planning Grantees, HUD.GOV,
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/documents/huddoc?id=choiceawardsgrantees.pdf
(last visited Feb. 22, 2012).




n293  Choice Neighborhood Planning Grantees, supra note 292.




n294  Press Release, supra note 230.




n295  Id.




n296  Id.




n297  Id.




n298  Boston, over $ 43 million; Chicago, $ 125 million; New Orleans, $ 1.15
billion; San Francisco, $ 245 million; Seattle, $ 64 million. Choice
Neighborhoods Project Summaries FY 2010/2011, supra note 240, at 1-10.




n299  See POPKIN ET AL., supra note 118, at 1; Press Release, supra note 230.




n300  See McFarlane, supra note 289, at 871, 874 (stating the 1960s Great
Society was also known as the War on Poverty, and "the urban development
component of the War on Poverty was the Model Cities program").




n301  One of the most controversial parts of the CAP program was the
organization of not-for-profit corporations independent of traditional local
governments that became recipients of millions of dollars in Federal
"anti-poverty" funds. See generally MOYNIHAN, supra note 276, at 128-66
(detailing the growth and operations of these not-for-profits and identifying
the numerous controversies surrounding them).




n302  Federally funded legal backup centers such as the National Housing Law
Project established in 1968, About NHLP, NAT'L HOUSING L. CENTER,
http://www.nhlp.org/aboutnhlp (last visited Mar. 1, 2012), were in their infancy
or merely on the drawing boards during Model Cities days. See Strange, supra
note 267, at 657-58 (suggesting community organizations did not have adequate
support or funding at the start of the Model Cities program).




n303  For example, Daniel Moynihan wrote the following about Mayor Richard J.
Daley of Chicago:

    Mayor Daley wanted the poor to be employed by the program. He wanted to make
the decisions about it. From the point of view of the tradition of working class
politics, his position was impeccable. From the point of view of the middle
class liberals who devised and . . . ran the antipoverty program, it was
sinister, evil, hateful.

    MOYNIHAN, supra note 276, at 145.




n304  Marie Kennedy, Transformative Community Planning: Empowerment Through
Community Development (1996) (1996 Planners Network Conference, Working Paper),
http://www.plannersnetwork.org/publications/combased.htm.

    Advocacy planning made great strides in institutionalizing the notion of
community participation in planning, at least planning in the public sphere.
Today, nearly everyone in the US takes this for granted and in most publicly
supported planning, at least lip service is paid to citizen participation in the
planning process. But, this wasn't always true, and it was something that had to
be won. Although participation can be used in a negative way-as a smokescreen to
obscure real power relations and agendas, the fact that we have a right to that
citizen participation provides an important opening for struggle.

    Id.




n305  About the Law Center, NAT'L L. CENTER ON HOMELESSNESS & POVERTY,
http://www.nlchp.org/aboutus.cfm (last visited Mar. 1, 2012); About Us,
ENTERPRISE COMMUNITY PARTNERS, http://www.enterprisecommunity.org/about/ (last
visited Mar. 1, 2012) (formerly the Enterprise Foundation); About Us, LOC.
INITIATIVES SUPPORT CORP., http://www.lisc.org/section/aboutus (last visited
Mar. 1, 2012); History, NAT'L LOW INCOME HOUSING COALITION,
http://www.nlihc.org/template/page.cfm?id=174 (last visited Mar. 1, 2012).




n306  See supra notes 232-33 and accompanying text.




n307  See supra note 233; see also Press Release, Nat'l Low Income Hous. Coal.,
Congress Poised to Pass HUD Budget that Could Strand Low Income Families (Nov.
17, 2011), available at
http://www.nlihc.org/detail/article.cfm?articleid=8305&id=48; Press Release,
Nat'l Low Income Hous. Coal., House T-HUD Appropriations Draft Comes Up Short
for Public Housing (Sept. 8, 2011), available at
http://www.nlihc.org/detail/article.cfm?articleid=8127&id=48.




n308  Choice Neighborhoods: HUD's New Urban Remedy Takes Shape, NEW URB. NEWS,
Oct.-Nov. 2011, at 1, 14 (internal quotation marks omitted).




n309  Id. at 3 (explaining how one project's "$ 30.5 million Choice
Neighborhoods grant is estimated to produce total direct investment of $ 272
million").




n310  See supra notes 127-33 and accompanying text.




n311  Press Release, Pres. of Affordable Hous., Inc., First-Ever Choice
Neighborhoods Initiative Grant Awarded to Woodlawn $ 30.5 Million to POAH Will
Yield $ 270 Million in Investments (Aug. 31, 2011), available at
http://www.poah.org/pdf/WoodlawnRibbonCuttingRelease.pdf; Grove Parc-Woodlawn,
PRESERVATION AFFORDABLE HOUSING,
http://www.poah.org/portfolio/illinois/illinois-all.htm (last visited Mar. 1,
2012) (follow "Grove Parc-Woodlawn").




n312  See supra Part II.




n313  See Kleit & Page, supra note 77, at 36-37 (discussing multiple
congressional acts in the 1990s aimed at reforming the HOPE VI program by
placing greater obligations on PHAs, while giving them more discretion over
projects).




n314  See Salsich, supra note 25, at 462 n.10.




n315  See NAT'L COMM'N ON SEVERELY DISTRESSED PUB. HOUS., supra note 28, at 2.




n316  See Editorial, supra note 132, at A12 (explaining Secretary Donovan's
commitment to at least "two HUD programs" that "bring federal support to
projects of high ambition").




n317  NEERA TANDEN ET AL., CENSUS DATA UNDERSCORE THE URGENCY OF ENACTING
JOB-CREATION MEASURES 5 (2011), available at
http://www.americanprogress.org/issues/2011/09/pdf/censusmemo.pdf (discussing
U.S. CENSUS BUREAU, INCOME, POVERTY, AND HEALTH INSURANCE COVERAGE IN THE UNITED
STATES: 2010, at 14 (2011)). A significant increase in suburban poverty also was
reported. Sabrina Tavernise, Outside Cleveland, Snapshots of Poverty's Surge in
the Suburbs, N.Y. TIMES, Oct. 25, 2011, at A1.




n318  See Marc Seitles, Comment, The Perpetuation of Residential Racial
Segregation in America: Historical Discrimination, Modern Forms of Exclusion,
and Inclusionary Remedies, 14 J. LAND USE & ENVTL. L. 89, 118-19 (1998)
(describing "reluctant landlords, who do not want to participate in the program,
and the limited quantity of affordable housing" as two forces that undermine the
effectiveness of Section Eight voucher programs); see supra Part I.B for
background on housing vouchers.




n319  Complaint at 1, 6, United States v. City of Joliet, No. 1:11-cv-05305
(N.D. Ill. Aug. 4, 2011).




n320  Id. at 13.




n321  Id.




n322  CITY OF JOLIET, JOLIET CITY CENTER DEVELOPMENT PLAN 20 (1990), available
at http://www.cityofjoliet.info/documents/CityCenterDevelopmentPlan1990.pdf;
Update from the Field: At Request of City and Congressman, HUD Sec'y Blocking
Preservation Deal, MEMO TO MEMBERS (Nat'l Low Income Hous. Coal., D.C.), Sept.
26, 2003, at 7.




n323  Complaint, supra note 319, at 4-12. The M2M Program was established by the
Multifamily Assisted Housing Reform and Affordability Act of 1997, Pub. L. No.
105-65, § 501, 111 Stat. 1384-85, 1395 (1997) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C.
§ 1437f note (2006)).




n324  City of Joliet, Ill., Resolution No. 5655 (Aug. 30, 2005) (recorded with
Will Cnty., Ill., Recorder of Deeds, No. R2005-149404).




n325  Complaint, supra note 319, at 11.




n326  Id. at 12-13.




n327  Id. at 15-16.




n328  Id. at 9.




n329  Id.




n330  PAEs are public agencies, nonprofits, and other organizations that have
administrative capabilities and demonstrated experience with multifamily
restructuring and financing. 42 U.S.C.  § 1437f note (2006). PAEs prepare and
implement, under contracts with HUD, mortgage restructuring and rental
assistance sufficiency plans for federally-insured, multi-family housing
developments. Id.




n331  Complaint, supra note 319, at 5-6.




n332  Id. at 8.




n333  Id. at 10.




n334  Hearing, supra note 153, at 2-3 (statement of Shaun Donovan, HUD Sec'y).




n335  See Sheila Crowley, PETRA Perspectives: National Low-Income Housing
Coalition, SHELTERFORCE (Summer 2010),
http://www.shelterforce.org/article/2017/petraperspectivesnationallow-incomehous
ingcoalition/ ("We are optimistic that PETRA can be improved and that NLIHC will
be able to wholeheartedly endorse it. We are not there yet.").




n336  See Selling Off Public Housing: PETRA and the Neoliberal Agenda-Alarm,
Debate and Confusion Over Obama Administration Public Housing Policy,
PROGRESSIVE PLAN., Fall 2010, at 8-10, available at
http://www.plannersnetwork.org/publications/2010fall/petra.html (criticizing the
acceptance of risk created by private financing under PETRA and comparing the
potential for displacement of public housing residents to the results of HOPE
IV).




n337  Hearing, supra note 153, at 172 (letter from nineteen urban academic
scholars).




n338  Id. at 175.




n339  Id.




n340  Id.




n341  Id.




n342  Id. at 173. The original one-for-one replacement rule was found in 42
U.S.C.  § 1437p(b)(3) (1994), amended by Department of Veterans Affairs and
Housing and Urban Development, and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act of
1999, Pub. L. No. 105-276, § 531(a), 112 Stat. 2461, 2570-73 (codified as
amended at 42 U.S.C.  § 1437p (2006)) (removing any reference to the one-for-one
requirement).




n343  Hearing, supra note 153, at 173 (letter from nineteen urban academic
scholars).




n344  Id.




n345  See supra Part II.C.2.b.




n346  42 U.S.C.  § 1402(2) (1958) (current version at 42 U.S.C.  § 1437a(b)(2)
(2006)).




n347  Peter Marcuse & W. Dennis Keating, The Permanent Housing Crisis: The
Failures of Conservatism and the Limitations of Liberalism, in A RIGHT TO
HOUSING 139, 157 (Rachel G. Bratt et al. eds., 2006).




n348  JOHN STEINBECK, THE GRAPES OF WRATH 206 (Penguin Books 2006) (1939).




n349  FRIEDMAN, supra note 15, at 109.




n350  See id. at 112-13, 120-23.




n351  See Charles J. Orlebeke, The Evolution of Low-Income Housing Policy, 1949
to 1999, 11 HOUSING POL'Y DEBATE 489, 491 (2000).




n352  Act of Nov. 30, 1983, Pub. L. No. 98-181, § 209, 97 Stat. 1153, 1183
(amending 42 U.S.C.  § § 1437f(a), (b)(2)).




n353  See BUREAU OF THE CENSUS, U.S. DEP'T OF COMMERCE, STATISTICAL ABSTRACT OF
THE UNITED STATES: 1986, at 724 tbl.1297 (106th ed. 1985).




n354  See, e.g., Condoleezza Rice, Sec'y of State, Remarks at Georgetown
University: Transformational Diplomacy (Jan. 18, 2006), available at
http://2001-2009.state.gov/secretary/rm/2006/59306.htm (defining success in
diplomacy as building and supporting "well-governed democratic states that will
respond to the needs of their people").




n355  See JOINT CTR. FOR HOUS. STUDIES OF HARVARD UNIV., THE STATE OF THE
NATION'S HOUSING 27 (2010) (reporting that over 18 million households containing
44.2 million Americans spent more than fifty percent of their income for housing
in 2008).




n356  METRO. BOS. HOUS. P'SHIP, RAPID RE-HOUSING OF MOTEL-SHELTERED FAMILIES:
MBHP'S PRELIMINARY ASSESSMENT 2 (2010), available at
http://www.mbhp.org/MBHPHPRPReport11-10.pdf.




n357  Crowley, supra note 127, at 230.




n358  Monroe, supra note 1.




n359  Regulations issued in 2005 require PHAs owning 250 or more public housing
units to establish a project-based management ("PBM") system "tailored to the
unique needs of each property, given the resources available to that property."
24 CFR § § 990.255, 990.275 (2006).




n360  Meena S. Bavan & Shomon R. Shamsuddin, The Transition to Asset Management
in Public Housing, 9 CITYSCAPE 185, 186, 191 (2007), available at
http://www.huduser.org/periodicals/cityscpe/vol9num2/cityscapevol9num2.pdf
(describing the shift from a PHA-level of generality to an individual
project-level of generality and expressing concern about the workload,
micromanagement possibility and funding issues).




n361  Baron, supra note 39, at 640. The Choice Neighborhoods implementation
grants for New Orleans and San Francisco went to public-private partnerships
that include Mr. Baron's firm, McCormack, Baron Salazar, Inc. See supra notes
239-57 and accompanying text.




n362  NAT'L COMM'N ON SEVERELY DISTRESSED PUB. HOUS., supra note 28, at 2. The
Commission's focus was on approximately 86,000 severely distressed urban,
high-rise units. Id.


                             972 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               December 26, 1989

Pension Funds May Invest $ 200B in RE

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 231 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


U.S. and foreign pension funds are poised to pour more than $ 200 billion into
real estate during the next decade, but there will not be enough
investment-grade property to go around, according to an article published by the
real estate unit of Arthur Andersen & Co.

Ivan Faggen, the director of the Real Estate Services Group, wrote in Real
Estate Perspectives that the growing demand is already creating a trend toward
greater diversification of pension fund portfolios.

Among the trends Mr. Faggen predicts will emerge as fund managers attempt to
increase the real estate holdings to 10% of assets from an average of 4% are
greater investment in troubled properties and higher risk real estate such as
timberland and multi-family housing projects.

He also forecast more use of convertible or participatory mortgages by
institutional owners of commercial property, which he said will give pension
funds a way to acquire an interest in proven real estate.

He said sale/leaseback transactions will become more common as a way to raise
capital.

Mr. Faggen said the pension funds are likely to increase equity participation in
development projects, reducing developers' need for debt financing.

And he said some funds that are regarded as quasi-public assets may lead a wave
of "social-investing" in low-income housing, new industrial facilities and
wilderness areas.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             973 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily News (Jacksonville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 16, 2010 Tuesday

Affordable apartment complex celebrates opening

BYLINE: Suzanne Ulbrich, The Daily News, Jacksonville, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 741 words


Nov. 16--Editor's note: Due to photographer error, the wrong apartment complex
was photographed. The photo has been removed.

Rentals were way above Lydia Cross' means, even though she was working two jobs.

But then she heard about the new affordable multi-family housing complex,
Meadow's Gate Apartments.

Cross said when she applied for one of the new units she was almost homeless.

"We were 'displaced' as you would say. We were living with a friend," said
Cross, who moved into Meadow's Gate Oct. 1. Cross works full time aboard Camp
Lejeune in the Deployment Heath Clinic and works part time at Onslow Memorial
Hospital as a unit secretary. "It is very hard to find affordable housing here
-- rents are just too high at $900 to $1,000 a month, that's ridiculous. They
don't pay that much money here. We were worried we would not be able to find
anything else."

Eastern Carolina Community Development, Inc., a privately held not-for-profit
housing organization, celebrated the opening of Meadow's Gate, its $9.2 million,
80-unit apartment development, with a ribbon cutting and open house on Monday.

The development, located at the corner of Williamsburg Parkway and Arlington
Meadows Drive, offers 40 two-bedroom and 40 three-bedroom apartments to low and
moderate income residents in Jacksonville. All units will be restricted to
tenants with incomes within 40, 50 and 60 percent of Jacksonville's median
income of $49,500, said Dawn Sims, the property manager.

"The minimum income is $10,860, but the maximum depends on how many people are
in the household," she said.

All of the units are spoken for, and there is already a waiting list, Sims said.

"The lowest incomes -- within 40 percent -- I have 20 people on the waiting list
for two bedrooms, because that's pretty much where everybody fits in this area.
It's crazy," she said.

ECCDI used a combination of public and private funding to construct the
development, but it almost didn't get to see the light of day when the economy
took a turn for the worse, said Mark McCloskey, its vice president and director
of planning and development.

"We started the project almost three years ago in 2007, then in 2008 everything
fell apart," he said. "We managed to put everything back together last November
then worked very quickly. The first unit became available in September.

This is ECCDI's 14th apartment complex in North Carolina, said Keith D. Walker,
its CEO and president.

"We're proud about building quality affordable housing and just as importantly
we've used local people for financing and the construction team and general
contractor -- Quadrant Construction is local," he said.

ECCDI hopes to build Glenn Stale, a 56-unit development for seniors, adjacent to
the Meadow's Gate community. It completed similar developments in Jacksonville,
including Longbourne Apartments and Fox Hollow Apartments.

"We'll be going to (Onslow County Commissioners tonight), and we're hoping they
continue to support us as they have in the past. There is a real need for
housing for the elderly," Walker said. "We already have a waiting list of over
100 people."

Without the support from Onslow County commissioners and the City of
Jacksonville, projects such as Meadow's Gate and Glenn Stale would not be
possible, he emphasized.

"We compete with for-profit developers to finance these developments, and we've
been very successful," he said.

Right now Meadow's Gate is the only affordable housing development for residents
in the City of Jacksonville, Lillie Gray, with the Jacksonville's Community
Development Administration, pointed out.

Wanda Price just moved into her two-bedroom apartment in Meadow's Gate last
week, but she already knows she's going to love it there.

"The location is perfect; I have a five-minute rule -- I have to be able to get
gas, shop ... all within five minutes from where I live," she said. "It's roomy
and I feel very safe and secure.

"I have been looking for approximately two years for income based housing
because I get disability, but it's been pretty hard to find something nice in a
great location that is priced appropriate."

To see more of The Daily News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.jacksonvilledailynews.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Daily News,
Jacksonville, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20101116-JN-Affordable-apartment-complex-celebrates-opening-1116-20101116

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JN


                         Copyright 2010 The Daily News


                             974 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Deal in Focus: West Virginia Housing Fund Considers Another Sale in 2001

                             May 31, 2001, Thursday

By Daniel F. Floyd



The West Virginia Housing Development Fund, the second-largest issuer in West
Virginia and the first state housing agency to receive a triple-A rating, might
competitively issue up to $75 million in additional revenue bonds late this
summer for single-family mortgages.

The board of directors authorized the sale at its May 8 meeting. Martin J.
Gargano, the fund s deputy director, will decide whether to issue the bonds
based on whether more money is needed for single-family mortgage revenue bonds.

Right now, the $65 million sold on Feb. 15 are holding up pretty well, Gargano
said, adding that he can issue any amount, up to $75 million, that he deems
necessary. The February issue was sold competitively to Salomon Smith Barney
Inc. at a 5.312% yield. Hawkins, Delafield & Wood served as bond counsel, and
the financial adviser was Evensen Dodge Inc.

Money raised from the potential issue would be loaned to families to purchase
homes at lower interest rates than available through conventional mortgages.

These loans are our biggest capital expenditure, Gargano said. In addition, the
housing fund will direct $4 million to $8 million toward multi-family housing
projects this year.

In an interview this week, Gargano laid out an ambitious goal for $280 million
in mortgage revenue bonds and secondary market production this year. The plan,
which Gargano terms very aggressive, represents an $80 million to $100 million
increase over last year.

To expand service to its customers, the housing fund has begun providing
secondary loans directly to the Federal National Mortgage Association, which has
extended its 97% loan devaluation ratio for West Virginia to make it available
to all borrowers, Gargano said.

A 97% loan devaluation ratio means that homebuyers only need to pay 3% of the
total cost of a house up front. This scenario provides access to the fund for
borrowers who can make payments on a loan, but who are unable to save enough
money for a down payment. A 1% down payment assistance loan plus $1,000 is
available for first-time homebuyers who need it, Gargano pointed out.

In other words, if someone buys a $150,000 home they pay only 2% as a down
payment, plus they receive an additional $1,000.  We allow this buyer to get
into the house for only $2,000, plus closing costs, Gargano explained.

Last year, the housing fund issued $92.5 million in debt, including a $50
million competitive issue, a $35 million privately-placed issue with Fannie Mae,
and a privately-placed $7.5 million issue through the Pittsburgh Federal Home
Loan Bank.

As of March 31, the fund had $892 million of debt outstanding.

Since 1992, we have been recycling bond issues, Gargano explained.  We receive
only $50 million in cash from the state.

Over the last few years, the fund has issued an average of about $150 million in
mortgage revenue bonds annually. Recycling bond issues has helped to strengthen
the housing fund s financial position by helping to keep its debt levels under
control.

Increasingly, the housing fund has placed many of its issues privately to keep
interest rates as low as possible for customers, Gargano said.

The fund is a public body established to develop and improve housing for the
state s residents. The agency has sold more than $2 billion in tax-exempt
revenue bonds to finance 64,000 housing units since it began operations in 1968.

The housing fund is West Virginia s housing finance agency, offering
below-market interest rates and closing-cost financing for moderate- to
low-income homebuyers. It also finances multi-family rental housing, and is the
administrator of U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development programs in
the state.

Last June, the fund became the first state housing finance agency to earn a Aaa
rating from Moody s Investors Service. Moody s continues to rate the fund Aaa,
citing its low-risk profile and its strong overall position. Moody s attributed
the agency s growing strength to the strong performance of its bond programs,
its conservative approach to management, and the improving financial condition
of West Virginia.

Standard & Poor s rates the agency AAA. Fitch has assigned the housing fund its
highest possible short-term rating, F1-plus. Vincent Barberio, Fitch s senior
director in residential mortgage-backed securities, said the rating reflects
Fitch s confidence that the housing fund can meet all of its obligations on a
short-term basis.

In particular, Barberio said the housing fund has a high level of liquidity, one
of the lowest leverage ratios of any state housing agency, ample reserves, and a
very good management team.  Fitch does not have a long-term rating for the
housing fund.

Copyright c 2001 Thomson Financial. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: SOUTHWEST; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 801 words

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             975 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           September 24, 2001 Monday

OK Housing Finance Agency buys One Broadway Center in OKC

BYLINE: Jessica Mitchell

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 682 words


The Oklahoma Housing Finance Agency acquired the One Broadway Center office
building, 100 NW 63rd St. in Oklahoma City, for $2.6 million.

Sellers of the 34,695-square-foot building were One Broadway Center LLC along
with Dan, Randy and Brad Hogan, who have owned the building since 1997.

The agency plans to relocate its operations to One Broadway Center from its
present location in the Glenbrook Center at 1140 NW 63rd St. The agency will
occupy 22,500 square feet of the building, with the remaining 12,210 square feet
to remain occupied by Monte R. Lee & Co. and Add-On Systems.

Eighty of the agency's 109 employees will relocate to One Broadway Center. The
remaining are field employees.

The Oklahoma Housing Finance Agency plans only minor changes for the building,
which was in excellent condition at the time of the sale. The agency will manage
the three-story building.

"Extensive interior remodeling of the space for the Oklahoma Housing Finance
Agency has been completed," said Brad Hogan, senior vice president of the office
services division of Grubb & Ellis/Beffort Brooks Hogan.

Hogan handled the transaction, along with David Harper of Stonegate Hogan.

One Broadway Center has maintained a strong occupancy since it was built in
1982.

During the late '80s, The Ram Group Ltd. occupied most of the building before
selling it to Atlas in 1987 for $1.65 million. In 1993, Mutual Life Assurance
Co. purchased the building for an undisclosed amount. Century Life Assurance
bought the building in 1995 for $1.125 million before selling it to One Broadway
Center LLC and the Hogans two years later for $1.18 million.

The Oklahoma Housing Finance Agency's purchase of the building is the most
recent in a series of owner-occupant office building transactions in the
Broadway Extension and NW 63rd Street area, according to Hogan. Within the last
year, he noted such examples as Delta Dental purchasing the Broadway Plaza
office building and the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation acquiring a
building in the Broadway Executive Center.

"We are seeing a continuing trend of institutional owned office buildings in the
Broadway Extension area being purchased by single-user owners," he said.

Hogan attributed most of the commercial real estate activity in this north
submarket to the improvements being made to Broadway Extension by the Oklahoma
Department of Transportation and its completion of the expansion of the NW 63rd
Street overpass.

"When ODOT first announced the Broadway Extension expansion project and began
closing roads as a result of their work, real estate activity in the area slowed
down significantly," said Hogan. "However, with road construction work
progressing rapidly, demand for office space has resumed in the north submarket,
and we believe over the next five to 10 years Broadway Extension will experience
increased development from NW 63rd Street to Hefner Road, including the addition
of some significant campuses."

The acquisition of One Broadway Center also marks the second major office
building transaction in the Broadway Extension area handled by Grubb &
Ellis/Beffort Brooks Hogan within the last six months. In April, the company
handled the $12.2 million purchase of One Benham Place located at 9400 N.
Broadway Extension.

The Oklahoma Housing Finance Agency is the state's largest provider of
affordable housing. In addition to administering the HOME Program, the agency
offers low interest rate home loans, rental assistance and housing tax credits
to encourage affordable rental developments. The agency also offers programs
that help homeless individuals and those living with special needs.

Grubb & Ellis/Beffort Brooks Hogan is a full-service commercial real estate
company based in Oklahoma City which serves the entire state of Oklahoma. The
company specializes in office, retail, industrial, multi-family and investment
properties and provides such services as tenant and buyer representation,
project leasing, disposition, property management, construction management and
consultation.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Financing

                      Copyright 2001 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             976 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              May 20, 2007 Sunday
                                  City Edition

USDA agent helps fund rural home projects

BYLINE: Clytie Bunyan

SECTION: BUSINESS; OUT & ABOUT; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 557 words


If you lived in rural Oklahoma and were looking for funds for a multifamily
project or to build a single-family home, chances are your application went to
Anita Kinyon's office.

She's multi-family housing program director for rural development with the
United States Department of Agriculture.

For 29 years, Kinyon has been providing direction in processing loans to build
or rehab properties for low- to middle-income rural residents.

She's done periodic checks on properties and inspects records of agents who
manage the properties.

That means the USDA doesn't loan you money and never look back.

A relatively small group of agents statewide - 22 in 15 offices - annually show
up where the agency's money is spent to check on property conditions.

Their goal is to make sure things aren't falling apart, but on occasion some
surprising scenarios are revealed.

On one inspection years ago, Kinyon remembers finding a man hiding in a closet.

Apparently the tenant didn't want the inspectors to know he was staying with
her.

"It was the funniest thing opening the closet and seeing him behind the
clothes," Kinyon said.

The agency can provide funds up to $6 million for multifamily projects and an
average of $130,000 for single-family units as long as they are built in
populations of 20,000 or fewer.

But Kinyon's routine of processing loans and managing rural USDA interests took
a twist the last two years.

After Hurricane Katrina, 1,500 evacuees arrived in Baggs, temporary guests at
Camp Gruber.

Suddenly, Kinyon was recruiting volunteers and working with the national office
to push through waivers on eligibility requirements and asking Washington to
approve up to six months of rental assistance for tenants.

The agency does not rent to convicted felons, so Kinyon coordinated with the
Department of Public Safety to run background checks on evacuees as they
arrived.

All the guests at Camp Gruber checked out OK, she said.

"I get a great deal of satisfaction when I have the opportunity to visit a
property and have residents tell me how thankful they are for the housing that
we provide. In fact, we still have about 40 Hurricane evacuees who are still
with us and are making Oklahoma their new home," Kinyon said.

Those 40 are in USDA apartments throughout the state.

2005 was followed by another eventful year when Kinyon and her staff had to set
up emergency disaster centers after wildfires destroyed thousands of acres
across the state.

Fortunately, no USDA-financed housing was destroyed, she said.

For her efforts with helping the evacuees and coordinating with the Federal
Emergency Management Agency during the wildfires, Kinyon has been named Federal
Employee of the Year in the supervisory category for civilian agencies in
Oklahoma.

Her actions and supervision during both disasters resulted in lasting
partnerships with other federal and state agencies, as well as faith-based
organizations, the USDA said.

"We are committed to the future of rural communities and we are extremely proud
of the accomplishments and leadership skills of Ms. Kinyon," said Brent Kisling,
state director for USDA Rural Development.

Kinyon's office is in Stillwater.

Business Editor Clytie Bunyan: 475-3284;  cbunyan@oklahoman.com

ON THE WEB

More information about the USDA's rural development program is available at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/ok.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Anita Kinyon

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             977 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              May 20, 2007 Sunday
                                  City Edition

USDA agent helps fund rural home projects

BYLINE: Clytie Bunyan

SECTION: BUSINESS; OUT & ABOUT; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 557 words


If you lived in rural Oklahoma and were looking for funds for a multifamily
project or to build a single-family home, chances are your application went to
Anita Kinyon's office.

She's multi-family housing program director for rural development with the
United States Department of Agriculture.

For 29 years, Kinyon has been providing direction in processing loans to build
or rehab properties for low- to middle-income rural residents.

She's done periodic checks on properties and inspects records of agents who
manage the properties.

That means the USDA doesn't loan you money and never look back.

A relatively small group of agents statewide - 22 in 15 offices - annually show
up where the agency's money is spent to check on property conditions.

Their goal is to make sure things aren't falling apart, but on occasion some
surprising scenarios are revealed.

On one inspection years ago, Kinyon remembers finding a man hiding in a closet.

Apparently the tenant didn't want the inspectors to know he was staying with
her.

"It was the funniest thing opening the closet and seeing him behind the
clothes," Kinyon said.

The agency can provide funds up to $6 million for multifamily projects and an
average of $130,000 for single-family units as long as they are built in
populations of 20,000 or fewer.

But Kinyon's routine of processing loans and managing rural USDA interests took
a twist the last two years.

After Hurricane Katrina, 1,500 evacuees arrived in Baggs, temporary guests at
Camp Gruber.

Suddenly, Kinyon was recruiting volunteers and working with the national office
to push through waivers on eligibility requirements and asking Washington to
approve up to six months of rental assistance for tenants.

The agency does not rent to convicted felons, so Kinyon coordinated with the
Department of Public Safety to run background checks on evacuees as they
arrived.

All the guests at Camp Gruber checked out OK, she said.

"I get a great deal of satisfaction when I have the opportunity to visit a
property and have residents tell me how thankful they are for the housing that
we provide. In fact, we still have about 40 Hurricane evacuees who are still
with us and are making Oklahoma their new home," Kinyon said.

Those 40 are in USDA apartments throughout the state.

2005 was followed by another eventful year when Kinyon and her staff had to set
up emergency disaster centers after wildfires destroyed thousands of acres
across the state.

Fortunately, no USDA-financed housing was destroyed, she said.

For her efforts with helping the evacuees and coordinating with the Federal
Emergency Management Agency during the wildfires, Kinyon has been named Federal
Employee of the Year in the supervisory category for civilian agencies in
Oklahoma.

Her actions and supervision during both disasters resulted in lasting
partnerships with other federal and state agencies, as well as faith-based
organizations, the USDA said.

"We are committed to the future of rural communities and we are extremely proud
of the accomplishments and leadership skills of Ms. Kinyon," said Brent Kisling,
state director for USDA Rural Development.

Kinyon's office is in Stillwater.

Business Editor Clytie Bunyan: 475-3284;  cbunyan@oklahoman.com

ON THE WEB

More information about the USDA's rural development program is available at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/ok.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Anita Kinyon

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             978 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                                January 18, 2010

Summerhill Apartments in Idaho Falls benefits from stimulus loan

BYLINE: Brad Carlson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 489  words


Construction of the 80-unit Summerhill Apartments started in December at Twelfth
Street and Hoopes Avenue in Idaho Falls with help from a loan tied to the
federal economic-stimulus program. Summerhill will include a mix of low-income,
moderate-income and market-rate units.

Summerhill "follows our pattern of developing low- and moderate-income housing
for families," said Tom Mannschreck, president of project developer Thomas
Development Co., Boise. He plans to seek Leadership in Energy and Environmental
Design (LEED) certification from the U.S. Green Building Council, as he did with
the adjacent Rosslare senior affordable apartment community. The 64-unit
Rosslare was completed last summer and is full.

Thomas Development and Boise Housing Corp. are partnering on Summerhill,
expected to be completed in July, Mannschreck said. Jim Tomlinson is president
of Boise Housing Corp.

Summerhill would not have gone forward without the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act that Congress passed early last year, Mannschreck said. Thomas
Development received a $2.9 million federal economic-stimulus loan for
Summerhill through the nonprofit Idaho Housing and Finance Association.

A component of the economic-stimulus legislation appropriates money "to assist
in construction of affordable housing because of the downfall of the tax-credit
equity market," Mannschreck said.

Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and major banks were the biggest purchasers of the tax
credits historically, he said. "Now the situation is that there are fewer
purchasers and the pricing has gone down, making a number of tax-credit
developments not economically viable," he said.

As tax-credit values fell, so did the equity needed to build the apartment
projects, Mannschreck said. The loan, designed to be a substitute for tax-credit
equity, has favorable repayment terms but the same restrictions found in the
tax-credit program, he said.

Boise architectural firm Glancey Rockwell & Associates designed Summerhill
Apartments, which Pacific West Construction of Idaho Falls is building.

The multi-family, affordable-housing segment seems to be staying busy among
clients who have access to, or  know how to access, federal, state and local
funding, said Pete Rockwell, principal in Glancey Rockwell. Some market-rate
projects that were contemplated a couple of years ago never moved ahead as
developers saw fewer attractive financing options, he said. Current projects for
Glancey Rockwell & Associates include multi-family and affordable housing, large
industrial projects, smaller commercial projects and tenant improvements, and
high-end residential work.

Mannschreck said he has applied with the U.S. Green Building Council for
gold-level LEED certification for Rosslare, and for the recently completed
Cardona senior affordable housing community in Chubbuck. He expects to apply for
gold or platinum LEED certification of Summerill after that project is
completed, he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             979 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                             August 7, 2012 Tuesday

MassHousing to Sell $76M in New Money, Refunding

BYLINE: Paul Burton

SECTION: REGIONAL NEWS Vol. 121 No. 151

LENGTH: 458  words


The Massachusetts Housing Finance Agency will hold a one-day retail order period
Tuesday for its $75.7 million sale of tax-exempt Series 2012 new-money and
refunding fixed-rate housing bonds through negotiation. The institutional sale
is Wednesday.

Barclays Capital is lead manager. Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Citigroup and
JPMorgan are co-lead managers. Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo PC
is bond counsel, while Nutter McClennen & Fish LLP is representing the
underwriters.

MassHousing will use $35.1 million in Series A proceeds to refinance debt
related to a dormitory at Northeastern University in Boston and $40.6 million in
Series B bonds to benefit six Greater Boston housing projects.

The parity bonds are special obligations of the agency and secured by mortgages
and certain cash and investments held under the general resolution MassHousing
adopted in 2002.

That resolution permits such loan financings as new and existing single-family
and multifamily mortgages.

A MassHousing spokesman said anticipated present savings from the refunding will
exceed 4%. According to the spokesman, both series will feature serial bonds
from 2012 to 2022 with term bonds in 2027 and 2031, while Series 2012B will also
include term bonds in 2042 and 2053.

Fitch Ratings assigned a AA-minus rating and stable outlook to the bonds. Fitch
also affirmed the same rating for the $1.55 billion of parity housing bonds as
of June 30, 2011.

"The portfolio has exhibited sound performance history with only one mortgage,
representing less than 0.1% of the portfolio by loan balance, currently in
delinquency," Fitch said in a report. "MassHousing's successful history of
administering its multifamily housing programs is viewed as a credit strength."

While the loan portfolio is geographically diverse, its largest concentration is
in the Boston area, with about 15% of the outstanding loan balance located in
the city itself, according to Fitch. The 10 largest properties represent about
14% of the portfolio balance.

Moody's Investors Service rated the bonds Aa3, citing the program's "strong
portfolio composition, solid loan performance, sufficient asset to liability
overcollateralization and skilled program management."

Moody's warned that erosion in the operating performance of multi-family
developments could deteriorate theÂ program asset-to-debt ratio, now 1.22,
"although this is mitigated by mortgage insurance provisions on one-half of the
portfolio and solid overcollateralization levels."

State legislation created MassHousing in 1966. Since making its first loan in
1970, the agency has provided more than $13 billion in financing for the
construction and preservation of rental housing, and for loan products for
homebuyers and homeowners.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_BB


                        Copyright 2012 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             980 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                              July 15, 2016 Friday

Project Consulting for Home Repair Program

LENGTH: 393  words


Tenders are invited for Project Consulting for Home Repair Program
The Town of Davie, FL is seeking proposals from qualified proposers to perform
the required services for the City in full accordance with the scope of
services, terms and conditions contained herein. The selection of the successful
respondent(s) shall be at the Towns discretion and shall be made in a prompt
manner after the receipt and evaluation of all RFP responses.


Purpose for this Solicitation
The Town of Davies Office of Community Development Community Services Division
(OCD-CSD) administers certain CDBG, HOME, SHIP and NSP funds to be used for
rehabilitation and new construction of affordable housing. The Division seeks to
hire an Inspector/Project Advisor for these programs and is requesting quotes
from qualified General and Building Contractors, Licensed Structural Engineering
Firms, or Licensed Architectural Firms. Projects may include owner-occupied home
repair, new construction, purchase/rehab/resale, and multi-family rentals. Most
of the construction/rehab work will be done by vendors contracted by the Town of
Davie. The selected applicant will represent the Town by performing interim and
final inspections during the construction period; resolving conflicts between
contractors and homeowners (as requested by the Town; and advising the Town
OCD-CSD staff on matters related to the projects. The Minor Home Repair Program
provides deferred payment (forgivable loans) to income qualified, owner-occupied
households to make repairs necessary to provide safe, decent, and sanitary
housing and ultimately to preserve the Towns affordable housing stock. The
OCD-CSD is now accepting proposals for the management of these programs, which
would include inspections, bid specification preparation, coordination of the
bid process, construction oversight, billings and closeouts
Pre-bid July 25, 2016 At 10:00am At 6591 Orange Drive Davie, Fl 33314
Questions regarding this solicitation shall be submitted in writing to
purchasing@davie-fl.gov no later than 5:00 PM on Thursday, August 4, 2016
Major organization : TOWN OF DAVIE

Address : 6591 Orange Drive,
Davie, Florida 3331
Attn: Brian K. Oconnor

Country :United States
Email : purchasing@davie-fl.gov

Tender notice number : B-16-113

Notice type : Tender Notice

Open date : 2016-08-11

Tender documents : T34486997.pdf

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 81


                          Copyright 2016 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             981 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                              July 15, 2016 Friday

Project Consulting for Home Repair Program

LENGTH: 393  words


Tenders are invited for Project Consulting for Home Repair Program
The Town of Davie, FL is seeking proposals from qualified proposers to perform
the required services for the City in full accordance with the scope of
services, terms and conditions contained herein. The selection of the successful
respondent(s) shall be at the Towns discretion and shall be made in a prompt
manner after the receipt and evaluation of all RFP responses.


Purpose for this Solicitation
The Town of Davies Office of Community Development Community Services Division
(OCD-CSD) administers certain CDBG, HOME, SHIP and NSP funds to be used for
rehabilitation and new construction of affordable housing. The Division seeks to
hire an Inspector/Project Advisor for these programs and is requesting quotes
from qualified General and Building Contractors, Licensed Structural Engineering
Firms, or Licensed Architectural Firms. Projects may include owner-occupied home
repair, new construction, purchase/rehab/resale, and multi-family rentals. Most
of the construction/rehab work will be done by vendors contracted by the Town of
Davie. The selected applicant will represent the Town by performing interim and
final inspections during the construction period; resolving conflicts between
contractors and homeowners (as requested by the Town; and advising the Town
OCD-CSD staff on matters related to the projects. The Minor Home Repair Program
provides deferred payment (forgivable loans) to income qualified, owner-occupied
households to make repairs necessary to provide safe, decent, and sanitary
housing and ultimately to preserve the Towns affordable housing stock. The
OCD-CSD is now accepting proposals for the management of these programs, which
would include inspections, bid specification preparation, coordination of the
bid process, construction oversight, billings and closeouts
Pre-bid July 25, 2016 At 10:00am At 6591 Orange Drive Davie, Fl 33314
Questions regarding this solicitation shall be submitted in writing to
purchasing@davie-fl.gov no later than 5:00 PM on Thursday, August 4, 2016
Major organization : TOWN OF DAVIE

Address : 6591 Orange Drive,
Davie, Florida 3331
Attn: Brian K. Oconnor

Country :United States
Email : purchasing@davie-fl.gov

Tender notice number : B-16-113

Notice type : Tender Notice

Open date : 2016-08-11

Tender documents : T34486997.pdf

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 81


                          Copyright 2016 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             982 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                              July 21, 2006 Friday

It's good to rent in Salt Lake

BYLINE: By Bob Mims The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 864 words


The vacancy rate for Salt Lake County's apartments has shrunk to a decade-low
5.6 percent, while monthly unit rents have edged up $12 since the end of last
year.

Although the midyear Greater Salt Lake Multi-Family Report shows the economic
pendulum swinging strongly toward apartment owners, the survey's authors insist
renters are, comparatively, continuing to get good housing at fair prices.

"There still is a good stock of affordable housing out there," EquiMark
Properties President Mark Milburn said Friday, adding that the almost 2 percent
increase in the price of rent - $641 to $653 per month - was not out of line.

"Rents in the Salt Lake area, up until a year ago, remained very stagnant. [This
rise] is largely a reflection of record-setting job growth, increasing
population, rising mortgage rates and escalating single-family-home prices."

Milburn emphasized that even with declining vacancy and rising costs, the Salt
Lake area "still is a very affordable place to rent an apartment, compared with
other Western states," though others in the industry predict rents will go
higher.

First-quarter rental surveys showed that Salt Lake City ranked 11th out of 13
major Western metropolitan areas, coming in higher than only Albuquerque, N.M.,
at $624 per month with a 4.1 percent vacancy rate; and Tucson, Ariz., at $588
with a 4.8 percent vacancy rate.

San Francisco, with a 2.6 percent vacancy rate, had the most expensive rent
average, at $1,656, followed by Los Angeles ($1,420 and 2.5); Orange County,
Calif., ($1,406, 2.7); San Jose, Calif. ($1,379, 2.1); San Diego ($1,233, 3.0);
Oakland, Calif. ($1,216, 3.1); Las Vegas ($824, 3.4); Denver ($770, 6.3); and
Phoenix ($746, 3.8).

Nationally, the average apartment rental was $952 at the end of March, according
to EquiMark.

Although rents locally rose modestly in the past six months, places with two
bedrooms with two bathrooms -perhaps the most popular Salt Lake County apartment
style - saw a six-month increase of $23, or almost 3 percent, from $774 to $797
per month. No other category rose as much.

For EquiMark's four-county Wasatch Front region, vacancy rates dropped to 5.8
percent from 6.9 percent at the end of 2005. Average rent rose 1.6 percent, from
$634 to $644.

Davis County apartment owners reported vacancy down from 9.2 percent to 7.4
percent, with rentals averaging just $7 a month higher ($613); Utah County
registered a 5.3 percent vacancy rate, down from 7.1 percent, with rents
averaging $646 (up $6); and Weber County saw available apartments shrink from
9.2 percent to 7.4 percent, with rent averaging $580, up just $2.

Steven Erickson, a housing consultant with the low-income advocacy group Utah
Issues, had mixed feelings about the report.

"What's good for developers is not necessarily good for the lower-income folks,"
he said. "Fortunately, the rental price increases are not as dramatic as were
are seeing in the [homeownership] mortgage market."

Erickson says any increase is just more pressure pushing renters closer to the
level advocates see as a financial bubble - where they spend more than one third
of their income on housing.

"We could see more people priced out of the market, especially potential
first-time buyers, with the escalating value of homes along the Wasatch Front,"
Erickson said, noting that values have gone up nearly 21 percent in Salt Lake
County in the past year. "We may just be seeing the beginning of a cycle of
rising prices here."

Paul Smith, executive director of the Utah Apartment Association, hopes Erickson
is right. Rents have been flat for years, he says, while inflation has eaten
away at apartment owners' profit margins.

"A healthy rent rate increase would be around 4 percent," he said. "If I were a
renter, I'd lock in right now. All indications are that rents will go up and
perhaps dramatically" in the coming year.

Propelled by demand, construction of new apartment units has revived, EquiMark
found. Nearly 2,000 new units were proposed for Salt Lake County this year by
contractors. Of those, 642 had been completed as of June and 654 were under way,
with another 772 expected to begin construction before year's end.

At that rate, 2006 apartment construction will finish well behind total new
units erected in 2004 and 2005 (2,794 and 2,627, respectively). EquiMark says
that might seem more alarming that it really is.

One wild card comes from recent brisk sales of entry-level condominium units, a
popular alternative to renting and often a bridge to homeownership. The condo
factor is expected to diminish as mortgage rates continue to rise.

"Really, the industry is at a point where we see equilibrium, where demand for
apartments and delivery of new apartment housing is in balance," Milburn said.

bmims@sltrib.com

The apartment market

* Average rents are up $12, or 1.9 percent, to $653 over the past six months.

* Vacancy rates have fallen to 5.6 percent, the lowest in a decade.

* Compared with other Western cities, the Salt Lake area is still a good rental
value, with only two others posting lower average rents.

* Rising home mortgage rates and home values, and a 3.2 percent Utah population
growth last year, combined to keep apartment demand high.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             983 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                      October 24, 2003 Friday CITY EDITION

NEW GRANTS TO FUND AFFORDABLE APARTMENTS AND TOWNHOUSES

BYLINE: Mara H. Gottfried, Pioneer Press

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 432 words


Townhouses in Inver Grove Heights that will be built close to jobs and
apartments in St. Paul for homeless people recovering from addiction are among
1,800 affordable housing units that should become available because of $50.9
million in grants awarded Thursday.

The Minnesota Housing Finance Agency approved $43.5 million of the total, and
the rest will come from the Family Housing Fund, the Greater Minnesota Housing
Fund and the Metropolitan Council.

"We continue to see housing prices escalate both for multi-family and
single-family housing, growing faster than people's incomes," said Tim Marx, the
housing finance agency's commissioner.

The awards -- 45 for metro-area projects and 49 in greater Minnesota -- are the
first from the agency's two-year, $1 billion budget for housing programs.

The Dakota County Community Development Agency received $900,000 toward a $5
million, 30-townhouse project in Inver Grove Heights. The new housing will be
close to jobs, something in high demand in Dakota County, where estimates show
47,000 new jobs by 2020, said Mark Ulfers, community development agency
executive director.

The townhouses will be aimed at low- and moderate-income workers, often employed
in service or manufacturing industries.

"Because our rents are well below market-rate rents, people have money left over
that they didn't have before," Ulfers said. "They're able to get a decent car to
get around and save for a down payment."

Housing is considered affordable if a household spends no more than 30 percent
of its gross income on it.

Rent is projected to be $640 for a three-bedroom unit in the Inver Grove Heights
project, which will be for families at 50 percent or less of the metro area's
median household income -- a maximum of about $38,000 for a family of four. The
average market rate rent for a three-bedroom unit in Dakota County is $1,142.

The final piece of the funding puzzle -- $362,658 -- for a $5.3 million
expansion of Crestview Community, on St. Paul's East Side, will add 13 new
apartments. The people who live there are mostly single mothers, formerly
homeless and recovering from addiction, and their children.

"It's a tiny bite out a very large community problem, but we look at this as a
great success," said Mary Hartmann, executive director of New Foundations, which
runs services for Crestview residents. "We'll be able to increase our community
to 44 households in all, and that's wonderful."

Mara H. Gottfried can be reached at mgottfried@pioneerpress.com or 651-228-5262.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: MINNESOTA HOUSING

                     Copyright 2003 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             984 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            November 6, 2012 Tuesday

Low-cost housing to target seniors

BYLINE: KIM HACKETT Correspondent

SECTION: B; ARCHIVES; Pg. BNV01

LENGTH: 760 words

DATELINE: VENICE


VENICE: Groundbreaking soon for 61 units on site of razed Grove Terrace

VENICE

More than four years have passed since some of the city's poorest residents made
a forced move out of the dilapidated Grove Terrace public housing complex and
into subsidized private rentals throughout the area -- at a time when affordable
housing was still sparse.

After winning tax credits this spring that will help finance a new residential
development, the Venice Housing Authority and its partner, Norstar-Primerica,
are ready to break ground next month. The first phase of Venetian Walk, a
community for low-income seniors, is to be built on the site of the demolished
Grove Terrace.

The city follows both Bradenton and Sarasota in slowly getting rid of battered
housing projects and replacing them with new, modern and attractive rentals by
partnering with private developers and competing for tax credits.

Tax credits are virtually the only way to build new low-income housing these
days, said Sarasota Housing Authority Executive Director Bill Russell, whose
agency lost out on the credits this year to Venice.

"We're very pleased and happy to see it getting there," said Jim Kraut, the
Venice Housing Authority chairman.

The first phase of the $10.3 million Venetian Walk will take about a year to
build and include 61 low-income apartments for people 62 and older in a
Mediterranean-style, four-story building.

The pedestrian-friendly community will be located a few blocks north of east
Venice Avenue and a short walk to the Sarasota County transit station, Legacy
Trail and historic downtown.

Most will be one-bedroom units and eight will have two bedrooms. Income levels
will be determined by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development and
based on a percentage of the county's median income.

About 50 multi-family units will be included in Phase 2. Kraut said they would
like to break ground on that phase in late 2013, but the authority has to
compete again for tax credits.

It took the agency more than three years to win the credits and get financing
for the first phase.

Sarasota has been waiting for three years to win credits to build the third
phase of Janie's Garden -- a rebuild of the notorious Janie Poe complex,
chronicled in the award-winning documentary "Condemned."

"We're very confident and comfortable" that we are in a good position to get
them for Phase 2, Kraut said of Venetian Walk.

The Venice Housing Authority could have lowered the age to 55 for the first
phase. But, in September, the all-volunteer board voted unanimously to make 62
the minimum age for all household members. That means a 63-year-old grandmother
with custody of a minor child could not move into one of the senior apartments.

"There's a high demand for senior housing," Kraut said.

Former Grove Terrace residents will have priority for the new senior apartments.
Of the 50 households that lived in Grove Terrace, about seven are old enough to
qualify for the first phase, said Martha Thomas, VHA's office manager. The
application process for Venetian Walk will begin sometime next year.

Mayor John Holic, who sits on the VHA board as a city liaison, said the
apartments are badly needed.

"It's a great, neat project and we look forward to having it," Holic said.
"There are so many seniors out there with limited income. It's great we as a
city can do something to help."

Venetian Walk landed on a fast track in the spring when it beat out the Sarasota
Housing Authority and other developers for the federal tax credits, awarded
through The Florida Housing Finance Corp. The competitive process pits developer
against developer and housing authorities against one another for the tax
credits, which translate into building funds when sold on financial markets to
corporations seeking tax breaks.

HUD stopped directly funding the development of new public housing construction
in 1980s, Russell said.

"In 1986, Congress initiated the Low Income Housing Tax Credit (LIHTC) program
to incentivize private equity and developers to build affordable housing,"
Russell said. "To this day, LIHTC remains the primary source of funding to
develop new affordable housing. Hence the intense demand."

Congress appropriated grants a few years ago through a HOPE VI program, which
the Bradenton Housing Authority tapped. Now there is a Choice Neighborhoods
grant program, but it is small in scope and hard to get, Russell said.

Sarasota is hoping to secure federal tax credits in the next funding cycle to
build Phase 3 of Janie's Garden.

"We're kind of stuck until we get the tax credits," Russell said.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Groundbreaking is set for next month for the Venetian Walk apartments.
PHOTO PROVIDED

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             985 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                           November 10, 2009 Tuesday

U.S. District Court Northern District of New York Case Summaries: November 10,
2009

BYLINE: Daily Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 482  words


Social Security

Buske v. Astrue

09-CV-418

Judge Peebles

Background: The case has been opened to the court by Andrew T. Baxter, interim
U.S. attorney for the Northern District of New York, and Karla J. Gwinn, special
assistant U.S. attorney, attorneys for the defendant, for an order remanding the
cause of action to the defendant, pursuant to sentence 4 of 42 U.S.C. § 405(g),
so that further administrative action may be taken. On remand, the
administrative law judge will be directed to consider all medical evidence in
determining whether the plaintiff's impairments are severe, obtain a
consultative psychological examination to assist with the evaluation of the
plaintiff's alleged cognitive impairment, assess the plaintiff's residual
functional capacity, and obtain vocational testimony, if necessary, to determine
whether any work exists in the national economy that the plaintiff can perform.
The plaintiff has consented to the order and the requested remand, and the court
has considered the matter.

Ruling: The final decision of the defendant to deny benefits is reversed and the
case is remanded for further administrative proceedings.

Howard Olinsky for the plaintiff, and Karla J. Gwinn, Social Security
Administration, for the defendant

Administrative Law

Federal Housing - Loan Assistance

Cazenovia Village Apartments Co. v. U.S. Department of Agriculture

03-CV-316

Judge McCurn

Background: The suit was an action against the U.S. Department of Agriculture
for failure to comply with its own regulations pertaining to the Rural Housing
Service Multi-Family Housing Loans. Each of the plaintiffs is a borrower on a
separate loan. The plaintiff claimed the defendant erroneously asserted over a
period of years that the general partner was not a suitable manager even though
he was qualified under the regulations. The defendant also is alleged to have
failed to approve budgets, management plans, reasonable requests for rent
increases and disclosing morale-reducing information to employees. The defendant
generally has made effective or beneficial ownership or management of the
properties at issue impossible, according to the plaintiffs, who sought $750,000
in damages for the deprivation of the rewards of their ownership interests. A
case in the federal Court of Claims between the parties was dismissed because
the plaintiffs' administrative remedies were not exhausted. The current action
was filed once those avenues were explored and led to failure. Following, or
concurrent with, discovery, the plaintiffs entered negotiations to sell the
properties. The sale was scheduled to have closed late in 2005. A number of
stays were granted during the process and the parties now submit a stipulation
of dismissal.

Ruling: The court approves the stipulation closing the case. Neither party is
awarded costs.

Frank A. Bersani for the plaintiffs, and William F. Larkin, assistant U.S.
attorney

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             986 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           November 13, 2014 Thursday

Platteville OKs housing-plan aid

BYLINE: CRAIG D. REBER TH staff writer * craig.reber@thmedia.com

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 441 words


PLATTEVILLE, Wis. - Action is underway to address low- to moderate-income
housing needs in the city of Platteville.

On Tuesday night, Platteville Common Council members voted unanimously to
approve financial assistance for a $5 million, multi-family housing project
located on the city's north side.

Pioneer Property Management wants to build a 30- to 34-unit facility at 1245 N.
Fourth St. The six-acre property is in blighted condition now, according to city
documents. It formerly housed Queen B Radio and its tower. Queen B moved several
years ago to the city's East Side industry park.

According to City Manager Larry Bierke, one of the city's goals is to bring more
low- to moderate-income, or "workforce," housing to the city.

"This development project fits the goals established by the city council," he
said. "This is a win-win for the city."

Council members approved a $100,000 cash grant to the developer at the time an
occupancy permit is issued; a $265,000 loan to the developer at a rate of 2.5
percent, with a 30-year amortization and 16-year balloon payment; and
establishing a shuttle bus stop to serve the development.

The city already provided street and utility infrastructure improvements worth
$110,000 needed for the property.

Bierke said the city is using money from the sale of properties formerly owned
by landlord Darrel Kallembach for the $100,000 grant. The city bought some of
the properties after they went to sheriff's sales.

Pioneer Property Management's Brian Fritz said his company will apply for state
tax credits through the Wisconsin Housing and Economic Development Authority in
January.

"It's a competitive process," he said, explaining that the state receives up to
60 applications annually and scores each one individually.

Pioneer will learn in April if it will be awarded the tax credits. If it does,
the contractor bidding process can begin, with construction beginning late
summer or early fall.

The project is contingent on receiving tax credits. If Pioneer Properties does
not receive credits, then the company will have to see if there is another way
to make the project financially feasible or wait until next year to apply,
according to Fritz.

Pioneer Property Management, located in Platteville, manages more than 5,000
apartment units throughout the Midwest. It also has experience in taking over
distressed properties and turning them around.

"We feel good as a council that we could attempt to help this developer qualify
for the tax credits," said Council Member Barb Daus. "We try to encourage the
development of low- to moderate-income housing without increasing taxes. We are
very committed to this."

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             987 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Telegraph (Alton, Illinios)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          November 10, 2010 Wednesday

Panel gives OK for CCC to build facility

BYLINE: Linda N. Weller, The Telegraph, Alton, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 729 words


Nov. 10--ALTON -- Community Counseling Center got a preliminary nod Tuesday to
proceed with plans to tear down an unneeded building and construct a 12-unit,
independent living facility near another of its homes.

In one of three votes during its meeting, the citizen Alton Plan Commission
unanimously gave a positive recommendation for the city to rezone CCC's property
at 1900 Brown St., from R-2 (single-family residential, urban character) to R-4
(multi-family residential). The property is behind its Yakubian Apartments, east
of Rock Spring Drive.

Commissioners Anne Doucleff and Joe Blair were absent.

All three issues will come before the Alton City Council for vote Nov. 23.

CCC Development Director Anne Tyree said residents would be screened carefully;
they would be single adults, no sex offenders or felons, and most would have
mental and physical disabilities. The tenants would have separate apartments and
mainly could live with little or no assistance in the "supportive housing." She
said it would not be a group home.

Tyree said the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development would subsidize
the rents.

Tyree said the project likely would not start until 2012, because CCC is seeking
financing for the $1 million or so project from state and federal agencies.

CCC moved its offices from the former physician's office building at the front
of the properties on Brown Street to its location under expansion on Edwards
Street. CCC plans to demolish the building as part of the project.

A second issue, for the city to issue a special-use permit for 2526 Della Ave.,
to allow a beauty salon, also garnered a unanimous, positive recommendation from
commissioners.

The small cinderblock building on the corner of Della and Riley avenues across
from Alton Pointe Apartments, now vacant, formerly housed an upholstery
business.

Although zoned R-2, the 20-foot-by-60-foot building never was used as a
residence, said Jennifer Fisher of St. Louis, one of several siblings
represented in the Charles and Mildred Townsend Trust that owns the property.

Fisher said the sale of the property to a young woman working on a beautician's
license is contingent upon the city issuing a special-use permit. Alton Code
Inspector Doug Waggoner said city code would require a sign be placed on a wall,
not freestanding, among other restrictions. There also would be off-street
parking requirements, depending on how many beautician chairs or stations would
be installed.

"This is the best possible use for this building," he said.

It was a man's request for the city to rezone his property, on which a
57-year-old duplex sits, from R-1 (single-family residential, suburban
character) to R-2 that drew the most comments from neighbors and took 50 minutes
to hear and vote. Commissioners then split the vote evenly, essentially
defeating the issue and requiring a two-thirds vote by the City Council to pass
the resolution granting the rezoning.

Voting in favor were Barry Clayton, John Rain, Sam Gomer and Gary Doerr; Sarah
Woodman, Bill Stoutenborough, Mark Hackworth and Terry Dooley voted no.

Nicholas Fencel, owner of 2202 Norside Drive, said he believed the zoning was an
oversight because the building was constructed to be a duplex. Fencel said he
wanted to renovate the structure, which has two bedrooms each, and lease to two
quality tenants at market-level rents.

The previous owner lived on one side and used the other half for storage for at
least the past 19 years, one neighbor said.

Fencel said he would make more money renting two units than if he leased the
building as a one-family home. He said if he couldn't get the rezoning, he would
spend only what is necessary to fix up the house and rent to people with HUD
subsidies, because the rent income would be less than with a duplex.

However, four neighbors said they opposed the rezoning because it would increase
traffic, the tenants' guests would park on the street, and a duplex would bring
in short-term tenants and decrease the values of their properties.

linda_weller@thetelegraph.com

To see more of The Telegraph or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetelegraph.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Telegraph, Alton, Ill.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101110-AI-Panel-gives-OK-for-CCC-to-build-facility-1110-20101110

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AI


                          Copyright 2010 The Telegraph


                             988 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     November 11, 2014 Tuesday 4:00 PM GMT

New York housing supremo: 'The strength of a city is in its diversity';
Alicia Glen, New York's deputy mayor, on why the UK should learn from her
ambitious plans and beef up its private rental market to solve our housing
crisis

BYLINE: Kate Murray

SECTION: SOCIETY

LENGTH: 1305 words


When you're charged with driving through what's been billed as the most
ambitious housing plan your country has ever seen, you could be forgiven for
being daunted by the challenge. But New Yorker Alicia Glen is confident not only
that her city can crack its own housing crisis, but that it can provide some
pointers for the UK too.

Glen, former Wall Street high-flyer turned New York's deputy mayor for housing
and economic development, is a passionate advocate for mixed income, vibrant
cities - and the "conscious interventions" in the market needed to keep them
that way.

In her role leading on New York's plan to build and preserve a total of 200,000
affordable homes over the next decade, she's already started putting together
some of those interventions. "I'm doing deals where there's luxury rental with
formerly homeless families in the same building," she says. "We are doing
interesting cross-subsidy stuff, with a very conscious mixing up of people."

On a whistlestop trip to the UK, Glen spoke at a conference with London mayor
Boris Johnsonand visited Manchester as part of negotiations with the Manchester
City owners, who now also own New York City FC, over their plans for a new
football stadium in New York. She was struck, she says, not only by the similar
challenges of spiralling housing costs and rising demand for affordable homes,
but by the differences in response. In particular, although there have been
moves to encourage more investment in large-scale private rented schemes on this
side of the Atlantic, the private rented sector remains far smaller than in the
US. Relying on housing associations or "what's left of council housing" for
affordable housing, rather than involving the private sector at scale is a "lost
opportunity", Glen says.

"Your fundamental housing problem here is that you have no multi-family [private
rented] housing sector. You have amateur landlords but you don't have a
professionalised rental housing stock," she says. "What I find amazing is that
you have these great housing associations owning and operating gazillions of
units but you don't really have the corollary in the for-profit sector. How are
you ever going to deal with any of the affordability issues if the [private]
rental market is just moms and pops renting out individual units? You can't get
any traction there. You need to reduce your costs of operating it and that's got
to be done at scale."

In New York, around 80% of housing is rented. Glen says rented housing makes
sense, both to encourage workforce mobility and to promote long-term
affordability whereas making home ownership more affordable makes no "long-term
dent" in the housing crisis "The problem is if you don't do affordable housing
as rental housing by definition you're going to lose that unit unless you have
incredibly aggressive enforcement on resale. You could say - and a lot of
conservatives would say - there's nothing wrong with subsidising the production
of a unit if a poor person lives there and 10 years later they sell it for a
gazillion dollars - they've made money and that's wealth creation. But you've
lost the unit and so you're not making any sort of long-term dent in the
affordable housing crisis."

"It strikes me the [UK]government should really be thinking about some of the
techniques we've had in the States where we're incentivising the private sector
to really build this asset class up."

In New York, the $41.1bn housing plan, launched earlier this year, aims to keep
120,000 homes affordable and to build 80,000 more, through a mix of planning
measures, the use of city land, subsidies and tax incentives for private sector
developers.

That's where Glen's own background comes in: after a stint working in the city's
housing department in the late 90s, she moved to Goldman Sachs, where she
oversaw more than $5bn of investment in residential, mixed use and commercial
projects. "Being in City Hall having spent a decade on Wall Street is really
cool because I know what the other side is thinking in a way that I didn't
understand in my first go around," she says. "I've been to the dark side and
come back, so I have a much better understanding of how those folks think.But
while Glen's appointment by Mayor Bill de Blasio might have been viewed as a way
of reassuring developers that the new administration was not anti-business, she
will have to work hard to keep them on side. Right now developers are on board.
They'll give when things are good, but when things get tighter and they have to
take on a little more risk, they'll put up more of a fight."

On the other side of the coin, there are likely to be more run-ins with housing
campaigners, unhappy that the city isn't going further faster on homes for the
lowest income groups. But Glen is at heart a pragmatist. She's known, she says,
as "the queen of housing production" - and that means the bottom line is getting
enough new homes.

"A lot of advocates are really getting unhappy with us because I think they
thought we were going to be really focused on putting low-income housing in
high-end neighbourhoods. They are really fundamentally more focused on economic
integration than on housing production," she says. "But we've got a housing
crisis - there are 50,000 people including 30,000 children living in homeless
shelters in New York City. I can't sleep at night knowing that. Those people
don't have to live on 5th Avenue, they have to live in decent housing."

New York homeless shelters are housing a record-high and the city's homeless
crisis is attributed to a combination of factors, including its worsening
housing affordability and the growing income inequality gap.One of the focal
points of the tension over housing affordability and inequality both here and in
New York has been rows over separate entrances for lower income tenants in mixed
blocks. Glen says: "We don't live in this idyllic world where everything's a
blank slate. If the world was on day one would everybody live happily together,
would poor people and rich people live together, would all schools be fabulous?
Yes, but that's not the reality of the world and so you do the best you can and
you prioritise what your values are. The poor door thing is like a visual
representation of what is a fundamental tension between production and your
ideal society."

New York is now focusing on a wider definition of affordable housing than
previously, to help more middle-income households. And Glen is optimistic that
the city's ambitious plan is achievable. "We are going to do it - I'm going to
be very hungover and have a lot of grey hair, but we are going to do it."

New York's vision of progressive, mixed communities could apply equally in the
UK, Glen suggests. "The ultimate strength of cities is in their diversity. If
you don't support the diversity of people, places and industries you really are
undermining the whole point of what makes cities great."

Curriculum vitae

                     Age 40s

Lives Upper West Side, Manhattan, New York City.

Family Married, two children.

Education Manhattan country school; Amherst College; Columbia Law School, juris
doctor (law degree).

Career 2014-present: deputy mayor, housing and economic development, NYC;
2002-14: head, urban investment group, Goldman Sachs; 1998-2002: assistant
commissioner, housing finance, NYC Dept Housing, Preservation & Development;
1997-98: associate attorney, Fulbright & Jaworski; 1996-97: associate attorney,
Kalkines, Arky, Zall & Bernstein; 1993-96: Brooklyn Legal Services; junior aide,
Manhattan borough president, David Dinkins.

Public life 2010; David Rockerfeller Follow; served on various NYC boards.

Interests hiking, golf, dining at New York's great restaurants.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2014 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             989 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            November 18, 2016 Friday

New upscale Healdsburg hotel approved by planners

BYLINE: Clark Mason, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 530 words


Nov. 18--Healdsburg is in line to get a new hotel that not only will help meet
market demand for more lodging, but provide highly sought, affordable housing
next door.

The city Planning Commission this week voted 4-0 to approve a 122-room "upscale"
hotel along with a 42-unit, affordable housing project on a four-acre site off
Dry Creek Road, just east of Grove Street.

Seaview Investors, an Orange County developer of hotels in Southern California,
plans to break ground in early 2017 and complete the $22 million construction
project a year later.

"This is a very special project because of the mixed use," Seaview
vice-president Hannah Greenberg said Thursday. "It's no surprise Healdsburg, as
well as the rest of Sonoma County, is facing a housing crisis. We are proud to
offer the affordable units to the community."

Healdsburg Planning Director Barbara Nelson said the added housing is "a major
positive" that will add needed rental dwellings.

"It brings a lot to Healdsburg," she said, adding that the hotel fills a niche
and "enlivens the Dry Creek corridor."

The four-story hotel is designed to fill the gap between existing economy
lodging and luxury hotels in Healdsburg, with rates anticipated between $200 to
$350 per night.

It will include a breakfast and lounge seating area, meeting space,
800-square-foot swimming pool, bocce court and fitness center.

As a condition of approval, the hotel and the affordable housing have to be
built at the same time.

There will be a mix of one- to three-bedroom units, with rents tied to between
80 to 120 percent of area median income.

Greenberg said a three-bedroom apartment will range from between $1,450 to
$2,750 monthly, depending on family income.

"There's no public financing, or subsidy," she said of the affordable,
deed-restricted housing project. But she acknowledged that without the hotel
revenue, the project would not pencil out.

The site at 110 Dry Creek Road is currently occupied by Engelke Construction and
Domenichelli Masonry.

The site is bordered by a Travelodge to the west, a mini-storage to the south,
and the railroad right-of-way and Foss Creek to the east.

Only about a half-dozen speakers addressed the Planning Commission Tuesday, but
there was no opposition. Questions centered on traffic and parking associated
with the project.

There will be 131 parking spaces for the hotel, including valet, and 77 spaces
for the affordable housing project.

To cut down on vehicle trips, the hotel plans to offer shuttle service to the
downtown.

The hotel site has pedestrian and bicycle access points from Dry Creek Road and
from a planned connection to the Foss Creek pathway to the east. A pedestrian
bridge over Foss Creek will be built to connect the multi-family project to
Grove Street.

The hotel is expected to generate approximately $1.3 million in room occupancy
taxes annually for the city, most of which will go to park and recreation
programs.

You can reach Staff Writer Clark Mason at 707-521-5214 or
clark.mason@pressdemocrat.com On Twitter@clarkmas

___ (c)2016 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20161118-UR-New-upscale-Healdsburg-hotel-approved-by-planners-1118-20161118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                       Copyright 2016 The Press Democrat


                             990 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Nelson Daily News (British Columbia)

                              June 26, 2009 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Will Nelson become a hollow boutique community?; Made in the Kootenays housing
crisis requires homemade solutions

BYLINE: Mike Stolte, Special to Nelson Daily News

SECTION: EDITORIAL; It All Adds Up; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 849  words


Now that I have my house in the Kootenays should I care about housing for
others? If prices are too high here, won't the current financial crisis
straighten things out, like it's doing to formerly overheated housing markets
south of the border? If there aren't enough rentals, won't the market respond
and build some?

These are all questions that emerged at the "100 Mile Ideas Diet" conversation
café on innovative affordable housing solutions that CIEL organized at Oso Negro
last week (this was the fourth of five forums on issues related to community
vitality). Housing is such a broad and relevant topic (we all need housing) that
the café was only able to scrape the surface of the issue, in the process
tapping into some passionate beliefs and values when it comes to housing and
possible solutions.

"The market has failed, and failed colossally here", began housing consultant
Derek Murphy.

In the last great market failure, governments stepped in. Murphy gave the
caffeinated crowd of 75-80 some history and context. A housing shortage caused
by the swooning ranks of boomers in the '70s led provincial and federal
governments of the day to become proactive, not only providing units (through
non-profits and cooperatives) and incentives for housing developments, but also
offering generous subsidies to low and even middle income earners to buy homes
(up to $10k). This time around that same supply crisis we experience here in
Nelson is more of a regional issue. It's confined mainly to the west and differs
from community to community. Therefore, we shouldn't expect it to be addressed
by deficit-laden Ottawa or Victoria any time soon said Murphy.

What does that mean for us? With rentals in short supply (and disappearing
yearly), developers only building higher-end units (and all that's moving much
more slowly - if at all -- in a slow economy), prices still hovering in the
$300K range (unaffordable for most first-time buyers), and the issue being
complex (spans geographical and political boundaries -- Salmo, Castlegar, the
Valley, Nelson are interconnected), are there any signs of hope?

To make matters worse, many of us who bought when things were cheaper (like me),
are often oblivious of the issue. Or they believe we should raise the drawbridge
and not let anyone else in. But if young families, and many of those who helped
to build the vitality that we appreciate in Nelson (seniors, artisans, people
who work in lower paid sectors that fuel much of our service-based economy)
can't afford to make this place home, we become a hollow boutique community.

"The word is out," said panellist Stacey Lock, community outreach worker. "Don't
move to Nelson unless you have accommodation."

Some of the innovative solutions suggested were interesting: allow innovative
non-profits to flourish (like years ago), provide land trusts (public owns the
land, therefore units are more affordable) like they do in Europe (CBT was
suggested as the catalyst), offer shared accommodation (in Philadelphia, trusts
operate larger renovated houses accommodating 7-8 people), provide housing where
a full range of services can be provided to the homeless (like Portland Hotel in
Vancouver - panellist Michelle Mungall pointed out that it costs 33 per cent
less to house those in need than provide for medical, health, and justice
services to the homeless. She also stated that one in five clients of emergency
housing services locally are the working poor).

There were also some more affordable construction options offered; the new
Castlegar seniors residence is coming in at 2/3rds of typical development costs,
yurts (a fully insulated yurt for less than $20K), supporting local builders
(Mandala, Top Notch, etc.), or accepting more cheap modular (pre-fabricated)
housing. Tata, the Indian manufacturer of a sub-$5,000 car, is selling out of
its new basic $5,000 five hundred square foot pre-fabricated three story walk-up
apartment units in the Indian housing market.

Nelson is going to have to get over its extreme Nimbyism (Not In My Backyard) if
it wants to move forward on the issue concluded panellist Derek Murphy. He asked
some provocative questions:

- Is Nelson willing to accept 40-60 unit multi-family dwellings (which we
currently seem to oppose)?

- Are we willing to expand City boundaries to allow for more serviced land (and
therefore more affordable units)?

- Are we willing to accept and push for more modularized homes (e.g. mobile
homes and other pre-fabricated choices), getting over our hang-up for custom
(more expensive) homes?

All food for thought and worth having a continued community conversation and
respectful debate on. Closing our eyes and ignoring the issue won't make it go
away. Only good focussed leadership will help.

To follow the continuing discussion: http://ciel1.blogspot.com/

To listen to the café's conversations, stay tuned in the coming weeks to KCR for
the '100 Miles Ideas Diet' and CIEL's web-site (podcasts of the show).

Mike Stolte is the Executive Director of the Nelson-based Centre for Innovative
& Entrepreneurial Leadership (CIEL - www.theCIEL.com).

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Nelson Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             991 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 February 25, 2000 Friday MORNING FINAL EDITION

SARATOGA LANDLORD FACING NEW CHARGES

BYLINE: ED POPE, Mercury News Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 596 words


A wealthy Saratoga landlord who already has admitted to state charges of
illegally collecting housing subsidies in Santa Clara County now faces federal
charges alleging a similar scheme in Contra Costa County.

Nemat Maleksalehi, who has substantial holdings of Bay Area real estate, was
indicted Tuesday on federal charges of mail and wire fraud and money laundering
in a scheme that allegedly netted $1.3 million in housing subsidies intended for
the poor in Pittsburg.

Maleksalehi, 57, who also uses the names Matt Madison and Matt Malek and resides
in a palatial, hilltop home, already faces up to three years in state prison for
his guilty and no-contest pleas to charges he conducted a similar scheme in
Santa Clara County.

If convicted of the new charges -- 11 counts of wire and mail fraud and three
counts of money laundering -- Maleksalehi could spend up to five years in
federal prison for each of the fraud charges and up to 20 years for each of the
laundering violations, said the U.S. Attorney's Office in San Jose.

The indictment charges that from Jan. 31, 1991, through Dec. 2, 1996,
Maleksalehi defrauded the federal Housing and Urban Development Department of
$1.3 million by submitting false invoices, financial records, tenant records and
other documents.

The alleged scheme was carried out, prosecutors said, at the HUD-insured
Pittsburg Plaza, a 126-unit multi-family housing project on Harbor Drive, which
he owned and which his real estate firm, Housing Network in Los Altos, managed.

Pittsburg Plaza received federal rent subsidies, commonly known as Section 8
payments, which were intended to allow low-income families "to lease decent,
safe and sanitary housing."

The indictment charges that Maleksalehi used false documents and the cover of a
construction company he controlled to siphon off the federal subsidies for his
own benefit and the benefit of others. The U.S. Attorney's Office said he
illegally collected funds from a special trust account for major maintenance,
knowingly allowed ineligible tenants to reside in the apartment complex,
submitted false, fraudulent and fictitious expenses to HUD and deceived his
accountant with false documents, knowing that HUD relied on such an audit in
determining Maleksalehi's compliance.

The defendant is to appear before U.S. Magistrate Patricia Trumbull on March 2
for a bail hearing.

Earlier this month, Maleksalehi pleaded guilty and no contest in Superior Court
on five counts of grand theft brought by the Santa Clara County District
Attorney's Office. Investigators said he qualified ineligible persons to live in
rent-subsidized apartments that he owned or managed while he actually was
renting them at market value to other tenants and pocketing the rents. In that
scheme, which operated from 1990 to 1996, he defrauded the county Housing
Authority of $212,000, authorities said.

He also illegally obtained welfare payments for the son of his mistress, who was
actually living comfortably with his mother in Palo Alto, while Maleksalehi and
the women swore the boy was living with his grandmother in Cupertino. Four
others are still awaiting trial on charges in that case.

Maleksalehi -- who owns apartment complexes in Mountain View and Santa Clara,
storage facilities in San Ramon and office buildings in Los Altos as well as 23
condominiums in Oregon and other properties -- also allegedly induced the Santa
Cruz County Housing Authority to provide rent subsidies for an ocean-view home
in La Selva Beach used principally by his extended family.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2000 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             992 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 2004 Fordham University School of Law
                           Fordham Urban Law Journal

                                 January, 2004

                            31 Fordham Urb. L.J. 413

LENGTH: 32853 words

SPECIAL SERIES: DEVELOPING SUSTAINABLE URBAN COMMUNITIES: THE CONTINUING CRISIS
IN AFFORDABLE HOUSING: SYSTEMIC ISSUES REQUIRING SYSTEMIC SOLUTIONS

NAME: Paulette J. Williams*

BIO: * Assoc. Prof. of Law, Univ. of Tennessee College of Law. I wish to express
my appreciation to the University of Tennessee College of Law for supporting my
scholarship with summer research grants and release time, and to my colleagues
in the U.T. Legal Clinic for their support during my work on this article. My
colleagues Dwight Aarons, Judy Cornett, Joan Heminway, Amy Morris Hess, Donald
Leatherman, and Dean Hill Rivkin read and gave invaluable comments on a previous
draft of the article. Special words of thanks go to my research assistant Ri<um
e>tte van Laack and my mentor Carol McCrehan Parker. This article is dedicated
to my father, CMSgt. Grant S. Williams, Sr., (USAF, Ret.), one of the original
Tuskegee Airmen.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  He bought his first house in Manchester, New Hampshire, because there was
no housing available on base, and very little rental housing was available in
town. ... In addition to efforts to improve the supply and quality of rental
housing available to low income people, there has been an increased reliance on
programs that support homeownership by low income people. ... The lesson in such
stories is not that life in public housing is ideal, or that publicly owned
rental housing is the best or the only way to provide affordable housing to low
income people. ...  Affordable housing for low income people has generally meant
rental housing. ...  June was National Homeownership Month 2003, and it was
broadly celebrated at the HUD website and in public appearances by HUD Secretary
Mel Martinez. ...     This basic public housing program was enacted to permit
local public housing agencies to construct and manage rental housing for
low-income people. ...     This program provides "tenant-based assistance,"
which means portable rental assistance where the eligible family can select
suitable housing and move to other suitable housing using the same voucher. ...
It was originally known as the Urban Revitalization Demonstration Project, and
the program was intended to enable local public housing agencies to demolish its
deteriorated and expensive-to-maintain housing and to promote homeownership and
a move toward self-sufficiency for low income people. ...

TEXT:
 [*413]

   I. Introduction

 In 1960, my father bought the first home he ever owned. He was forty years old,
with one child away at college and two still in high school. As a career
military man, my father picked up his family every two or three years and moved
lock, stock, and barrel to a totally new location. Until he first bought a
house, our family had lived in rented houses, sometimes on military bases. He
bought his first house in Manchester, New Hampshire, because there was no
housing available on base, and very little rental housing was available in town.
Buying the house was not part of a long-term strategy; we simply needed a place
to live, and this house was what he found. n1

    [*414]  My father bought his second house under similar circumstances. n2 He
had been transferred to Langley Air Force Base in Hampton, Virginia, and he
moved into temporary housing for thirty days. Again, he was looking for housing,
and did not care whether he ended up with a rental or a purchase. He bought the
house he now lives in for $ 32,950 in 1972. My father put down 5% and obtained
an FHA mortgage at 7% for thirty years. n3 The four bedroom, two and a half bath
home is in a nice neighborhood, and he has taken good care of it. It is now
worth over $ 150,000. Even today, my father has trouble thinking of himself as
owning an asset that is worth over $ 100,000, because that sounds like "an awful
lot of money" to him. n4

   As it is for most Americans, n5 my father's house is his major asset. Unlike
many Americans, however, my father is not buried under a mountain of debt. n6
Not only has he managed to pay off the mortgage on his house, but he has
resisted the many offers that he gets to take out home equity loans, and he pays
off the one credit card that he uses every month. My father is not wealthy,
although he shares a lot of values in common with the true millionaires
described in Stanley and Danko's The Millionaire Next Door. n7 Although all of
his income is from his military pension and social security, he has a level of
economic security that is surprisingly rare in this rich country.

   This story about my father provides some important lessons about economic
security, and suggests that homeownership plays an important role in achieving
economic security for American  [*415]  families. Homeownership has played an
important role for many middle-class people in achieving economic security, n8
and I argue in this article that it can do the same for people in poverty.

   Since 1937, when the first federal legislation was enacted to provide housing
for low income people, n9 there has been an acknowledged crisis in affordable
housing. n10 The number of people in need of housing and unable to afford it
through the private market system has continued to outstrip the number of
housing units available to this population. n11 The federal government has
enacted a range of programs, generally implemented through state or local
housing agencies, to address the crisis. n12 In this article, I survey the
affordable housing programs and closely examine a few of the most important
ones, considering how successful each program has been in achieving its
objectives, and in that process, assessing what role each program plays in our
national housing policy. n13

   The government housing programs are aimed at people who have incomes that are
significantly less than the median income in the area where they live. n14
Although my father is not poor, n15 and he was not a beneficiary of the
affordable housing programs for  [*416]  poor and low income people discussed in
this article, n16 in the final analysis, as I consider what we need to do to
address the crisis in affordable housing in this country, I nonetheless return
to this story of my father. n17 I believe that his story is relevant to the
discussion of the housing crisis, because we will solve the problem only when we
are able to collectively learn the important lessons about economic security
that my father has learned, and only when we commit ourselves to making those
lessons available to low income people. n18 The concepts of poverty and economic
security are more psychological than they are financial. n19 In this and
subsequent articles on the topic of wealth and poverty, I will examine the
characteristics that led my father to have a sense of economic security, and the
characteristics that lead others with similar levels of income and resources to
economic despair. n20 This article examines the government programs which have
been designed to provide housing to low income people. n21 The main focus of the
article  [*417]  is a comparison between the programs designed to provide rental
housing and programs designed to promote homeownership.

   I am primarily concerned with determining which of the existing programs do
the best job of promoting economic security among the population they are
designed to benefit. Therefore, I measure the success of a housing program by
whether it promotes economic security. Nonetheless, in the course of this
discussion, I will consider other definitions of success and how the programs
measure up against them. Part II presents a framework for a discussion of
affordable housing policy issues. n22 In this section, I outline the complex
environment of affordable housing development, and the multiple interests that
need to be involved in developing any coherent policy.

   Part III gives a short history of public housing policies from 1937 to the
end of the twentieth century. n23 Part IV discusses the major rental housing
programs. n24 The public housing program discussed in Part III is briefly
assessed here, n25 as are the HOPE VI, n26 Section 8, n27 Welfare Reform, n28
and Low Income Housing Tax Credits n29 programs. This section contains a
discussion of the relationship between affordable housing and welfare reform,
because the public policy of encouraging the poor to become self-sufficient,
both in financial and housing terms, has been a driving force in the development
of affordable housing policy. n30

   Part V describes programs designed to promote homeownership for low income
families. n31 These include Mixed-Financed Development programs, n32 HOPE VI,
n33 Non-profit and Community-based Developments, n34 and Low Income
Homeownership initiatives. n35

    [*418]  In Part VI, I draw conclusions based on this comparative analysis
and make a recommendation for the direction affordable housing policy should
take. n36 I conclude that what we do not have, and what we need, is a National
Affordable Housing Policy, with a clearly defined mission, accountable to
multiple interests and taking into account a variety of measures of success. n37
To fulfill its mission the responsible entities will need the resources,
expertise, and power to get the job done.

   Finally, the Appendix of Affordable Housing Statutes is a quick reference
guide to the major statutes in this area. n38

   II. The Affordable Housing Environment

   A. The Scope of the Crisis.

 The United States has been in the midst of an affordable housing crisis for
many years. n39 What exactly is meant by the "affordable housing crisis" depends
on who is discussing the question, and the specific context of the discussion.
n40 In this section, I provide an overview of the crisis from a variety of
perspectives.

   Affordable housing refers to housing intended for "low income" or "very low
income" people. n41 In the year 2000, the average annual income of the
households in the bottom 20% of U.S. households was $ 10,500. n42 The 1990s were
a period of unprecedented growth in the United States economy; n43 the lowest
20% of households, however, saw almost no gains in income since 1975. n44

    [*419]  The problem of housing affordability can be seen by looking at the
high percentage of low income households who pay a disproportionate share of
their incomes (more than 30% by some measures; more than 50% by others) for
housing. n45 Of the 20 million lowest income households, over 24% pay between
30% and 50% of their incomes for housing and/or live in inadequate housing. n46
Most of the 7.2 million of the lowest income households pay more than half of
their incomes for housing. n47

   It is a serious problem that the quality of housing available to low income
people is generally substandard. n48 Reports of the deplorable housing
conditions suffered by the urban poor date back to the late nineteenth century.
n49 In 1992, the National Commission on Severely Distressed Public Housing found
that approximately 6%, or 86,000 units of public housing, were severely
distressed. n50 A complaint frequently made about public housing units is that
they are not well maintained by the local public housing authorities, and that
they are crime-ridden, unhealthy environments. n51 As a result, many of the
people for whom the housing was intended refuse to live there, and thousands of
public housing units stand vacant and uninhabitable. n52 Fourteen percent of the
housing  [*420]  occupied by lower income families is structurally inadequate or
overcrowded. n53 The existence of these conditions of distress in combination
with inadequate housing illustrates the complexity of the problem. Housing alone
will not solve the problem. Any effective solution must address the other
concerns as well.

   Another way to view the crisis is to note the disparity between the supply of
low cost housing units and the number of low income households. n54 Only 9.1
million units rent for less than $ 4,800 per year, n55 or nearly half the income
of the average household in the lowest income group. n56 Yet, there are over
10.3 million lowest-income renter households, and only 4.7 million of them are
able to secure those low rent units. n57 There is also a significant disparity
between the number of new affordable units produced each year and the increasing
number of households in the low income category. n58 Waiting lists for public
housing or for vouchers for subsidized housing are extremely long. n59
Unfortunately, the number of housing units available for low income people has
been seriously eroded by demolition and tough admissions and evictions policies.
n60

   At the same time that we face this shortage of affordable housing, we also
face a concentration of poverty in our inner cities and in our low income
housing developments, which has brought with it increased crime, drug activity,
unemployment, poor education and a variety of social ills. n61 Some view the
homogeneous nature of  [*421]  projects populated exclusively by low income
people as a problem. n62 To others it is part of the natural process of upward
mobility, where people with the resources to do so leave the inner cities for
the suburbs. n63

   An extreme measure of the crisis in affordable housing can be seen by looking
at the problem of homelessness. n64 The level of social services needed to
address the housing problems of the homeless puts this group in a special needs
category which is beyond the scope of this article, but which urgently needs to
be addressed. n65

    [*422]  Patterns of racially segregated housing add another dimension to the
affordable housing crisis. n66 Despite the enactment of laws that prohibit
racial discrimination in housing, n67 residential racial segregation remains a
fact of life in most parts of the United States. n68 In some views racism is one
of the causes of the affordable housing crisis, or at the very least has
contributed significantly to it. n69 Government-supported policies that promote
residential racial segregation have been well documented. n70 The lasting
patterns of residential segregation in this country have impacts on property
values, the quality of education, and the social fabric of our communities. n71
Thus, an appropriate question to ask is whether good  [*423]  affordable housing
policy can or should aim to diminish the amount or effects of racial
segregation. n72

   Another perspective on the affordable housing crisis is the role of the
developers or builders, who find it less profitable to develop low income
housing than market-rate housing because of the limited rents or purchase prices
available from this population. n73 Driven purely by market forces, developers
would build housing only to the extent that they can make a profit on it. n74
When the costs of development are greater than the revenue that can be generated
by a property, there is no profit, and market forces would result in no
affordable housing being built. n75 To counteract the effect of pure market
forces, government programs provide subsidies in various forms. Examples are
Section 8 rent subsidies, n76 Low Income Housing Tax Credits, n77 and down
payment assistance for low income home owners. n78

   The affordable housing crisis is affecting state governments that have been
contending with severe revenue shortfalls since the year 2001. n79 The social
safety net of welfare, child care, job development, and Medicaid programs, as
well as housing assistance is threatened by a lack of resources in states'
budgets. n80 Housing policy and welfare policy are very closely related. n81
Affordable housing  [*424]  is a major issue for people who have very low
incomes. n82 The same people who cannot afford to pay for housing at market
rates are likely to need assistance for other basic necessities. n83 Since the
Great Depression of the 1930s we have had in place some form of public
assistance which sought to provide basic necessities of life, including shelter,
to very low income people. n84 Since 1996, legal policies toward welfare have
changed such that there is no longer an entitlement to receive monetary
benefits. n85 This raises the question of whether there remains a safety net for
basic shelter, and how the elimination of an entitlement to public benefits
affects the policies articulated in our early housing legislation. n86

   Finally, it is worth examining the merits of developing affordable rental
housing vs. affordable housing for homeownership. n87 Forty-eight percent of the
lowest income families own their own homes. n88 Both renters and owners in the
lowest household income group have serious affordability problems, n89 and many
homeowners, particularly elderly homeowners who are burdened with increased
health care costs, are paying over 50% of their incomes for housing and are
vulnerable to losing the equity they have in their homes. n90  [*425]  There is
evidence that a dual financial market is developing, meaning that lower income
home buyers do not have access to banks and other conventional financial
services and products as do home buyers in the upper brackets. n91 Loans are
being offered to the lower income buyers by mortgage companies at higher rates,
significantly adding to the cost of housing for the lower income families. n92
One way to improve housing affordability would be to facilitate access to
mainstream financial services and homeownership for the lower income group.

   Yet, it is possible that the promotion of homeownership for low income people
is creating a problem for renters and increasing the affordability gap. n93 Have
we created a dichotomy between renters and homeowners that has unintended
negative consequences? How do we address issues such as concentrations of
poverty and the creation of a permanent underclass of low income people? How do
we find ways for low income people to move out of poverty and into economic
security?

   The discussion in the sections that follow will attempt to weave together
these various perspectives on the affordable housing crisis.

   B. The Interest Groups

 A full examination of the affordable housing crisis requires a close look at
the interests of 1) the community of low income people who are the current and
prospective occupants of affordable housing; n94 2) neighbors and others whose
property values, level of municipal services, and sense of community may be
affected by the addition of affordable housing to a neighborhood; n95 3) the
federal, n96  [*426]  state, and local public housing agencies; n97 4) other
public service agencies; n98 5) the nonprofit and for-profit developers and
sponsors, n99 6) real estate business interests including builders, mortgage
lenders, and other investors; n100 and 7) planners and environmentalists
concerned with design issues and effects on the environment. n101 This article
will touch upon the roles that these groups play in the process; however, there
is a need for in-depth study of affordable housing examining the interactions
among these interests.

   III. Public Housing

   A. A Brief History

 The task of understanding the mass of statutes governing affordable housing
programs in the United States is monumental. n102 The table in the Appendix to
this Article presents the barest outline of  [*427]  several important Acts of
Congress relating to housing for low income people. n103

   Beginning in the 1930s, in response to the dramatic increase in homelessness
arising out of the Great Depression, n104 Congress enacted the first of many
public housing programs. n105 The 1937 Housing Act provided for federal funding
of local public housing agencies to develop, construct, and manage housing for
low income people. n106 This legislation had the dual purposes of providing
public housing for low income persons n107 and slum clearance. n108 These
somewhat contradictory purposes resulted in a strange political coalition
between social workers, who were most interested in housing poor people, and the
private developers who were anxious to demolish blighted buildings and re-build
housing for working people. This initial effort at forging a national housing
policy was only partly successful because of opposition from private real estate
interests and lack of funding for the public housing effort. n109

   Conflicts between those favoring public housing and those who wanted slum
clearance persisted in the years after World War II, n110 delaying the enactment
of new housing legislation. After becoming  [*428]  a major issue in the 1948
presidential campaign, n111 and after a very colorful Congressional fight, n112
the next major affordable housing legislation was enacted in 1949. n113 It
contained lofty goals promising "a decent home and suitable living environment
for every American family." n114

   Title I of the 1949 Act, which provided for urban redevelopment through slum
clearance and new public housing construction, n115 met with mixed success
during the 1950s. n116 Statutes enacted during those years n117 shifted away
from a simple slum clearance approach to more comprehensive programs which
involved rehabilitation of existing structures, n118 enforcement of building
codes, n119 relocation of displaced residents, n120 and citizen participation in
the urban renewal process. n121 During the 1950s and 1960s, public housing was a
controversial program which received sporadic support from Congress and the
Executive branch. n122 The 1949 Act authorized the construction of 810,000 new
public housing units over the first six years, but it took over twenty years to
achieve that goal. n123

    [*429]  The 1960s were growth years for public housing. n124 President
Johnson made the development of affordable housing a key aspect of his
administration's program, n125 and in 1965, he created the Department of Housing
and Urban Development ("HUD") as a cabinet level agency. n126

   The 1960s also saw an increased emphasis on urban renewal. n127 In 1961,
Congress authorized $ 2 billion in capital grants for urban renewal projects,
and authorized another $ 5 billion by 1968. n128 These urban renewal projects
were not solely for affordable housing development. n129 The projects included
office buildings, parking lots, stadiums, and other efforts to revitalize urban
areas. n130 The urban renewal program was criticized, because areas other than
slums were redeveloped, and some of the people displaced were not able to return
to housing on the sites. n131

   Instead of focusing on either urban renewal or the construction of public
housing units as had the 1949 Housing Act, later housing legislation developed
new approaches that incorporated market incentives in the effort to create
affordable housing. n132 The 1961 Housing Act contained the Section 221(d)(3)
program, which permitted the Federal Housing Administration ("FHA") to insure
mortgages at below-market rates for affordable rental housing. n133 In the
Housing Act of 1968, the Section 235 and Section 236 programs provided for
direct interest rate subsidies to private developers  [*430]  of housing for low
income home buyers and renters, respectively. n134 Although these programs were
publicly funded, the fact that the support went to businesses enabled them to be
seen as private market solutions and quieted the criticisms of excessive
government interference that the real estate and building industries had voiced
regarding earlier public housing programs. n135 By the 1970s the Section 235 and
236 programs had produced more housing units than had been produced under the
public housing programs. n136 The 1960s also saw the enactment of the Fair
Housing Act of 1968, n137 which prohibited racial and ethnic discrimination in
the sale and rental of public housing. n138

   The Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 created the Section 8
program, n139 probably the most successful rental housing program for low income
people. n140 It provided subsidies for owners to construct and rehabilitate
housing (project based) and vouchers that tenants could use in the rental units
of their choice (certificate based). n141 The Section 8 program is discussed in
detail below. n142

   Significant public housing was built in the late 1960s and 1970s. n143
Approximately 1,115,300 public housing units had been built or planned by 1970,
n144 but construction halted in 1973 when President Nixon declared a moratorium
on federal housing programs. n145 Always controversial, public housing was
criticized for  [*431]  competing with private industry, n146 for creating
concentrations of poverty by excluding working class and upwardly mobile
families, n147 for perpetuating slums and blight with its poor design and
inadequate maintenance, n148 for fostering dependency among the poor, n149 and
for segregating tenants by race. n150

   There is ambivalence in our public policy on the question of which members of
the population should be served by public housing. n151 Should public housing be
reserved - largely or exclusively - for the lowest income people, or should it
also be available to persons of higher income, the so-called "working poor"?
Congress has answered this question in several different ways over the years.
n152 The 1937 Housing Act stated its intent that public housing was to be
provided for the lowest income people, who could not afford housing in the
private market, and whose income was a maximum of five times their rent. n153
Nevertheless, there was an expectation that the costs of public housing would be
covered by the rents. n154 In the 1949 Housing Act, Congress recommitted to
housing the lowest income people. n155 The rent ceilings have gone up and down,
n156 and funding levels for housing have fluctuated. n157 Since 1974, however,
Congress has moved away from the goal of housing the lowest income people toward
a goal of creating mixed-  [*432]  income projects and lessening the
concentration of poor people in public housing. n158

   B. Summing Up the Problem and Looking Toward Solutions

 The sad state of public housing in the United States was highlighted in 1989
when Congress created the National Commission on Severely Distressed Public
Housing to identify the worst public housing in the country and to recommend a
national action plan to address the problem. n159 The Commission's 1992 report
found that approximately 6%, or 86,000 units of public housing, were severely
distressed, and that traditional approaches to revitalizing that housing were
not working. n160 During the early to middle years of the 1990s, the number of
public housing units steadily decreased despite the increase in the low income
population. n161

   Today we rely on a combination of government-operated public housing and
privately-owned and operated subsidized housing as the most important source of
housing for low income people. Public housing continues to be criticized for its
deteriorated condition, for creating concentrations of poverty in the inner
cities and for its accompanying poor quality of education, lack of access to
jobs, increased crime, and a greater need for public services. n162 Possible
solutions to these problems include improving the maintenance and operation of
public housing projects, demolishing and rehabilitating inadequate units, and
reducing the scale of housing projects by building lower-density developments
and by developing mixed-income housing projects, where the housing would be
occupied  [*433]  partly by low income households and partly by households with
higher incomes. n163

   In 1986, Congress enacted the Low Income Housing Tax Credit ("LIHTC"), n164
which was intended to stimulate private investment in low income housing by
awarding tax credits that reduce the cost of qualified housing developments.
n165 The LIHTC, a private alternative to publicly owned and operated low income
housing, was one of several solutions offered to address the failures of public
housing. n166

   In addition to efforts to improve the supply and quality of rental housing
available to low income people, there has been an increased reliance on programs
that support homeownership by low income people. n167 Section IV below describes
and assesses the major  [*434]  rental housing programs; n168 Section V
discusses mixed-finance and homeownership programs. n169

   IV. Rental Housing Programs

   A. Can Public Housing Succeed?

 Our affordable housing policy has become a mix of publicly and privately owned
and managed housing. n170 The programs have met with varying degrees of success.
n171 To address the issue of concentration of poverty and to encourage working
people to live in public housing units, the Housing and Community Development
Act of 1974 n172 relaxed the income eligibility requirements for tenants of
public housing. n173 That Act also created the Section 8 voucher program, n174
which is described more fully in the next section. n175

   Public housing is rental housing that is owned and managed by a governmental
subdivision or quasi-public authority. n176 There are approximately 1.3 million
households living in public housing, n177 making public housing one of our most
important affordable housing programs. Yet, as discussed above, our efforts in
this area have met with limited success. n178

   In the 1980s, government turned away from public housing by decreasing
funding for new public housing units and for the Department of Housing and Urban
Development. n179 Traditional public  [*435]  housing is no longer being built.
n180 Our approach to transform and improve public housing is to tear down
projects that are considered obsolete or deteriorated, and in some instances, to
replace them with a smaller number of privately owned, publicly subsidized
units. n181 The policy of not building new public housing units stems from a
decision that traditional public housing leads to dense concentrations of
poverty, high crime rates, and substandard living conditions. n182 Current
approaches to the problem include demolishing housing and relocating people to
privately owned housing, n183 requiring or encouraging the people living in
public housing to go to work (or otherwise become self-sufficient), n184
encouraging more  [*436]  working people to move into public housing, n185 and
blaming public housing residents for their plight. n186

   This approach to public housing policy fails to address the needs of the
poorest people and those most in need of housing assistance. By demolishing
high-rise developments and densely concentrated housing, we may be removing
sources of blight and dilapidated housing; however, this approach overlooks
those who are displaced by the demolition but who do not qualify for housing
vouchers, or who are unable to find suitable alternative housing on the private
market. n187

   A successful public housing program would provide temporary shelter or
transitional housing for people who have recently become homeless. It would
provide permanent shelter for the chronically homeless. n188 It would target
people in the lowest income groups, determine the number of units of housing
that need to be produced, and within a short time identify and produce the
requisite  [*437]  number of units in each market through both public and
private funding sources. A successful program would have in place a system to
monitor and respond to the needs of its low income population. n189 It would
also provide excellent maintenance and property management services supported by
adequate resources to maintain the property in livable condition. n190

   In addition to addressing the housing needs of its people, a successful
public housing program will also provide the social and economic services needed
by its population. n191 The need for affordable housing is greatest among the
lowest income people. That population brings with it a wide range of social
problems. n192 The major issue that our public housing policy has failed to
address is that a successful affordable housing program requires not only
housing, but also a network of support services that confront the  [*438]
underlying issues of poverty. n193 The only way to defeat the social problems
associated with poverty - crime, drug abuse, and family violence - is for people
to have access to quality education, transportation, job opportunities, and
counseling. n194 Not everyone in poverty will need all of these services, but
part of any successful housing program has to be skilled case management service
that can help people access the services they need.

   Do such public housing successes exist? The New York City Housing Authority,
which houses a population nearly as large as the city of Boston, n195 has been a
success in management operations, crime reduction, welfare to work programs, and
innovative design focused on the needs of community residents. n196 The
Cambridge Housing Authority has created job development and youth education
programs which have dramatically increased job placement rates and reduced
drop-out rates. n197 Public housing in these cities remains a viable and even a
desirable choice of housing for low income people.

   The lesson in such stories is not that life in public housing is ideal, or
that publicly owned rental housing is the best or the only way to provide
affordable housing to low income people. The lesson is that if we as a society
are willing to exercise the leadership and commit the necessary resources,
public housing can serve an important need for people with no viable
alternatives. Public housing is a vital part of a comprehensive affordable
housing policy.

[*439]

   B. HOPE VI

 In 1993, Congress enacted the HOPE VI Urban Revitalization Demonstration
Program n198 discussed in the section below on homeownership. n199 A brief
discussion is included here, because it is one response to the problem of
deterioration in rental housing owned by public agencies. n200 The HOPE VI
program provides grants to public housing authorities to demolish severely
distressed public housing units and replace them with more attractive,
economically viable housing, often combined with other needed social services.
n201 The local public housing agency, acting with HOPE VI funding, relocates -
by eviction, if necessary - existing tenants from the decayed units, demolishes
the housing and rebuilds new housing. n202 There is some controversy,
particularly at the local level, over 1) whether the deteriorated housing is
replaced with a sufficient number of new units to house everyone who was
displaced; n203 2) whether the plans to make the new projects "economically
viable" render the new housing not affordable and financially out of the reach
of the people who were displaced; n204 and 3) whether the new developments are
planned with sufficient involvement of the local community and the people who
are most directly affected by it. n205

[*440]

   C. Section 8

 The Section 8 program is a successful example of rental housing owned and
managed by private entities, but closely regulated to target its benefits to low
income people. n206 The Section 8 rental assistance program was enacted in 1974,
to provide rental assistance payments to low income people living in privately
owned housing. n207 By some measures Section 8 has been the most successful of
the rental assistance programs, because it has encouraged the construction and
rehabilitation of housing by private owners, and because it has directly placed
over one million low income families in subsidized housing units. n208

   A report produced by HUD in the year 2000 outlines the history of the Section
8 program from 1974 when Section 8 was added to the Housing Act of 1937. n209
The Section 8 program had two major components: one which provided project-based
assistance to subsidize the construction and substantial rehabilitation of
housing for low income tenants, n210 and another which provided tenant-based
assistance or rent subsidies associated with individual low income tenants. n211
After 1981, no new project-based subsidies were authorized, leaving the
tenant-based program as the most significant rent subsidy program. n212

   The tenant-based subsidies were variously called certificates and vouchers,
and the amounts of the certificate and voucher subsidies were calculated using
different rent formulas. n213 The Section 8 certificate program provided rental
assistance to low income families, allowing them to rent units on the open
market in privately owned dwellings. n214 The program operated on the basis of
fair market  [*441]  rents ("FMRs") established by HUD for the area. n215
Families paid a percentage of their incomes (initially 15%, later raised to 30%)
n216 for rent, and HUD paid the difference between the tenant's payment and the
FMR. n217 Tenants were generally not permitted to rent units at rents higher
than the FMR. n218 The property owner was responsible for tenant selection, and
had to maintain the property under quality standards set by HUD. n219

   In 1987, Congress enacted the Section 8 voucher program on a permanent basis,
allowing families to rent housing that was more expensive than the FMR, if it
chose to pay the additional costs. n220 Vouchers were also portable, meaning
that a family could use a Section 8 voucher to live in any jurisdiction which
had a Section 8 program. n221

   In 1998, the certificate program and the voucher program were consolidated
into a single voucher program with a single set of regulations. n222 Under the
merged program the portability feature was continued, and families were still
permitted to rent units at higher than the FMR, as long as the tenant did not
pay more than 40% of adjusted household income in rent. n223

   The Section 8 program has grown from 30,000 households participating in 1974
to 1.4 million families in 2000. n224 It has become the leading, and some say
the most successful, method of providing housing for low income Americans. n225
Congress has steadily increased the number of Section 8 certificates and
vouchers each year, except during Fiscal Years 1995 through 1998, n226 and local
public housing authorities ("PHAs") have used available Section 8 vouchers to
help them meet the needs to relocate families displaced by urban renewal and for
other purposes. n227

    [*442]  Important features of the Section 8 program include the tenant
selection and occupancy policies n228 whereby PHAs may deny admission or
assistance to individuals with a history of use or abuse of drugs or alcohol, or
of criminal behavior that interferes with the peaceful enjoyment of the premises
by other residents. n229 Section 8 leases must contain a provision authorizing
the terminations of tenancies on these grounds, and owners can be sanctioned for
refusing to terminate a tenant for these reasons, under the so-called "One
Strike Policy." n230

   HUD's analysis shows that the Section 8 program has proven both effective and
cost-efficient, and that it is an indispensable means of addressing the
affordable housing crisis. n231 Referring to HUD's Worst Case Needs analyses of
American Housing Survey data, n232 HUD reports that 5.4 million very-low income
renter households need housing assistance either because of the high proportion
of income paid for rent, overcrowding, or substandard physical conditions. n233
Of that number, 77% have severe rent burdens, but do not suffer from other
housing deficits. n234 HUD sees an extension of Section 8 as a program that
could immediately address the problem of these renters without a need to produce
additional housing. n235 The problem is, thus, one of affordability, and not
availability. n236

   Although the Section 8 program and public housing offer obvious benefits,
many wait a long time to receive those benefits. n237



    There is a national average time on the waiting list of 11 months for public
housing and 28 months for Section 8 vouchers, but in  [*443]  large cities the
wait is much, much longer. In New York City a family must wait 8 years for
public housing, and in Washington, D.C. or Cleveland, 5 years. In New York City
or Washington, the wait for Section 8 is 8 years; in Los Angeles it is 10 years.
n238



    These waiting periods likely understate the problem, since so many people in
need of assistance are discouraged from applying by the length of the waiting
lists. n239

   Comparing the operating costs of public housing and the Section 8 subsidy
programs, HUD reports that "the marginal cost of public housing [is] more
expensive by as much as $ 41 per occupied unit per month." n240 The difference
in operating costs is explained by the fact that PHAs bear the full costs of
management and operation of public housing, whereas those costs are borne by the
private owner of Section 8 units. n241

   A major criticism of the Section 8 program is that it creates concentrations
of poverty, much the same as public housing projects do. n242 HUD argues that
the data do not support that conclusion. n243 HUD's Section 8 report cites a
study which shows that Section 8 assistance programs "appear to reduce the
probability that families will live in the most economically and socially
distressed areas... [and Section 8 units] are rarely found in areas with
extremely low incomes, high unemployment rates, or high concentrations of
minority households." n244

   In their 2000 article on the Section 8 program, Maney and Crowley discuss
various criticisms that have been leveled at the Section 8 program, including
its administrative complexity, the lack of efficiency in administering the
program, the problem of "re-concentration"  [*444]  of poverty, and
discrimination against voucher holders. n245 Maney and Crowley recommend
streamlining the process and doing a better job of collecting data on
utilization of vouchers. n246

   Discrimination against voucher holders involves not only refusals to rent to
tenants in racial minority groups, but also private owners' reluctance to rent
to subsidized tenants because of the maze of government regulations involved.
n247 This latter issue could be addressed by encouraging more nonprofit
developers to participate in the program by reducing the program's
administrative complexity. n248

   The performance of Section 8 programs varies greatly. n249 Some programs have
improved efficiency by simplifying or reducing the number of steps landlords and
tenants must take, including application, income verification, housing search
assistance, and leasing. n250 There are some programs such as the Newark Housing
Authority which have failed to use all the vouchers allocated to them, with the
result that vouchers go unused while eligible tenants languish on a waiting
list. n251 In Virginia, there is the additional  [*445]  problem that the agency
loses available administrative fees by not utilizing all of its vouchers. n252

   Section 8, as well as other housing programs administered by federal, state,
and local government agencies, has been plagued with "pervasive racial
discrimination and segregation." n253 HUD needs to do much more to enforce the
fair housing laws. n254

   Section 8 has the potential to provide great housing mobility for low income
tenants. n255 Since vouchers are portable, tenants theoretically have the option
of moving away from areas where poverty is concentrated. n256 It seems, however,
that housing agencies often do little more toward encouraging low income tenants
to move to more affluent neighborhoods than make the housing voucher available.
n257 Maney and Crowley recommend that housing agencies provide additional
services such as housing search assistance, transportation money to access jobs
as needed, information about low-poverty neighborhoods, and outreach to owners
to involve them in the Section 8 process. n258 Availability of job opportunities
and public transportation, plus staff trained in providing encouragement to move
out of their familiar neighborhoods to low-poverty areas are factors that
encourage mobility of the Section 8 tenant population. n259

   Even for those vouchers that exist, not everyone is able to use them
successfully. n260 Not all landlords will accept Section 8 tenants, n261 and a
number of people with vouchers are unable to locate a residence in which they
can use them. n262 Administrative problems, attitudes of owners and tenants, and
a lack of information are also barriers to successful use of Section 8 vouchers.
n263 HUD needs to provide incentives for local agencies to operate  [*446]  more
efficiently and more equitably. n264 The program is generally successful, and
could be even more so if more money were appropriated for vouchers,
administrative reform and education of the community. n265

   The assessment of the level of success of the Section 8 program depends on
one's perspective. From the perspective of the government regulators, success
can be seen in the national lease-up rates for Section 8 projects and the
program's proven ability to help large numbers of people live in decent housing.
n266 From a different perspective, the picture looks very different. There
remains an enormous amount of unmet need. n267 Frustrated by the system, some
tenants turn back unused vouchers. Many others avoid the system altogether,
discouraged by its complexity and the long wait for vouchers. This is a crisis
begging for a solution. n268

   D. Affordable Housing and Welfare Reform

 There is an interesting relationship between housing affordability and welfare
reform, or self-sufficiency, as it is often referred to in the housing context.
n269 In his 1997 article, Peter Salsich points out the coincidence of President
Clinton signing into law sweeping welfare reform legislation n270 and a housing
appropriations  [*447]  bill cutting the number of new Section 8 certificates
and vouchers to zero, n271 with both events occurring during the 1996
presidential campaign. n272 The stated purposes of welfare reform were to:



    (1) provide assistance to needy families so that children may be cared for
in their own homes or in the homes of relatives; [and] (2) end the dependence of
needy parents on government benefits by promoting job preparation, work, and
marriage ... n273



    The new law continued payment of benefits to parents of dependent children,
but eliminated public assistance as an entitlement and required parents to do
community service work n274 and engage in work within two years of the time they
began receiving assistance. n275 It set a five year limit on the total time a
parent could receive assistance. n276 Moving people off welfare to work was the
goal and the strategy. n277

   The connection between housing and self-sufficiency is suggested by the first
stated purpose that children be cared for "in their own homes or in the homes of
relatives." n278 Welfare reform sets up short time limits for families to
receive financial assistance and then requires that they go to work and become
self-supporting. n279 A parallel argument - that housing assistance should be
temporary - has also been used to support the position that recipients of
housing assistance should be moved from subsidized rental housing to
self-sufficiency in an unsubsidized rental, or even home ownership. n280

    [*448]  If these goals are to be achieved, more attention needs to be paid
to the housing needs of low income families. n281 It is essential that there be
a stable housing situation, or else it is unlikely that former welfare
recipients will succeed in finding and holding jobs. n282 A causal relationship
between poor educational performance and inadequate housing has not been
established, but children without decent housing often experience problems in
school. n283 If there were an adequate supply of decent affordable housing plus
needed social services, then a critical need could be addressed. The major
housing problem for low income people is affordability, meaning that many people
are unable to find adequate housing at a price they can afford. n284 Admittedly,
the existing number of rent vouchers does not reach all the families needing
rental assistance. n285 The  [*449]  elimination of new vouchers would
exacerbate the problem. n286 It is unrealistic to expect that a welfare
recipient will be able to find work and afford market rate housing without
assistance. n287 In the absence of rental assistance, a family earning the
minimum wage cannot afford to pay the rent levels required for basic adequate
housing. n288

   Assuming that it had achieved its self-sufficiency goals, welfare reform
should have decreased the need for housing subsidies. n289 In fact it has
increased that need. n290 People currently on welfare and receiving a housing
subsidy, where they are required to pay 30% of their income for housing, are
likely to have their incomes reduced when they lose their welfare benefits. n291
Public assistance recipients' incomes would be reduced when they are no longer
eligible for public benefits because they have been on public assistance for
longer than the law allows, n292 and if they are unable to obtain employment
which pays them more than they were receiving on public assistance. Thus, 30% of
the lower income would require more of a subsidy to permit the family to remain
in their home. n293 In 1996, HUD estimated a need for $ 2.3 billion in
additional subsidies through 2002 because of lowered welfare benefits. n294

   For people who are on welfare but not receiving housing assistance (estimated
at about 75% of welfare recipients), n295 the loss of welfare benefits and
failure to achieve self-sufficiency may lead to a new wave of homelessness. n296
Without their welfare benefits, this group will be even less likely to be able
to afford housing. n297

    [*450]  Housing needs to be addressed as an aspect of welfare reform in
order for the crisis in affordable housing to be fully addressed. n298 Only by
carefully assessing and addressing the housing and financial assistance needs of
low income people will we arrive at policies that will solve the affordable
housing crisis. n299 Some nonprofit and community based developers and local
governments have implemented programs that show promise in this area, as
discussed below. n300

   E. Low Income Housing Tax Credits ("LIHTC")

 A variety of economic forces during the 1970s and 1980s led the federal
government to adopt several market-oriented measures that became part of
"Reaganomics." n301 In the affordable housing area the Low Income Housing Tax
Credit was one of the most prominent measures. n302 A response to the failures
of public housing and other government efforts to solve the housing crisis, the
LIHTC gave an incentive to private investors to put their resources into low
income rental housing. n303 It marked a major addition to the federal
government's approach to affordable housing by adding direct subsidies to
private developers of housing for low income people. n304 The LIHTC has produced
close to one million units of affordable housing, n305 and has seen the
development of an entire  [*451]  industry which specializes in putting these
deals together. n306 It is doubtful whether the LIHTC has been cost effective,
and how well it has done in alleviating the housing crisis. n307

   High development costs and low rents make unsubsidized construction and
operation of low income housing a marginal investment. n308 Tax credits, which
are much more valuable to investors than are business tax deductions, n309 can
contribute to a higher return on investment. Investors earn tax credits by
investing in low income housing projects through the use of tax syndications.
n310 To afford the investor limited liability, the syndication is set up as a
limited partnership, which may include a nonprofit sponsor as the general
partner, a for-profit or nonprofit developer, a construction contractor, a
property manager, and the investor(s). n311 Vital to the transaction are the
various service providers, such as lawyers, accountants, and lenders who provide
loan funding, negotiate the terms, provide legal opinions, and document the
deal. n312

   The state housing agencies are also critical players in the LIHTC process.
n313 They administer the program under guidelines spelled out in the Internal
Revenue Code, regulations and administrative  [*452]  guidance. n314 Tax credits
are allocated to each state using a formula based on the state's population.
n315 Currently at least $ 1.75 per capita in tax credits are allocated to each
state. n316 The state agency creates a qualified allocation plan for making
awards of LIHTCs. n317 In this plan, the agency sets selection criteria where
various factors, such as the project's location or its ability to meet the
special needs of certain populations of tenants, must be included. n318 The
state agency conducts a highly competitive application process to determine
which projects will be awarded LIHTCs. n319 The application cycle varies from
state to state. n320 Most states' programs are oversubscribed. n321

   In order to qualify for an allocation of tax credits n322 a building must
become a part of a qualified project within the first year of the ten year
credit period, and must remain a qualified project continuously for the credit
period plus five years, n323 must consist of residential rental property and the
owner must set aside a percentage of the units to be occupied by low income
people. n324 The owner of the project is eligible for the tax credit for each of
the ten years beginning the year the project is placed in service or the
following year. n325

   If the building is placed in service within the first year of the ten-year
credit period, and it otherwise meets the requirements as a qualified building,
the amount of the annual credit to which the  [*453]  owner is entitled is
calculated by multiplying the "applicable percentage" by the "qualified basis."
n326 The applicable percentage is published by the IRS every month, and is set
so that the present value of the credits is 70% of the building's qualified
basis for buildings which are newly constructed and not federally subsidized,
n327 and 30% of the qualified basis of existing or federally subsidized
buildings. n328 The qualified basis is the portion of the project cost which is
allocated to the units set aside for low-income tenants. n329 To encourage
development in "qualified census tracts" and "difficult to develop areas," n330
the eligible basis for projects in such areas is increased by 30%.

   The amount actually invested in the project by the investor is negotiated
between the investor and the developer. n331 The credits are typically "sold" to
investors for less than a dollar a credit. n332

   While the investor claims the tax credits over the ten year period beginning
in the year the project is placed in service, n333 the project is required to
remain in compliance, that is, by restricting the rent levels and income levels
of the tenants for the number of low income units committed to at the outset,
for fifteen years. n334 The owner and property manager are thus required to
monitor tenant incomes for this entire period to make sure that the property
remains in compliance. n335 Failure to maintain compliance can result in
recapture of the tax credits taken. n336

   Although LIHTCs are highly regulated, involving oversight by HUD, the IRS,
and the individual state housing agencies, it is not easy to determine how well
the credits have succeeded in producing units of low income housing or what the
costs of that housing  [*454]  have been. n337 Since a major goal is to
stimulate private industry to construct low income housing that would not have
been constructed otherwise, n338 it would be interesting to know how many such
units of housing have been produced. The most recent report prepared for HUD
n339 contains detailed information about LIHTC projects showing patterns by
characteristics and location, n340 but it does not contain cost data or
analysis. The report "contains information on nearly 19,700 projects and more
than 935,000 housing units placed in service between 1987 and 2000 ... . An
average of about 1,300 projects and 88,000 units were placed in service in each
year of the 1995 to 2000 period." n341 The data collected in this report focuses
on locational characteristics, such as the number of urban, suburban, and rural
units produced and comparisons of projects by region and project size. n342

   The LIHTC has been criticized for failing to stimulate sufficient housing
production, lack of cost effectiveness, and failing to meet the housing need of
the poorest families. n343 Clearly there is a need for further study and
analysis of the data that has been produced. Since the tax credits are allocated
by state housing agencies, there is no centralized official repository of
information, and the Abt Associates database has been created in part to provide
a source of information on which further research can be done. n344 It would be
[*455]  useful, as well, to have data on the costs of the housing produced as
compared to the amounts of tax credits awarded and as compared to the costs of
producing housing using other means. Early data showing that the costs of
housing using the LIHTC is much higher than comparable housing whose benefits
are provided using Section 8 vouchers needs to be updated. n345

   V. Mixed-Income Projects and Homeownership Programs

   A. Mixed-Financed Development

 The story of affordable housing development during the 1980s is a story of
disinvestment by the federal government, devolution of the responsibility for
housing upon state and local government, and an increasing sense that the
private enterprise with government subsidies could do a better job of addressing
the continuing crisis than government did at any level. n346 The Community
Development Block Grant ("CDBG") program had been enacted in the 1970s, and
represented early efforts of the federal government to withdraw from direct
involvement in the management and operation of affordable housing development.
n347 Funds were allocated to local governments as block grants with few strings
attached. n348  [*456]  Planning and implementation of housing and other
programs were undertaken consistent with local priorities. n349 It was hoped
that modest levels of government funding could be leveraged with private market
funding to construct affordable housing. n350

   Other major programs, such as the HOME Investment Partnerships, n351 the
LIHTC discussed in the previous section, n352 and the designation of certain
areas as Empowerment Zones or Enterprise Communities, n353 together with CDBG
and Section 8 rent subsidies n354 have become primary development vehicles. All
of them depend on a mixed-finance approach where projects are funded with some
government dollars or guarantees, but generally far more dollars are invested
through conventional loans, private capital investment, and bond financing. n355
The increased involvement of non-profit organizations, which are private
organizations with a public purpose and which enjoy financial support from the
government in the form of a tax exemption, and others in the affected community
has also been a feature of this mixed-finance approach. n356

   This approach certainly allows for more flexibility in the types of projects
that can be developed, with less administrative complexity, and theoretically
could result in developments that respond more closely to local conditions and
needs. n357 The continuing housing  [*457]  crisis, however, reflects that
market forces are insufficient to drive the level of housing development that is
needed, and that the federal government acting through HUD must continue to play
a critical role in the process if the housing crisis is to be alleviated. n358

   In fact, at the same time that the federal government is devolving
responsibilities upon local municipalities, HUD continues to exercise a
complicated role in housing development as an essential party in the financing
and approval of the deal, as a monitor of housing quality standards, an auditor
ensuring compliance with financing regulations, as a policeman monitoring tenant
eligibility, and also as a protector of tenants' rights through the web of
regulations that specify lease terms for subsidized housing tenants and due
process rights prior to eviction. n359 HUD continues to face challenges in the
management of its responsibilities. n360 It is not surprising, then, that HUD
seems to lack the ability to accomplish its lofty goals of providing affordable
housing to every needy family. HUD must continue to improve on its record of
production and oversight of affordable housing development.

   An entire industry of affordable housing experts has grown up during the past
two decades. n361 These include attorneys, bankers, accountants, financial
advisors, lenders, bond underwriters, construction contractors, planners and
architects, and state and local  [*458]  housing development agencies. n362
While they all pursue their interests in their bottom lines and other
institutional concerns, relatively little attention is paid by these players to
the recipients of their activity. It is entirely appropriate that these parties
address their own interests in the housing development process, but the fact
remains that the homeless and other low income people who need affordable
housing have few advocates who are at the table participating in the decision
making. n363 Non-profit housing developers and community organizations are
playing an increasing role, and may be in a position to express the interests of
the people in the community, but they have comparatively little power in this
market-driven process. n364

   There is an urgent need to consider the overall goal and to re-frame the
affordable housing discussion into a discussion about economic security. What
will it take to solve the housing crisis and meet the needs of low income
people? People need to have their housing needs addressed. But they also need to
attain a level of stability in their lives so that they and/or their children
can become productive members of society. The route to economic stability for
most Americans includes homeownership. n365 Many of the mixed-finance,
mixed-income housing projects include housing for people with a range of
incomes, and also include homeownership opportunities, both for low income
people and for persons with somewhat higher incomes. n366 President George W.
Bush and others in his administration have made some recent strong statements
supporting increased levels of homeownership for low income people. n367 It is a
goal and strategy worth serious consideration.

[*459]

   B. HOPE VI

 The housing programs of the 1990s promoted the use of multiple sources of
financing and encouraged projects that would combine rental and ownership uses
within the same development. n368 HOPE VI is an important program whose aim was
to revitalize communities. n369 Responding to the many failures of public
housing, Congress enacted HOPE VI to change the way public housing was
constructed and operated. n370 HOPE VI operated as a demonstration project from
1993 to 1998, and then received permanent funding under the Quality Housing and
Work Responsibility Act of 1998 ("QHWRA"). n371 The new program changed public
housing financing by permitting a more flexible use of housing funds by local
housing agencies. n372 PHAs were allowed to bid for funds to demolish distressed
housing projects, relocate tenants from those projects, and partner with private
investors to develop public housing using a mixed-finance approach. n373
Agencies were not limited to using funds to construct and operate housing for
low income people. n374 A percentage of the residents could be persons with
higher incomes, even people who could afford market rents or who could afford to
buy their own homes. n375 The program's goals were to improve living conditions
for public housing residents by replacing obsolete projects with revitalized
public housing, decrease the concentration of very low income families in public
housing, and  [*460]  build sustainable communities. n376 It has proved a
controversial addition to the federal government's arsenal of housing programs.
n377

   Between fiscal years 1993 and 2000, HOPE VI funded 318 Planning, Demolition,
and Revitalization grants totaling $ 4,288,097,410. n378 Those awards funded
demolition of almost 97,000 severely distressed public housing units, and
produced over 61,000 revitalized dwellings. n379 The fact that the program
produced 36,000 fewer units than the number of units demolished, highlights one
of FitzPatrick's main criticisms of the program. n380 He also argues that HOPE
VI projects continue to be sited in disadvantaged areas isolated from the
surrounding communities, and residents still lack adequate social services. n381
He concludes that "the housing market would be far better off if HUD scrapped
the program." n382

   HOPE VI funds the demolition of deteriorated and obsolete public housing
units, and replaces them, generally with a smaller number of newly constructed
units. n383 The proponents of HOPE VI acknowledge that HOPE VI will shrink the
stock of traditional public housing, and fails to come close to addressing the
dire need for low income housing. n384 However, they see the lowering of housing
density and the fact that some of the units are replaced  [*461]  with housing
for the working poor and market-rate renters as providing better housing
options. n385 The mixed-income model, with its addition of residents who do not
come from traditional public housing, is one of the features most heavily
favored by HOPE VI proponents. n386 Creating developments to house persons from
different income groups is their solution to the problem of concentration of
poverty. n387

   The options for the people who are displaced from public housing by the
demolition are replacement housing in the new construction or housing vouchers
that enable them to seek housing from private landlords. n388 Both options are
seen as better housing solutions for low income people that outweigh the loss of
units. n389

   Other criticisms of the HOPE VI program have been the early failures to
implement self-sufficiency programs. n390 A significant portion of HOPE VI's
grant was intended to fund family support programs, primarily job training and
placement, but also child care and substance abuse treatment. n391 Early efforts
in this area have been disappointing. n392 PHAs have not done well at tracking
families that had to be relocated, so it is difficult to know what happened to
them. n393 Many of the job placement efforts were short term, focusing on
entry-level jobs with little follow-up to determine whether workers were able to
remain in jobs or advance to better positions over time. n394

   The response to this criticism is that housing agencies are not good at
providing these kinds of social services, and there has been a lack of
coordinated services by agencies in the community. n395 This is a new area
relying on action by private agencies and local initiative, and some uneven
results are to be expected. n396 HOPE VI supporters say that the failure is not
one of program structure at  [*462]  the federal level, but needs to be
corrected with better local implementation. n397

   Rather than focusing on the disappointments of the HOPE VI program and its
failure to produce uniformly wonderful results for its low income beneficiaries,
supporters are encouraged by the possibilities for leveraging private funds and
injecting capital into the affordable housing market. n398 They see it as a
flexible tool that is "the single most potent antipoverty program in HUD's
arsenal today... Beyond providing vital financial resources, HOPE VI makes three
critical contributions to community development: it (1) encourages bold of
visions neighborhood revitalization; (2) brings mayors back into public housing
decision-making; and (3) introduces private sector resources into distressed
neighborhoods." n399

   HOPE VI is a great program for affordable housing developers. n400 It infuses
new sources of capital, and allows housing developers to replace uninspiring,
dangerous public housing projects with creatively designed new communities
mixing "public housing capital funds, Low Income Housing Tax Credits, and HOME
or CDBG dollars ... [and providing] housing opportunities for public housing
residents, low income renters, the working poor, and market rate families." n401
Successful communities require "not only housing, but also schools, retail and
commercial amenities, parks and recreation space, transportation access,
physical security, and community building." n402 HOPE VI is a vehicle for
providing these kinds of coordinated services in previously dilapidated
communities, and it is spawning new industries of developers and investors ready
to do the work. n403

   It remains to be seen how well these programs work: are a sufficient number
of former residents able to qualify for housing in the new community, or does
most of the housing go to another group of needy people? n404 Are the needs of
the displaced residents adequately  [*463]  met through the housing voucher
program? Are these projects able to overcome the NIMBY phenomenon? n405 What is
the real cost of the social services needed by the low income residents of the
projects, and how will those costs be met in the future? There is a need for a
study from the perspective of the low income beneficiaries of the program - both
those who found housing within the revitalized development and those who were
displaced by it - as to how significantly their lives have been affected by this
bold vision of neighborhood revitalization.

   HOPE VI supporters have great expectations about the results that can be
achieved by channeling development resources to the local level, creating
exciting partnerships between local PHAs, mayors, city planning and renewal
agencies, n406 and giving a lesser role to the federal government. n407 It is
very interesting, however, to note what role community residents or
organizations play in these partnerships. n408 There is apparently an assumption
that the people's interests will be voiced and protected by the institutional
players. n409Including private investors in the partnership can be expected to
result in higher quality construction and management of the development. n410
Market forces can be expected to produce economies, realistic implementation
plans, and high standards. n411 Private investor participation in partnership
with local government  [*464]  agencies will lead to mixed-income communities
where people with a range of incomes will want to live side by side. n412

   In this area, also, it would be interesting to study how mixed-income
communities actually work in practice. What are the guiding forces behind these
communities? How are they structured to maintain their mixed-income character?
Since pure, or at least purer, market forces result in neighborhoods that are
highly segregated by race, income and class, how must market forces be
manipulated to result in a successful mixed income community? If the goal of
moving low income people from dependence to self-sufficiency involves having
some portion of the low income population achieve homeownership, how can the
HOPE VI program be used to accomplish that goal?

   Clancy and Quigley briefly describe their success in developing a
mixed-income HOPE VI project in Louisville, Kentucky. n413 They stress the
importance of early and effective planning and involving all the key
stakeholders, including community groups. n414 Reading their account as well as
a news article by Neal Peirce creates a great deal of excitement about the
possibilities for HOPE VI as a tool for low income housing development. n415
Hopefully, the promise of this and other projects will be realized and fully
documented in research studies. n416

[*465]

   C. Nonprofit and Community-Based Development

 During the 1980s and 1990s, there was a confluence of factors that led to
dramatic shifts in the strategies that were adopted to address the affordable
housing crisis, n417 including drastic cuts in federal funding for housing,
economic recessions, an increased reliance on private industry to provide
affordable housing, together with the continuing increase in a low income
population with serious housing needs.

   One result of these changes has been an enormously increased role for
nonprofit organizations and community groups in the development of affordable
housing. n418 Many housing programs provide for significant amounts of federal
funds to be directed to nonprofit organizations. n419 There are special
challenges faced by nonprofit organizations when they act as real estate
developers, due to the fact that they generally do not have experience in
assembling  [*466]  the financing for these projects, or in construction,
management, or operation of real estate projects. n420 The major challenge for
these groups, as it is for the for-profit developer, is to put together
sufficiently inexpensive sources of funds and keep the costs down so that its
housing units remain affordable to the population it serves. n421 By eliminating
the element of profit in the transaction, and by generating significant amounts
of donated funds as a part of the financing of their projects, nonprofit
developers control costs and make an important contribution to the transaction.
n422 A number of organizations provide nonprofit groups with the technical
assistance needed to work in this area. n423

   The self-sufficiency movement, which is one of the hallmarks of welfare
reform relies heavily on the work of nonprofit organizations. n424 These
organizations provide the job training and welfare-to-work programs to assist
people who are required to leave the  [*467]  welfare rolls. n425 There is a
clear connection between having adequate housing and being able to get and keep
a job. n426

   Nonprofit organizations that manage affordable housing developments must make
a decision about the services to be provided to their residents. n427 Successful
management of an affordable housing project involves far more than collection of
rent and maintaining the premises in good repair. n428 A set of comprehensive
services could include child and/or elderly day care services, budget and
financial counseling, job training, and job search assistance. n429 The funding
for such services is generally not built into the project finances and has to be
raised separately. n430 A non-profit organization must decide not only the level
of services it will provide, but also whether it will contract out the provision
of some or all of the services, and how any such services will be paid for. n431

   The agencies that provide a broad range of services to their clients have
been more successful than those that provide affordable housing alone. n432
These additional services add costs, n433 but contribute to the success of the
project with lower vacancy rates and increased family stability. n434

    [*468]  Despite the valiant efforts of the nonprofit organizations and the
public-private partnerships, the crisis continues. n435 One reason may be that
self-sufficiency will not work for everyone. Most policy makers acknowledge that
most of the elderly and disabled who are on assistance will not be able to join
the work force and become truly self-sufficient. n436 Others who receive
assistance are unemployable because they are single parents of small children,
lacking in job skills, or have no access to public transportation. n437

   D. Low Income Homeownership

   1. An Idea Whose Time Has Come?

 Homeownership is a big part of the American Dream; owning a home is a sign that
one has entered the economic mainstream. n438 The benefits of homeownership
include the increase in real wealth that occurs when property values and equity
increase, the sense that families and neighborhoods are more stable with
homeowners rather than renters, and the ability to take advantage of tax
incentives available to homeowners. n439 With generally steady increases in real
estate values since 1926, n440 and by starting with a lower-priced home and
"trading up" for increasingly expensive homes, families have used homeownership
as an effective method to build assets. n441

    [*469]  Unfortunately, for a variety of reasons homeownership has been
largely unavailable to low income families. n442 The barriers to homeownership
include unattainable down payment requirements, as families living paycheck to
paycheck are often unable meet all their monthly obligations, much less save
anything toward a down payment on a house, n443 a history of "redlining" by
commercial lending institutions, n444 white flight n445 and long-standing
patterns of racial segregation which have resulted in decreased property values
in areas occupied by minorities, n446 government policies that support the
suburbanization of America and the resulting lack of access  [*470]  to jobs and
public transportation for poor people, n447 and the widening wealth gap. n448

   Increasingly it is recognized that the solution to the problem of poverty in
the United States lies in creating opportunities to build wealth, and not just
opportunities to earn higher incomes. n449 Homeownership provides people with a
chance to build equity, live in more stable neighborhoods, and provide a better
foundation for their children. n450 For most Americans, their primary residence
represents the largest asset that they will ever own. n451 The home can be a
basis for economic security and a path than can lead out of poverty. n452

   The promise of low income homeownership is the possibility of an escape from
poverty. n453 Changes in housing policy are needed to open up those
possibilities. What is needed is a massive institutional commitment to the
reality of low income homeownership, not the largely ineffective programs that
are now in place. Evidence  [*471]  of such a commitment would be programs that
provide down payment assistance, that work with people over the long term to
improve their credit status and money management skills, and that measure their
success by numbers of people who actually become homeowners.

   Despite its promise, homeownership is a solution that does not work for
everyone. A successful affordable housing program must also include a massive
re-commitment to provide decent adequate rental housing for those who cannot
make it as homeowners.

   2. Programs that Support Homeownership

 Despite the fact that some CDBG funds have been available to support
homeownership for low income people since the 1970s, n454 homeownership has been
largely unavailable to low income people. n455 Affordable housing for low income
people has generally meant rental housing. n456

   The federal programs that provide grants to promote homeownership include
HOPE VI, n457 Youthbuild, n458 Homeownership Zones Initiative ("HZI") Funds,
n459 and the Habitat for Humanity Initiative ("HHI"). n460

   In addition to the discussion above, n461 a concise summary of the HOPE
homeownership programs is contained in a footnote in an article by Peter
Salsich. n462 A wealth of information on the HOPE  [*472]  VI programs is
available from the HUD website n463 and from the website of the Housing Research
Foundation, where it is possible to find information on all of the HOPE VI
grants that have been made to local housing agencies since 1993. n464 What is
difficult to determine is what have been the results of the homeownership grants
from the perspective of low income home buyers. How many low income families
have been able to purchase homes through HOPE VI? What services were needed to
help those families qualify for homeownership? Has homeownership for those
families led to increased economic security? What has been the rate of
foreclosure for those families? How does homeownership through HOPE VI compare
with homeownership for low income families accomplished through other programs
such as Habitat for Humanity or non-profit development programs? These and many
such questions need to be addressed in research studies.

   Habitat for Humanity International is a private nonprofit organization which
builds homes for low income families using sweat equity and volunteer help. n465
Since 1976, it has built over 50,000 homes in the United States, and over
150,000 homes worldwide. n466  [*473]  Habitat makes its homes affordable to low
income home buyers by using volunteer labor (provided by the home buyers and
others) to build the houses, by selling the homes at no profit, and by offering
0% mortgages. n467 Small amounts of government funding (less than 15% of
Habitat's revenues in 2002) are available from HUD's Habitat for Humanity
Initiative. n468 Those grants are used to pay for land and infrastructure, such
as utility hookups, roads, and sidewalks. n469

   Habitat and the other nonprofit organizations which build housing for low
income people recognize that in addition to building and selling houses, they
are also in the business of building communities. n470 Home buyers receive
training in construction, budgeting, home maintenance, and working within a
homeowner's association. n471 The organization creates an ongoing relationship
with the home buyers, which is different from the usual relationship between a
buyer and seller or the mortgagor and mortgagee. The nonprofit developer
maintains an interest in the success of the venture that outlasts the closing of
the sale. n472

   While there are many success stories about the volunteers who spend their
Saturdays building homes for Habitat, and home buyers who stand with pride to
have their pictures taken in front of their new homes, n473 questions remain.
How is it working? What is happening to the families who buy those homes? Is
this a firm step on the road out of poverty? How does the rate of foreclosure on
Habitat Homes compare to the foreclosure rate for other properties in the area?
How does homeownership for this population relate to the broader issue of
economic security?

    [*474]  What seems clear is that homeownership for low income people holds
enormous promise, and while there are great challenges, the goal of
homeownership leading to increased economic security is worth pursuing. n474

   3. Proposals to Support Low Income Homeownership

 Low Income and Minority Homeownership is definitely the watchword of the day.
In 2002, President Bush announced a goal to create 5.5 million new homeowners by
2010. n475 June was National Homeownership Month 2003, and it was broadly
celebrated at the HUD website and in public appearances by HUD Secretary Mel
Martinez. n476 HUD has identified four target areas which are expected to
achieve this goal: 1) educating more people in the home buying process; 2)
addressing the affordability issue; 3) providing more down-payment and closing
cost assistance; and 4) offering more home financing options for low to
moderate-income Americans. n477

   Under existing government programs, homeownership options are frequently part
of new projects. n478 These developments target complex markets and involve very
complicated financing structures. n479 Projects can include a mix of rental and
ownership properties, with some low income residents and some moderate-income
residents and with some rental subsidies and some market-rate rentals or sales.
n480 They often are financed with a mix of conventional  [*475]  financing,
including Low Income Housing Tax Credits, HOME Partnership funds, and Section 8
rent subsidies.

   One program that provides down payment assistance is the Individual
Development Account, which permits people to save for a down payment on a house,
sometimes with matching funds provided by the state or federal government. n481
In Fiscal Year 2003, $ 74.5 million in HOME funds was appropriated for down
payment assistance. n482

   The Administration has proposed a Single Family Low Income Housing Tax Credit
Program as part of its budget for 2004. n483 This proposed legislation would
operate in a very similar manner to the LIHTC but would be available for
development of homes for qualified home buyers, and not just renters. n484

   VI. Recommendation and Conclusion

 There is no single solution to the housing problems that we face. Rental
housing programs have fallen far short of our goals, and homeownership will not
work for everyone. The answer, in my view, is to take a comprehensive approach
that both recognizes the interests of all the participants in the process and
focuses on improving the situation of low income residents over the long term.

   Here, I return to the story of my father with which I introduced this
article. The power of his story is that he has achieved a level of economic
security that ought to be attainable for every American. Not everyone will be
able to retire at the age of fifty-five as he did,  [*476]  but a lot more of us
could be homeowners and could turn that asset into a basis of social and
financial security. My father's values include providing a stable home for his
family, regular saving, eliminating credit card debt, and maintaining a good
credit rating. To the extent that values like these can become the values of our
low income citizens, it may be possible to increase their families' level of
financial security. Policies that promote and support increased levels of
homeownership could also help to accomplish that goal.

   Because not all of us have the financial skills to live on a budget or save
money or plan for the future, many low income families may not succeed as
homeowners. Therefore, decent, affordable rental housing must be made available
for those low income families who are not at the stage where homeownership will
work for them. n485 The goal for those families should also be increased levels
of economic security, combined with financial planning and training for the next
generation.

   The search for an affordable housing policy continues. We have a national
commitment to provide decent homes for all; n486 we have some rental programs
that work reasonably well; n487 and we have promises and strong efforts by the
Administration to create more homeownership. n488 However, the wide array of
programs and policies that are parts of our housing policy in no way resemble a
coordinated, single-minded effort. For example, HUD's role is unclear, as it has
suffered from scandals in the past and it continues to suffer from serious
management challenges. n489

   It is very interesting that the affordable housing industry has become a
group of professional people who are putting together deals worth millions of
dollars, while the communities they serve continue to suffer. Many of the people
they are building the housing for are out of work or are single mothers with
small children  [*477]  who are being required to take minimum-wage jobs. n490
Their children are in schools that are not training them to be productive
citizens. n491 Their communities receive inadequate public services like garbage
collection, street maintenance, and fire and police protection. In the
mainstream world it appears that crime rates are down, and the war on drugs is
being won. Low income communities are experiencing something quite different.

   Despite recent expressed interest in the Bush administration in increasing
low income homeownership, n492 movement toward homeownership for low income
people has been slow, because it is so difficult to build housing for low income
people at costs that make it affordable to these persons. n493 However, there
have been some government subsidized efforts n494 and some efforts by non-profit
housing developers n495 which are very interesting. Further study is needed to
explore the economic impact and changes in world view that homeownership creates
for poor people.

   There are some successes to point to, particularly among nonprofit housing
developers, and community organizations. n496 If we are to address the crisis in
affordable housing we will need to make a far greater commitment to providing a
full range of social and supportive services than we have been willing to so
far. It is clear that in a world where low income families are being required to
become self-sufficient, we must provide far more than housing to deal with the
affordable housing problem. n497

   Economic security, and not only decent housing, should be our goal.
Homeownership is available in this country to a far greater percentage of our
population than anywhere else in the world. We need to reach a point where more
people have access to homeownership.  [*478]  We need to develop ways to use
homeownership and our housing policy in general to promote economic security.

   VII. Appendix of Affordable Housing Statutes



 Year Enacted    Popular Name
 Statutory Citation    Brief Description

1937    Wagner-Steagall Housing Act
 United States Housing Act of 1937, Ch. 896, 50 Stat. 888 (1937) (codified as
amended at 42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq. (2000)).    This basic public housing program
was enacted to permit local public housing agencies to construct and manage
rental housing for low-income people.

1949    Housing Act of 1949
 United States Housing Act of 1949, Ch. 338, 63 Stat. 413 (1949) (codified as
amended in various sections of 42 U.S.C. 1441 et seq. (2000)).    This Act
provided for urban redevelopment through slum clearance and new public housing
construction. It is frequently cited for stating the "goal of a decent home and
a suitable living environment for every American family."

1961    Section 221(d)(3) & Section 221(d)(5) Programs
 United States Housing Act of 1961, Pub. L. No. 87-70, 101, 75 Stat. 149 (1961)
(codified as amended at 12 U.S.C. 1715l, 1715n, 1720 (2000)).    This was a
mortgage insurance program analogous to the FHA, which provided below market
interest rates and created a secondary mortgage market for owners of moderate
income properties (d)(3) and low income rental properties (d)(5).

1965    Department of Housing and Urban Development Act
 Department of Housing and Urban Development Act of 1965, Pub. L. No. 89-174, 3,
79 Stat. 667 (1965) (codified at 42 U.S.C. 3531 (2000)).    This Act created HUD
as a cabinet level department.

1968    The 235 Program
 Department of Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968, Pub. L. No. 90-448,
101(a), 82 Stat. 477 (1968) (codified at 12 U.S.C. 1715z (2000)).    This
program established a low down-payment, below market interest rate homeownership
program for moderate income families.

1968    The 236 Program
 Department of Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968, Pub. L. No. 90-448,
201, 82 Stat. 476, 498 (1968) (codified at 12 U.S.C. 1715z-1 (2000)).    This
was a mortgage insurance program designed to promote the construction of low
income rental housing by reducing mortgage interest payments for the owners of
projects.

1968    Fair Housing Act of 1968
 Fair Housing Act of 1968, Pub. L. No. 90-284, tit. VIII, 82 Stat. 81 (1968)
(codified at 42 U.S.C. 3601-19 (2000)).    This act prohibits discrimination in
the housing market based on race, color, religion or national origin. It was
enacted to bar all racial discrimination, private as well as public, in the sale
and rental of real property.
  [*479]
1974    Community Development Block Grant ("CDBG") Program
 Department of Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Pub. L. 93-383,
101, 88 Stat. 633 (1974) (codified as 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq. (2000)).    This
program passed funding through HUD to local municipalities, enabling them to
develop revitalization plans which were aligned with local initiatives.

1974    Section 8 Project Based Assistance
 Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Pub. L. No. 93-383, tit. II,
201-13, 88 Stat. 633 (1974) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 1437f (2000)). The
Section 8 voucher program is codified at 42 U.S.C. 1437f(o).    This program
provides rental assistance to families in newly constructed or existing housing
where at least 30% of the units are rented to very low income families. Families
pay 30% of their incomes as rent, and the owner receives the difference between
that amount and the fair market rent as a rent subsidy.

1986    The Low Income Housing Tax Credit ("LIHTC")
 Tax Reform Act of 1986, Pub. L. No. 99-514, 100 Stat. 2085 (1986) (codified as
amended at 26 U.S.C. 42 (2000)).
 Permanently funded in the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993, Pub. L.
No. 103-66, 107 Stat. 312 (1993) (codified at 26 U.S.C. 1391-97D (2000))
(amended by the Taxpayer Relief Act of 1997, Pub. L. No. 105-34, 951-952, 111
Stat. 788, 885 (1997)).    This program intended to stimulate investment in low
income housing development by providing a tax credit for eligible housing
developments to the developers.

1987    Section 8 Voucher Program
 Department of Housing and Community Development Act of 1987, Pub. L. 96-399,
101 Stat. 1815 (1988) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 1437f(o) (2000)).
This program provides "tenant-based assistance," which means portable rental
assistance where the eligible family can select suitable housing and move to
other suitable housing using the same voucher.

1990    Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, or Home Investment
Partnerships Act ("HOME")
 Pub. L. No. 101-625, 104 Stat. 4079 (1990) (codified as amended in various
sections of the U.S.C.). The HOME Program is codified as amended at tit. II, 42
U.S.C. 3535(d), 12701, 12721 et seq. (2000).
   Under the HOME Program, funds for affordable rental and homeownership housing
development are distributed to local governments as CDBG funds. A hallmark of
the program was the creation of public/private partnerships between local
governments and for-profit and non-profit agencies.
  [*480]
1993    HOPE VI
 Department of Veterans Affairs and Hous. & Urb. Dev., and Independent Agencies
Appropriations Act of 1993, Pub. L. 102-389, tit. II, 106 Stat. 1571, 1579-81
(1992) (codified as amended in 42 U.S.C. 1437l (1996) (repealed 1998)). HOPE VI
was funded in 1999 via the Quality Housing and Work Responsibility Act of 1998
("QHWRA") (described below).    HOPE VI was created by the Department of
Veterans Affairs and the Department of Housing and Urban Development. It was
originally known as the Urban Revitalization Demonstration Project, and the
program was intended to enable local public housing agencies to demolish its
deteriorated and expensive-to-maintain housing and to promote homeownership and
a move toward self-sufficiency for low income people.

1996    Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996
("PRWORA")
 Pub. L. No. 104-93, 110 Stat. 2105 (1996) (codified at 42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.
(2000)).    This was a major welfare reform law which eliminated an entitlement
to public assistance benefits and aimed to move people from welfare to
self-sufficiency.

1998    Quality Housing and Work Responsibility Act of 1998
 Pub. L. No. 105-276, tit. V, 112 Stat. 2518 (1998) (codified at 42 U.S.C. 1437f
(2000)).    This act consolidated the Section 8 certificate and voucher
programs.

1999    HOPE VI Appropriation
 Quality Housing and Work Responsibility Act of 1998, Pub. L. No. 105-276, tit.
V, 535, 112 Stat. 2461, 2518 (2000) (codified at 42 U.S.C. ' 1437v (2000)).
This appropriation provided permanent funding for the HOPE VI program, which
began in 1993 as the Urban Revitalization Demonstration Project.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Public Health & Welfare LawHousing & Public BuildingsAccessibility, Construction
& DesignPublic Health & Welfare LawHousing & Public BuildingsLow Income
HousingReal Property LawZoning & Land UseBuilding & Housing Codes

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Until I "interviewed" him for this article, I knew the basic outlines of
this story, but there were some very important details that I did not know, and
I now realize that I had made a lot of false assumptions about my father and his
homeownership story. My father retired from the military at the age of
fifty-five and has been able to live comfortably without taking on another job,
and I assumed that he had been able to accomplish this because he understood
some fundamental principles about money and had a solid plan for his economic
security. I assumed that from 1960, when he bought the first house, that he
appreciated the value of homeownership, and had made a conscious decision
favoring homeownership over rental. I thought of my father as someone for whom
homeownership was the core of his economic security. As this narrative shows,
however, my father's homeownership and his financial security may have resulted
more from happenstance than from conscious planning. Nonetheless, my father has
some basic understandings about money and housing that provide important lessons
in economic security. Interview with CMSgt. Grant S. Williams, Sr., USAF, Ret.,
in Hampton, Va. (Dec. 27, 2002) (on file with the author).





n2.  Between 1962 and 1972 my parents (and my younger sister, until she went
away to college) lived in rented military housing at four different duty
stations. In addition, my father spent two years in Vietnam during this period.
Id.





n3.  See infra note 16.





n4.  Interview with CMSgt. Grant S. Williams, Sr., supra note 1. In the year
2000, when he paid off the mortgage, my father talked about holding a ceremonial
mortgage burning. The ceremony never happened. I suspect that would have been a
little too showy for him.





n5.  See Jack C. Harris, Your Home as an Investment, Tierra Grande, No. 1613,
Apr. 2003, at 2 (discussing homeownership as "a great core investment"),
available at http://recenter.tamu.edu/pdf/1613.pdf.





n6.  Americans Build Mountain of Debt, Savings Rate Slides, Beacon News Online
(Jan. 11, 2004), at
http://www.suburbanchicagonews.com/beaconnews/archives/a11debtors.htm
(explaining that many Americans are suffering under a mountain of debt and that
the problem is escalating).





n7.  Thomas J. Stanley & William D. Danko, The Millionaire Next Door: The
Surprising Secrets of America's Wealthy 2 (1996) (asserting that wealth is
generally "the result of a lifestyle of hard work, perseverance, planning, and
most of all, self-discipline").





n8.  See David Rusk, Brookings Inst., Ctr. on Urb. & Metro. Pol'y, The
"Segregation Tax": The Cost of Racial Segregation to Black Homeowners 2 (2001)
(stating that "home equity is the typical American family's most important
financial asset, and an important vehicle for transmitting wealth from
generation to generation"), available at
http://www.brookings.edu/dybdocroot/es/urban/publications/rusk.pdf.





n9.  United States Housing Act of 1937 (Wagner-Steagall Housing Act), Ch. 896,
50 Stat. 888 (1937) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq. (2000)).





n10.  See infra notes 39-93 and accompanying text (providing an overview of the
housing crisis).





n11.  See, e.g., Jennifer Daskal, Ctr. on Budget & Pol'y Priorities, In Search
of Shelter: The Growing Shortage of Affordable Rental Housing 9 (1998) ("[In
1995,] the gap between the number of low-income renters and the number of rental
units affordable to them was wider than at any point since comparable data first
began being collected."), available at http://www.cbpp.org/615hous.pdf.





n12.  See infra App. of Affordable Housing Statutes, pages 478-80 (listing the
federal programs enacted to address the housing crisis).





n13.  Infra notes 170-484 and accompanying text.





n14.  See 42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)(2) (2002). For many housing programs, "'low income
families' means those families whose incomes do not exceed 80 per centum of the
median income for the area, ... [and] 'very low income families' means low
income families whose incomes do not exceed 50 per centum of the median family
income for the area." Id.





n15.  See Florence Wagman Roisman, Shaping American Communities: Segregation,
Housing and the Urban Poor: Intentional Racial Discrimination and Segregation by
the Federal Government as a Principal Cause of Concentrated Poverty: A Response
to Schill and Wachter, 143 U. Pa. L. Rev. 1351, 1352 (1995) (describing the
importance of distinguishing among the terms "low income," "poor," and
"welfare").





n16.  As a veteran, my father received the benefit of the Veteran's
Administration ("VA") and Federal Housing Administration ("FHA") mortgage
insurance programs. These programs are not specifically targeted at low income
people and have, in fact, been major factors in the growth of middle class
homeownership in the United States. See Shelby D. Green, The Search for a
National Land Use Policy: For the Cities' Sake, 26 Fordham Urb. L.J. 69, 86-88
(1998) (describing how the VA and FHA guidelines contained eligibility
requirements such as lot size, which had the effect of encouraging suburban
growth at the expense of the urban residential tax base).





n17.  Infra Part VI.





n18.  For an example of such an initiative, see U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urb. Dev.,
Blueprint for the American Dream 2-3 (2002) [hereinafter HUD, Blueprint for the
American Dream], available at http://www.hud.gov/news/releasedocs/blueprint.pdf;
see also U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urb. Dev., Economic Benefits of Increasing
Minority Homeownership 3-9 (2002), available at http://www.hud.gov/initi
atives/blueprint/econreport-101502.pdf.





n19.  William H. Simon, The Invention and Reinvention of Welfare Rights, 44 Md.
L. Rev. 1, 7 (1985) (claiming that poverty is psychologically debilitating
because psychological strength is dependent upon satisfaction of basic material
needs and because psychological strength can be eroded by the humiliation
resulting from popular attitudes toward poverty).





n20.  For one explanation of what leads low-income people to despair, see
Deborah Kenn, Paradise Unfound: The American Dream of Housing Justice for All, 5
B.U. Pub. Int. L.J. 69, 89 (1995) ("The cycle of poverty created by the lack of
opportunity in central cities is inescapable. Concentration of poverty, and the
ensuing lack of jobs, adequate health care, decent housing and quality education
that go with it, is a self-perpetuating cycle leading to powerlessness and
despair.").





n21.  The Appendix to this article lists the major affordable housing programs
that have been enacted by Congress since 1937. Infra App. of Affordable Housing
Statutes, pages 478-80. The term "government programs" includes rent subsidies,
home mortgage subsidies, tax credits, and other incentives to build,
rehabilitate, manage, or invest in housing. It could include programs such as
the home mortgage interest tax deduction and other incentives to produce market
rate housing; however, this discussion will be limited to programs Congress
specifically intended to increase housing for low income people and which limit
eligibility for participation to low income persons. Certain of the programs
have been selected for a more in-depth discussion in this article.





n22.  See infra notes 39-101 and accompanying text (providing a history and
overview of affordable housing programs).





n23.  Infra notes 102-158 and accompanying text (presenting a history of U.S.
housing policies from 1937 to present).





n24.  Infra notes 170-345 and accompanying text.





n25.  Infra notes 170-197 and accompanying text.





n26.  Infra notes 198-205 and accompanying text.





n27.  Infra notes 206-268 and accompanying text.





n28.  Infra notes 269-300 and accompanying text.





n29.  Infra notes 301-345 and accompanying text.





n30.  See infra notes 269-300 and accompanying text.





n31.  Infra notes 346-484 and accompanying text.





n32.  Infra notes 346-367 and accompanying text.





n33.  Infra notes 368-416 and accompanying text.





n34.  Infra notes 417-437 and accompanying text.





n35.  Infra notes 438-484 and accompanying text.





n36.  Infra notes 485-497 and accompanying text.





n37.  See infra notes 486-497 and accompanying text.





n38.  Infra App. of Affordable Housing Statutes, pages 478-80.





n39.  See Harv. Joint Ctr. for Hous. Studies, The State of the Nation's Housing:
2002, at 3 [hereinafter JCHS] (stating that the rise in home prices represents a
serious challenge for the nation's lowest income households), available at
http://www.jchs.harvard.edu/publications/markets/Son2002.pdf; Kenneth Forton,
Note, Expanding the Effectiveness of the Massachusetts Comprehensive Permit Law
by Eliminating its Subsidy Requirement, 28 B.C. Envtl. Aff. L. Rev. 651, 651-52
(2001).





n40.  See infra notes 41-93 and accompanying text (providing numerous social and
economic lenses through which the housing crisis can be approached).





n41.  Families with incomes less than 80% of the area median income are
considered "low income." 42 U.S.C. 1437(a)(b)(2) (2002). Families whose incomes
are less than 50% of the area median income are considered "very low income."
Id. There are housing programs which are aimed at "moderate income" people;
however, the discussion in this Article will be limited to housing for low
income or very low income people.





n42.  JCHS, supra note 39, at 3.





n43.  Id.





n44.  Id.





n45.  Id. at 25.





n46.  Id.





n47.  Id. at 24.





n48.  Id. at 3.





n49.  E.g., Jacob Riis, How the Other Half Lives 1-52 (Hill & Wang 1957) (1890)
(providing descriptions of lower Manhattan neighborhoods and their conditions in
the nineteenth century).





n50.  Nat'l Comm'n on Severely Distressed Pub. Hous., Final Report 15 (1992)
[hereinafter Nat'l Comm'n].





n51.  Id. at B-2. The Commission defines "severely distressed public housing" in
Appendix B to its Report. The term refers not merely to housing that fails to
meet building code standards, but "housing exhibiting the presence of one or
more of the following conditions: families living in distress, rates of serious
crimes in the development or the surrounding neighborhood, barriers to managing
the environment, and physical deterioration of buildings." Id.





n52.  Id. at B-7, B-8. The Commission used high numbers of vacant units or units
that had been frequently rejected by applicants as an additional measure of
distress. Id. One of the more notorious failures in public housing was the
Pruitt-Igoe project in St. Louis, Missouri, where HUD decided to demolish
thirty-three buildings in 1972. See Alexander von Hoffman, Why They Built the
Pruitt-Igoe Project, available at
http://www.soc.iastate.edu/sapp/PruittIgoe.html (last visited Mar. 17, 2004).
Alexander von Hoffman notes that:



    In 1972, after spending more than $ 5 million in vain to cure the problems
at Pruitt-Igoe, the St. Louis Housing Authority, in a highly publicized event,
demolished three of the high-rise buildings. A year later, in concert with the
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, it declared Pruitt-Igoe
unsalvageable and razed the remaining buildings.



    Id.





n53.  JCHS, supra note 39, at 25.





n54.  Id. at 26.





n55.  Id.





n56.  Id.





n57.  Id.





n58.  John J. Ammann, Housing Out the Poor, 19 St. Louis U. Pub. L. Rev. 309,
312 (2000).





n59.  Id. at 311; see also Xenia Pamulaklakin, Long Wait for Section 8, Bronx
Beat, Feb. 27, 1995 (discussing the five to six year wait for Section 8
applications to be processed by HUD), available at
http://www.columbia.edu/cu/bb/oldstuff/bb0227.15.html. In New York City, there
were 300,000 applicants on a waiting list for 61,000 Section 8 apartments, and
186,000 people on the public housing waiting list, while only 8,000 public
housing units were vacated in a year. Id.





n60.  Ammann, supra note 58, at 313-16. While it is true that tough admissions
and eviction policies have been put in place to address some of the social ills
of low income housing, those policies play a large role in the disparity between
the need for and the availability of low income housing.





n61.  See Nat'l Comm'n, supra note 50, at 48 (explaining that the worst of the
low income housing serves the poorest people, and that those communities have
seen "institutional abandonment in the areas of police protection, health care,
employment and training, education, counseling, and youth programs"); Michael H.
Schill & Susan M. Wachter, The Spatial Bias of Federal Housing Law and Policy:
Concentrated Poverty in Urban America, 143 U. Pa. L. Rev. 1285, 1285 (1995)
(arguing that American housing law policy has promoted large concentrations of
poor people in the inner cities). All of these social ills are problems that
merit attention, and it is difficult to determine which of them should be
tackled first. It is virtually impossible to separate them from "housing
problems." Effective solutions demand comprehensive approaches. The choice to
focus on the housing programs in this article is not meant to suggest otherwise.





n62.  See Schill & Wachter, supra note 61, at 1339 ("Overwhelming concentrations
of poor households and half-abandoned buildings provide a hellish environment
for residents.").





n63.  JCHS, supra note 39, at 3.





n64.  In New York City, the homeless shelter population recently reached a
record high of over 38,000 individuals, including over 9,200 families. New York
City Dep't of Homeless Svcs., Historic Data, at 2, 4, available at
http://www.nyc.gov/html/dhs/pdf/histdata.pdf (last visited Mar. 10, 2004); see
New York City Dep't of Homeless Servs., The Second Decade of Reform: A Strategic
Plan for New York City's Homeless Services 1 (2002) [hereinafter DHS, A
Strategic Plan] (noting that as of 2002, the homeless population in New York
City reached above 35,000, including approximately 7,000 families in shelters),
available at http://www.nyc.gov/html/dhs/pdf/stratplan.pdf; see also Leslie
Kaufman, New York Reaches Deal to End 20-Year Legal Fight on Homeless, N.Y.
Times, Jan. 18, 2003, at A1 (describing the city's inability to deal with the
homeless family crisis and the ensuing litigation).





n65.  Other special needs groups include the elderly, the mentally ill, children
in the foster care system, children emerging from the foster care system, and
persons with HIV/AIDS. See, e.g., DHS, A Strategic Plan, supra note 64, at 12
(noting a need for "the Division of Policy and Planning [to] work with the New
York State Office of Mental Health (OMH), New York City Department of Public
Health (DPH), New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation and local
hospitals, and New York State Office of Alcohol and Substance Abuse Services to
develop adequate discharge and reentry plans and access to program shelters" to
better serve the needs of the mentally-ill community); Dorothy E. Roberts,
Poverty, Race and New Direction in Child Welfare Policy, 1 Wash. U. J.L. & Pol'y
63, 63 (1999) ("Social workers, sociologists, politicians, promoters of
adoption, and promoters of family preservation all agree that something is
terribly wrong with our child welfare system."); Robert C. McConkey III,
Comment, "Camping Ordinances" and the Homeless: Constitutional and Moral Issues
Raised by Ordinances Prohibiting Sleeping in Public Areas, 26 Cumb. L. Rev. 633,
663 (1996) (observing that significant subpopulations among homeless persons
include children, the elderly and the mentally ill); New Jersey Hous. & Mortgage
Fin. Agency, Special Needs Housing Programs, at
http://www.state.nj.us/dca/hmfa/specneed/#senior (last visited Mar. 10, 2004)
(describing special services available to assist with the housing needs of the
elderly, the physically and mentally disabled, and persons suffering from AIDS).





n66.  See Cara Hendrickson, Racial Desegregation and Income Deconcentration in
Public Housing, 9 Geo. J. Poverty L. & Pol'y 35, 43-47 (2002) (detailing the
history of racially segregated public housing).





n67.  Fair Housing Act of 1968, Pub. L. No. 90-284, tit. VIII, 82 Stat. 81
(1968) (codified at 42 U.S.C. 3601-19 (2000)) (prohibiting discrimination in the
housing market based on race, color, religion, or national origin). The law "was
enacted so as to bar all racial discrimination, private as well as public, in
the sale and rental of real property." United States v. Henshaw Bros., Inc., 401
F. Supp. 399, 402 (E.D. Va. 1974).





n68.  See United States Census Bureau, Racial and Ethnic Residential Segregation
in the United States: 1980-2000, at 18-91 (2002) [hereinafter U.S. Census
Bureau, Racial and Ethnic Residential Segregation] (providing a detailed
description of housing segregation patterns as they pertain to American Indians
and Alaskan Natives, Asians, Native Hawaiians and other Pacific Islanders,
African Americans and Hispanics), available at http://www.census.gov/hhes/www/
housing/resseg/pdf/censr-3.pdf; John R. Logan, State Univ. of N.Y. (Albany),
Separate and Unequal: The Neighborhood Gap for Blacks and Hispanics in
Metropolitan America 1-4 (2002), available at
http://mumford1.dyndns.org/cen2000/SepUneq/SUReport/Separate and Unequal.doc.





n69.  See, e.g., Melvin L. Oliver & Thomas M. Shapiro, Black Wealth/White
Wealth: A New Perspective on Racial Inequality 16, 37-45 (1st ed. 1997)
(presenting a study of race and wealth inequality that shows a strong link
between state policy, increasing suburbanization, and the perpetuation of racial
and wealth disparities); Hendrickson, supra note 66, at 66 ("Although the debate
over the causal relationship between racial segregation, racism, and economic
disadvantage is longstanding and ongoing, it is unquestionable that race plays
an important, if not predominant, role in residential segregation. Residential
progress is denied to African Americans, regardless of income levels, because of
racial barriers to integrated living."); John W. Fountain, Suit Says Chicago
Housing Renewal Plan Perpetuates Segregation, N.Y. Times, Jan. 24, 2003, at A18
(describing a lawsuit brought against the Chicago Housing Authority contending
that it violated the Fair Housing Act and the Civil Rights Act of 1964).





n70.  Oliver & Shapiro, supra note 69, at 38-45; see also Forton, supra note 39,
at 654-55 (discussing the racially discriminatory effects of Boston's suburban
housing development policies).





n71.  See Human Relations Found. & Ctr. for Urb. Research & Learning, Minding
the Gap: An Assessment of Racial Disparity in Metropolitan Chigago 5-8 (2003)
(finding that housing segregation leads to disparity in property values and
educational quality in Illinois, with students in lower-income areas having
higher dropout rates, expulsion rates, and poor test scores), available at
http://www.hullhouse.org/gap/pdfs/mindingthegap.summary.pdf.





n72.  See id.; Oliver & Shapiro, supra note 69, at 38-45; see also Louise Hunt
et al., U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urb. Dev., Summary of the Quality Housing and Work
Responsibility Act of 1998 (Title V of P.L. 105-276), at 2 (1998) (advocating
facilitation of mixed income communities and deconcentration of poverty in
public housing), available at
http://www.hud.gov/offices/pih/phr/about/titlev.pdf.





n73.  See Mara Shalhoup, The Czar of Housing: A Builder Friendly Task Force
Offers up its Solutions to Atlanta's Housing Woes (Sept. 4, 2002), at
http://atlanta.creativeloafing.com/2002-09-04/news feature.html (finding that
because developers are hesitant to develop low-income housing, the best way to
create more affordable housing is to make construction profitable for
developers).





n74.  See id.; Nevada Housing Division: Low-Income Housing Tax Credit Program,
at http://nvhousing.state.nv.us/tax credit/tax%20credit%20index.htm (noting that
Nevada has a low-income housing tax credit program that creates economic
incentives for developers to produce low-income housing).





n75.  See Forton, supra note 39, at 654-55.





n76.  See infra notes 210-227 and accompanying text.





n77.  See infra notes 308-336 and accompanying text.





n78.  See infra notes 475-477, 481-482 and accompanying text.





n79.  JCHS, supra note 39, at 24 (finding that revenues in thirty-nine of the
fifty states had declined by 10%).





n80.  See id. at 24-25.





n81.  See Schill & Wachter, supra note 61, at 1290 (discussing a scholar's
argument that there is a relationship between social and spatial housing
isolation and welfare dependency).





n82.  JCHS, supra note 39, at 10 (noting that people who have low incomes face
an enduring legacy of limited homeownership opportunities).





n83.  Joel F. Handler, Ending Welfare as we Know it: The Win/Win Spin on the
Stand of Victory, 5 J. Gender Race & Just. 131, 155 (2001) (finding that
low-income people have difficulty getting health insurance and health care and
most qualify for food stamps and Medicaid).





n84.  See Susan Bennett, Heartbreak Hotel: The Disharmonious Convergence of
Welfare, Housing and Homelessness, 1 Md. J. Contemp. Legal Issues 27, 96 n.58
(1990) (noting that examples of these entitlement programs are the three shelter
initiatives created in the 1997 Stewart B. McKinney Homeless Assistance Act,
including the Emergency Shelter Grant, the Supportive Housing and the
Supplemental Assistance to Facilitate and to Assist the Homeless).





n85.  See Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of
1996, Pub. L. No. 104-93, 110 Stat. 2105 (1996) (codified at 42 U.S.C. 601 et
seq. (2000)) (imposing strict time limits on eligibility for public benefits and
fundamentally changing the government's approach to welfare).





n86.  See id.





n87.  See Judith Bernstein-Baker, Promote Affordable Cooperative Housing in
Philadelphia, 61 Temp. L. Rev. 393, 393-94 (1988) (noting that low-income
tenants have less housing options because of increased housing costs and the
shortage of affordable housing, necessitating a consideration of other options,
such as private rental housing and homeownership).





n88.  See JCHS, supra note 39, at 25 (noting that if elderly households are
excluded from this statistic, the number of homeowners in the lowest income
group would be 33%).





n89.  See id. (finding that over 24% of low-income homeowners are moderately
burdened and 46% are severely burdened when trying to afford their homes).





n90.  See id. at 27 (discussing the additional problem of seniors who fall prey
to unscrupulous lenders and the need for better financial options).





n91.  Id. at 28 (noting that low-income home buyers to not get the same full
benefit of conventional mortgage services).





n92.  Id. at 27-28.





n93.  Nat'l Low Income Hous. Coalition, Rental Housing for America's Poor
Families: Farther Out of Reach Than Ever 2002, at Introduction, (noting that
annual NLIHC studies of housing data reveal that the affordability gap widens
each year, stating: "The rapid expansion of single family houses ... and
sophisticated public relations campaigns in recent years have idealized home
ownership to such an extent that ... . home ownership is the preferred status
and rental housing is inferior."), available at http://www.nlihc.org/oor2002.





n94.  See, e.g., Susan Bennett, "The Possibility of a Beloved Place": Residents
and Placemaking in Public Housing Communities, 19 St. Louis U. Pub. L. Rev. 259,
284-89 (2000) (discussing resident management of low-income housing
developments).





n95.  See, e.g., George Galster, A Review of Existing Research on the Effects of
Federally Assisted Housing Programs on Neighboring Residential Property Values
2-4, 14-15 (2002) (demonstrating that federally assisted housing has a minimal
or sometimes a positive effect on neighboring property values, despite popular
beliefs to the contrary), available at
http://www.realtor.org/research.nsf/files/galsterreport.pdf/$
FILE/galsterreport.pdf





n96.  See, e.g., Jack Summer, United States Urban Policy: What is Left? What is
Right?, 27 U. Mich. J.L. Reform 661, 670-74 (1994) (arguing that HUD's
administration and personnel allow many HUD initiatives to be passed easily to
Congress).





n97.  See, e.g., Michael D. Weiss & Lauri Thamheiser, Helter Shelter: The
Disorganization of Public Housing Policy, 51 Wash. U. J. Urb. & Contemp. L. 189,
195 (1997) (arguing that local public housing authorities should be responsible
for public housing management without the encumbrance of federal oversight).





n98.  See, e.g., Stanley S. Herr & Stephen M. B. Pincus, A Way to Go Home:
Supportive Housing and Housing Assistance Preferences for the Homeless, 23
Stetson L. Rev. 345, 360-61 (1994) (discussing the need for public service
agencies to offer support services, such as child care and educational and
mental health support to public housing residents because of inadequate funding
on the parts of HUD and state agencies).





n99.  See, e.g., 12 U.S.C. 1715z-1(a) (2002) (providing developers and owners of
low-income rental properties with reduced mortgage interest payments in exchange
for charging lower rents).





n100.  See, e.g., Megan J. Ballard, Profiting from Poverty: The Competition
Between for-Profit and Nonprofit Developers for Low-Income Housing Tax Credits,
55 Hastings L.J. 211, 228-43 (2003) (analyzing the impact of competition for tax
credits on LIHTC tenants and recommending that the competition be regulated);
Peter W. Salsich, Jr., Solutions to the Affordable Housing Crisis: Perspectives
on Privatization, 28 J. Marshall L. Rev. 263, 291 (1995) (discussing joint
ventures between nonprofit and for profits, and proposing some very innovative
involvement of private investors in affordable housing production.).





n101.  See, e.g., Quentin A. Paltrey, Recent Legislation: Federal Housing
Subsidies, 37 Harv. J. on Legis. 567, 575-77 (2000) (arguing for the
incorporation of environmental protection and land-use planning in housing
development policy).





n102.  See Harold A. McDougall, Affordable Housing for the 1990's, 20 U. Mich.
J.L. Reform 727, 727-33 (1987) (summarizing national housing policy from the New
Deal until the beginning of the1990s).





n103.  Infra App. of Affordable Housing Statutes, pages 478-80.





n104.  McDougall, supra note 102, at 727.





n105.  United States Housing Act of 1937 (Wagner-Steagall Housing Act), Ch. 896,
50 Stat. 888 (1937) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq. (2000) (the
"1937 Housing Act"). An earlier public housing statute, Title 2 of the National
Industrial Recovery Act, 40 U.S.C. 401(a) et seq. (1933), which provided for
construction and ownership by the federal government, was struck down as an
unconstitutional exercise of the eminent domain power. United States v. Certain
Lands in Louisville, 78 F.2d 684, 688 (6th Cir. 1935). The court held that
condemnation for public housing was not a public use. Certain Lands, 78 F.2d at
690-91.





n106.  42 U.S.C. 1437, 1439 (2000).





n107.  42 U.S.C. 1437(a)(1).





n108.  42 U.S.C. 1441 (2000).





n109.  Alexander von Hoffman, A Study in Contradictions: The Origins and Legacy
of the Housing Act of 1949, 11 Hous. Pol'y Debate 299, 306-07 (2000)
[hereinafter Von Hoffman, A Study in Contradictions], available at
http://www.fanniemaefoundation.org/programs/hpd/pdf/hpd 1102 hoffman.pdf.





n110.  Alexander von Hoffman states that:



    The liberal coalition - including the Truman administration, social welfare
groups, trade unions, housing organizations, and the U.S. Conference of Mayors -
insisted that public housing was essential to an urban revival. Cities needed
public housing, their leaders argued, to redevelop the slums and alleviate the
post-war housing shortage. A conservative alliance of building, real estate,
banking, and chamber of commerce organizations just as adamantly opposed
providing funds for public housing as a 'socialistic' intrusion into the private
market.



    Id. at 307.





n111.  See id. at 308 (explaining that President Truman raised the issue of
Congressional inaction on public housing and slum clearance as part of his
campaign strategy).





n112.  See id. at 307-09.





n113.  Housing Act of 1949, Ch. 338, 63 Stat. 413 (1949) (the "1949 Act").





n114.  42 U.S.C. 1441 (2000); Von Hoffman, A Study in Contradictions, supra note
109, at 309 (referring to the objective of the 1949 Act).





n115.  Von Hoffman, A Study in Contradictions, supra note 109, at 310 (noting
that Title I authorized $ 1 billion in loans to aid cities in acquiring slum and
blighted land for redevelopment).





n116.  Id. at 313 (explaining that initial urban redevelopment efforts under the
act were inadequate and amendments to Title I were necessary).





n117.  Id.; Housing Act of 1954, 83 Pub. L. 560; 68 Stat. 590 (1954) (codified
as amended in various sections of 12 U.S.C. 1701 et seq. (1982)).





n118.  Von Hoffman, A Study in Contradictions, supra note 109, at 313 (noting
that the House and Home Financing Agency ("HHFA"), HUD's predecessor, determined
that land in close proximity to or within slum clearance areas could be included
in redevelopment projects, and that the 1954 Act "substituted the term 'urban
renewal' for urban redevelopment to indicate a comprehensive program aimed not
only at slums, but also at blighted and potentially blighted areas," and that
the act "called for the rehabilitation and conservation of existing
structures").





n119.  Id.





n120.  Id.





n121.  Id.





n122.  Id. at 311 (explaining that President Truman cut back public housing
during the Korean War, ordering the government to build only 30,000 public
housing units, which was only one fifth of the average annual total of 135,000).





n123.  Id. at 310, 315.





n124.  Id. at 314 (noting that public housing and urban renewal programs
introduced through the Housing Act of 1949 were expanded in the 1960s).





n125.  See id. (noting that President Johnson called for the HHFA to be elevated
to a cabinet-level Department of Housing and Urban Development and he asked
Congress to expand the government's housing programs).





n126.  Id. HUD, the successor agency to the House and Home Financing Agency
("HHFA"), was made a cabinet department by the Department of Housing and Urban
Development Act of 1965, Pub. L. No. 89-174, 3, 79 Stat. 667 (1965) (codified at
42 U.S.C. 3531 (2000)).





n127.  Von Hoffman, A Study in Contradictions, supra note 109, at 314 (noting
that President Johnson called for 25,000 units of public housing to be
rehabilitated in the 1960s).





n128.  Id. at 316-17.





n129.  Id. at 317.





n130.  Id.





n131.  Id. (citing an example in New York City where the government used eminent
domain to seize and clear the Columbus Circle area where only 2% of it was
occupied by slums).





n132.  See id. at 318-22; see also infra notes 133 and accompanying text
(providing that the Section 221(d)(3) amendment to the National Housing Act of
1934 created affordable housing by allowing below-market rate mortgages).





n133.  Von Hoffman, A Study in Contradictions, supra note 109, at 319; see also
Housing Act of 1961, Pub. L. No. 87-70, 101, 75 Stat. 149 (1961) (codified as
amended at 12 U.S.C. 1715l (2000)).





n134.  Von Hoffman, A Study in Contradictions, supra note 109, at 319
(explaining that in the early 1970s, the Section 235 and 236 programs, which
provided incentives to private developers, produced more low-income housing
units than other public housing initiatives).





n135.  See id.





n136.  Id.





n137.  Fair Housing Act of 1968, Pub. L. 90-284, tit. VIII, 82 Stat. 81 (1968)
(codified at 42 U.S.C. 3601-19 (2000)).





n138.  Id. 3604.





n139.  Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Pub. L. No. 93-383, tit.
II, 201(a), 88 Stat. 662 (1974) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 1437f (2000))
(the "Section 8 program"); see also Von Hoffman, A Study in Contradictions,
supra note 109, at 320 (noting that the Act provided for a system of housing
allowances to reduce the rents of low-income households in privately owned
buildings).





n140.  See Von Hoffman, A Study in Contradictions, supra note 109, at 320
("Since 1976, the Section 8 program annually produced many times the number of
low income dwelling units developed under the 1949 act's public housing
program." (citation omitted)).





n141.  Id.





n142.  See infra notes 206-268 and accompanying text.





n143.  Von Hoffman, A Study in Contradictions, supra note 109, at 314-15.





n144.  Id. at 315 (citing United States Census Bureau, Historical Statistics of
the United States: Colonial Times to 1970, at 642 (1975)).





n145.  Id. at 320.





n146.  Id. at 302.





n147.  See, e.g., id. at 302, 316 (describing the enforcement of income limits
and the expulsion of stable and upwardly mobile tenants from public housing).





n148.  Id. at 323.





n149.  Id. at 302.





n150.  Id. at 315.





n151.  See, e.g., Urb. Inst., Chicago Risks 'Enormous Increases' in Homeless as
Public Housing is Demolished (Aug. 7, 2003), at
http://www.urban.org/url.cfm?ID=900647 (discussing the loss of 14,000 family
housing units that will result from a transformation of the city's public
housing).





n152.  See infra notes 153-158 and accompanying text.





n153.  Housing Act of 1937 (Wagner-Steagall Housing Act), Pub. L. No. 75-412
2(2), Ch. 896, 50 Stat. 888 (1937); see also Hendrickson, supra note 66, at 39.





n154.  Von Hoffman, A Study in Contradictions, supra note 109, at 303
(explaining that shortly after passing the Housing Act of 1937, Congress cut off
funding for public housing programs, continually refusing to provide such
funding throughout World War II, and explaining that Congress did not change its
position to authorize public housing again until it passed the Housing Act of
1949).





n155.  See id.





n156.  See, e.g., Rent Stabilization Bd., The Guide to Rent Control Chapters
1-3, at http://www.ci.berkeley.ca.us/rent/geninfo/guide/guide1-3.htm (last
visited Feb. 5, 2004) (explaining California's rent ceiling policy as amended by
enactment of the Costa Hawkinson Rental Housing Act of 1995).





n157.  See, e.g., id. (explaining Annual General Adjustments necessary to
compensate landlords for increases in maintenance costs and for inflation).





n158.  Department of Housing and Community Development Act of 1987, Pub. L.
96-399, 101 Stat. 1815 (1988) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 1437f (o)
(2000)).





n159.  See Nat'l Comm'n, supra note 50, passim.





n160.  Id. at 2; see also Nat'l Hous. L. Project et al., False HOPE: A Critical
Assessment of the HOPE VI Public Housing Redevelopment Program i (2002),
available at http://www.nhlp.org/html/pubhsg/FalseHOPE.pdf.





n161.  See Daskal, supra note 11, at 3.





n162.  See, e.g., Housing Affordability, Michigan in Brief, Apr. 1, 2002, at ch.
5, available at http://www.michiganinbrief.org/edition07/Chapter5/Housing.htm.



    Much of the public rental housing was built in the 1930s and 1940s and badly
needs replacement or major renovation, but government-funded new construction
has nearly ended, and the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD)
reports that federal funding for rehabilitation has been cut more than 60
percent over the past decade ... . Moreover, as HUD acknowledges, conditions in
many public housing developments are unacceptable: poor management, poor
maintenance, deterioration, and high crime rates.



    Id.





n163.  See, e.g., U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urb. Dev., Public Housing That Works,
The Transformation of America's Public Housing (1996) [hereinafter HUD, Public
Housing That Works] (describing a new model of affordable housing that allows
flexibility and mixing of incomes to alleviate concentrations of poverty),
available at http://www.huduser.org/publications/pubasst/transform.html; Hide
Yamatani, U. Pitt. Sch. of Soc. Work, HOPE VI Evaluation Report on Oak Hill
Community Revitalization Program (2002), available at
http://www.pitt.edu/copc/hope6summary.doc.



    Based on the findings of this evaluation study, the HOPE VI initiative in
Oak Hill is improving the living environment for public housing residents
through the demolition, rehabilitation, reconfiguration, and replacement of
obsolete public housing. Additionally, revitalized housing in Oak Hill is
contributing to the improvement of the surrounding neighborhoods. Although
future challenges surely await, the HOPE VI housing initiative has dispersed the
concentration of very low-income families, and has contributed to the building
of a positive community atmosphere.



    Id.; Karen Ceraso, Nat'l Hous. Inst., Is Mixed Housing the Key?: An Old Idea
is Becoming Conventional Wisdow as Private and Public Affordable Housing
Providers Create Mixed-Income Multifamily Housing, Shelterforce Online,
Mar.-Apr. 1995, at http://www.nhi.org/online/issues/80/mixhous.html. Ceraso
notes that:



    Some housing activists have argued that scarce resources should be extended
first to those who need them most; but the devastating consequences of
concentrating and isolating the poor have led others to adopt strategies in
which working families play an integral role. Advocates of mixed-income housing
seek to create viable communities by also providing increased maintenance and
security, and the social services needed to sustain the mix.



    Id.





n164.  Tax Reform Act of 1986, Pub. L. No. 99-514, 100 Stat. 2085 (1986)
(codified as amended at 26 U.S.C. 42 (2000)).





n165.  See Boris I. Bittker & Lawrence Lokken, Federal Taxation of Income,
Estates and Gifts P 27.5 (3d ed. 1999) (providing a description of the LIHTC).





n166.  See infra notes 198-268 and accompanying text (discussing the other low
income rental housing programs). The LIHTC is discussed below. Infra notes
301-345 and accompanying text.





n167.  See infra notes 438-484 and accompanying text.





n168.  Infra notes 170-345 and accompanying text.





n169.  Infra notes 346-484 and accompanying text.





n170.  See, e.g., infra notes 179-186 and accompanying text (describing
government encouragement of the privatization of public housing since the 1980s
via voucher programs and cuts in HUD funding).





n171.  See infra notes 179-197 (explaining some of the shortcomings of current
affordable housing programs and pointing out housing authorities which have been
relatively successful at servicing their residents).





n172.  Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Pub. L. No. 93-383, tit.
II, 201-13, 88 Stat. 633 (1974) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 1437f (2000)).





n173.  Id. 1437f(o)(4).





n174.  Section 8 allows private landlords to rent housing to eligible tenants
who pay a maximum of 30% of their income as rent, and the local public housing
agency pays a rent subsidy up to set market rent levels. Id. 1437f(o).





n175.  See infra notes 206-268 and accompanying text.





n176.  See Roberto G. Quercia & George C. Galster, The Challenges Facing Public
Housing Authorities in a Brave New World, 8 Hous. Pol'y Debate 535, 537-41,
available at http://www.fanniemaefoundation.org/programs/hpd/pdf/hpd 0803
quercia.pdf.





n177.  See U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urb. Dev., HUD's Public Housing Program, at
http://www.hud.gov/renting/phprog.cfm (providing HUD's description of the public
housing program and information on eligibility and application procedures).





n178.  See supra notes 170-177 and accompanying text.





n179.  John M. Kerekes, Note, The Housing and Community Development Act of 1992:
Affordable Housing Initiatives May Have Found a Home, 18 Seton Hall Legis. J.
683, 706 (1994) (citing S. Rep. No. 332, 102d Cong., 2d Sess., 4-8 (1992) on the
affordable housing crisis and decreases in funding).





n180.  Alex Polikoff, BPI Senior Staff Counsel, Public Housing Destruction: Is
it Worth it?, Speech at Nw. Univ. Inst. for Pol'y Research Colloquium (Nov. 4,
2002) (explaining that lack of money from Congress and lack of space for
construction inhibit new construction of traditional style public housing).





n181.  See HUD, Public Housing That Works, supra note 163; Peter Dreier & John
Atlas, Housing Policy's Moment of Truth, Am. Prospect, Sum. 1995, at 68
(outlining the Clinton Administration's plan to reinvent HUD through the
elimination of almost all federally assisted housing projects and their
replacement with housing vouchers to enable low-income people to buy in the new
housing developments).





n182.  See, e.g., Robert Pear, Smaller Percentage of Poor Live in High-Poverty
Areas, N.Y. Times, May 18, 2003, at A26 ("Concentrations of poor people lead to
a concentration of social ills that cause or are caused by poverty." (quoting
political science professor Paul A. Jargowsky)).





n183.  See, e.g., Alina Matas, Plans for Liberty City Could Displace Longtime
Residents, Palm Beach Daily Bus. Rev., Apr. 16, 2003, at A1 (describing Palm
Beach County's plan to tear down an 850-unit public project and replace it with
371 new units, 80 of which would be reserved for public housing, and the rest of
which would include 135 rent-to-own units and 156 condos, townhouses or
single-family homes to be sold at market-rate prices, and explaining that
homeownership would be made affordable by facilitating low-cost and subsidized
mortgages).





n184.  E.g., Cambridge Hous. Auth., Special Community Service and Economic
Self-Sufficiency Notice to All Cambridge Federal Public Housing Residents, at
http://www.
cambridgehousing.org/chaweb.nsf/0/dde5ee73b6d0436f85256d9e006199fd?OpenDocument
(last visited Feb. 21, 2004). The Cambridge Housing Authority notes that:



    On June 20, 2003, the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
issued a Notice to all Public and Indian Housing Authorities that reinstated a
1998 enacted Community Service and Self-Sufficiency Requirement for all
non-exempt residents of the nation's public housing. This provision requires
every non-exempt adult resident, ages eighteen through sixty-two, residing in
federally subsidized public housing, to participate in voluntary community
service or be enrolled in an economic self-sufficiency program for at least
eight hours per month... . to assist adult public housing residents in improving
their own economic and social well-being and to give residents a greater stake
in their communities. This requirement is also intended to facilitate upward
mobility, connect residents to their communities and provide[] adults with an
opportunity to contribute to society using their skills and talents.



    Id.





n185.  See, e.g., New York City Hous. Auth., The Working Family Preference, at
http://www.nyc.gov/html/nycha/html/workfam.html (last visited Mar. 17, 2004)
(explaining the New York City Housing Authority's Working Family Preference
application program, which provides that 50% of new public housing vacancies
will go to low-income working families to support the program's goals of
restoring the "stability, diversity and healthy income mix originally intended
for the population of public housing by reintroducing positive role models").





n186.  See, e.g., Carol J. DeVita et al., Urban Inst., Assessing Civil Society
in Low Income Neighborhoods in Washington, D.C. 11 (2001) (attributing the
schism between homeowners and public housing residents in the Washington
Highlands Community in Washington, D.C. at least partially to homeowners blaming
the public housing residents for the illegal activity in the community),
available at http://www.ids.ac.uk/ids/civsoc/final/usa/USA6.doc.





n187.  See Fountain, supra note 69, at A18; Flynn McRoberts & Carlos Sadovi,
Dreams Back on Menu for South State Street, Chi. Trib., Dec. 21, 2003, at C1.





n188.  The problem of housing the homeless is beyond the scope of this article,
but it has become an increasing problem, especially for the nation's large
cities. A settlement was recently reached in the more than twenty year
litigation against the City of New York over the provision of housing for the
homeless. Kaufman, supra note 64, at A1 (discussing McCain v. Dinkins, 601
N.Y.S.2d 271 (App. Div. 1st Dep't 1993)). As part of the settlement of a law
suit brought by The Legal Aid Society on behalf of the City's homeless
population, the State court had been monitoring the shelter system and the
services provided to the homeless since the 1980s. McCain, 601 N.Y.S.2d at 275.
The plaintiffs argued that the City of New York had a legal obligation to
provide shelter to the homeless. Id. at 274. The issue of housing for the
homeless includes the question of how to provide housing for those with criminal
records whose criminal records make them ineligible for public housing programs
owned and managed by municipalities under the "One Strike Policy." 42 U.S.C.
1437d(l)(6) (2004). Since it is unlikely that a privately managed program like
Section 8 would work effectively with this population, programs specifically
targeted to meet the housing and social needs of this group need to be
developed. See infra notes 206-268 and accompanying text (describing the Section
8 program).





n189.  For example, the Charlotte Housing Authority's Hope VI Program's
Supportive Services Program attempts to respond to the needs of its residents
while promoting self-sufficiency. Charlotte Hous. Auth., CHA HOPE VI Program
Supportive Services, at http://www.sfrpc.com/ftp/pub/modelcity/hope vi.pdf (last
visited Feb. 21, 2004).





n190.  For example, the New York City Housing Authority offers residents the
opportunity to comment on building maintenance and conditions by providing a
hotline for tenant feedback. See Frequently Asked Questions: For Tenants, at
http://www.nyc.gov/html/hpd/html/for-tenants/faqs-for-tenants.html ("Maintenance
complaints about apartments in New York City Housing Authority (NYCHA) buildings
may be directed to NYCHA's Central Office by calling 311.").





n191.  For example, the Cambridge Housing Authority offers services for adults,
such as basic education, job training and computer training, and a youth program
to provide life-skills and vocational training. Cambridge Hous. Auth., at
http://www.cambridge-housing.
org/chaweb.nsf/0/9581a1b252937ac385256d16004e5483?Open Document (last visited
Apr. 27, 2004); see also New York City Hous. Auth., Fact Sheet, at
http://www.ci.nyc.ny.us/html/nycha/html/factsheet.html (last updated Dec. 2,
2003) [hereinafter NYCHA, Fact Sheet]. The New York City Housing Authority
states that:



    NYCHA doesn't just provide a place to live. There are a wide variety of
programs offered by NYCHA that are geared specifically to special age or special
needs groups such as children, teens, single-parents, seniors, substance
abusers, and victims of domestic violence, among others. NYCHA oversees a
network of over 400 community facilities that include community centers, senior
centers, health care centers, day care and Head Start educational centers.
Programs at many of these centers, to mention only a few, include sports,
photography, painting, literacy classes and general education courses, computer
training, arts and crafts, childcare feeding and lunch, and senior companion
initiatives.



    Id.





n192.  See William Julius Wilson, "There Goes the Neighborhood", N.Y. Times,
June 16, 2003, at A19 (discussing social scientists' attention to concentrated
poverty, as it magnifies the social problems associated with poverty in
general).





n193.  See, e.g., Steven Swanger, Testimony Before the Millennial Housing
Commission Regarding Family Self-Sufficiency (July 25, 2001) (describing the
difficulty in maintaining funding and sporadic support for the public-housing
based support services offered by the Cambridge Housing Authority), available at
http://www.mhc.gov/focus/swanger.doc.





n194.  E.g., id. (concluding that the United States is in need of a national
effort to expand skill training programs and other resources dedicated to
increasing the economic and social mobility of public housing residents and make
the programs and other resources a regular and integrated feature of the public
housing system).





n195.  NYCHA, Fact Sheet, supra note 191 ("NYCHA is the largest public housing
authority in North America. NYCHA's Conventional Public Housing Program has
181,000 apartments in 346 developments throughout the City ... . serving about
174,800 families and 418,834 authorized residents."); AreaConnect, Boston City,
Massachusetts Statistics and Demographics (US Census 2000), at
http://boston.areaconnect.com/statistics.htm (noting that as of the 2000 census,
the population of Boston, Massachusetts was 589,141).





n196.  Rudolph W. Giuliani, Nat'l Ass'n of Hous. Redevelopment Officials Nat'l
Conference Opening Address (July 25, 1997), available at
http://www.nyc.gov/html/rwg/html/97/nahrol.html.





n197.  Swanger, supra note 193.





n198.  HOPE VI was created by the Departments of Veterans Affairs and Housing
and Urban Development in the Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 1993 (Pub.
L. 102-389), approved on October 6, 1992 by the 1993 Appropriations Act, and was
originally known as the Urban Revitalization Demonstration ("URD"). See U.S.
Dep't of Hous. & Urb. Dev., About HOPE VI, at
http://www.hud.gov/pih/programs/ph/hope6/hope6 ab out.html (last updated Mar.
12, 2001) [hereinafter HUD, About HOPE VI]. HOPE is an acronym for Housing and
Opportunity for People Everywhere. Sabrina L. Williams, From HOPE VI to HOPE
SICK?, Dollars & Sense, July/Aug. 2003, at 1 ("The name is sometimes an acronym
for 'Housing Opportunities for People Everywhere,' although HUD formally calls
it the Revitalization of Severely Distressed Public Housing program or
alternately 'a chapter in the American Success Story that is public housing.'"),
available at http://www.dollarsandsense.org/archives/2003/0703williams.html.





n199.  Infra notes 368-416 and accompanying text.





n200.  HUD, About HOPE VI, supra note 198.





n201.  Id.





n202.  Id.





n203.  See Michael S. FitzPatrick, Note, A Disaster in Every Generation: An
Analysis of HOPE VI: HUD's Newest Big Budget Development Plan, 7 Geo. J. Poverty
L. & Pol'y 421, 444-45 (2000).





n204.  See id.





n205.  See id.





n206.  U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urb. Dev., Section 8 Tenant-Based Housing
Assistance: A Look Back After 30 Years 2, 13 (2000) [hereinafter HUD, Section 8
Tenant-Based Housing Assistance], available at
http://www.huduser.org/publications/pubasst/look.html.





n207.  Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Pub. L. No. 93-383, tit.
II, 201-13, 88 Stat. 633 (1974) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 1437f (2000)).





n208.  HUD, Section 8 Tenant-Based Housing Assistance, supra note 206, at 1.





n209.  Id.; see 42 U.S.C. 1437f(o).





n210.  HUD, Section 8 Tenant-Based Housing Assistance, supra note 206, at 5.





n211.  Id. at 4-5.





n212.  U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urb. Dev., Study on Section 8 Voucher Success
Rates: Volume I; Quantitative Study of Success Rates in Metropolitan Areas 11
(2001) (indicating that tenant-based programs dominate today's Public Housing
effort), available at http://www.huduser.org/publications/pdf/sec8success.pdf.





n213.  HUD, Section 8 Tenant-Based Housing Assistance, supra note 206, at 5.





n214.  U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urb. Dev., Housing Choice Vouchers Fact Sheet, at
http://www.hud.gov/offices/pih/programs/hcv/about/fact sheet.cfm (last updated
July 19, 2001).





n215.  Id. (explaining that fair market rents are determined by local public
housing authorities ("PHAs")).





n216.  HUD, Section 8 Tenant-Based Housing Assistance, supra note 206, at 5.





n217.  Id.





n218.  Id.





n219.  Id. at 12.





n220.  Id. at 5-6.





n221.  Id. at 6.





n222.  Id.





n223.  Id.





n224.  Id. at 8.





n225.  See id. at iii, 15-17 (explaining that "the flexibility of the program
design makes it the perfect tool for a wide variety of critical housing needs").





n226.  Id. at 8.





n227.  Id.





n228.  Id. at 12-13.





n229.  Id.





n230.  Id. at 12. But see Amy R. Bowser, Comment, One Strike and You're Out - or
Are You?: Rucker's Influence on Future Eviction Proceedings for Section 8 and
Public Housing, 108 Penn. St. L. Rev. 611, 627-31 (2003) (arguing that property
owners have discretion in applying the "One Strike" policy to Section 8
tenancies.).





n231.  Hud, Section 8 Tenant-Based Housing Assistance, supra 206, at ii.





n232.  The American Housing Survey ("AHS") collects data for HUD on the nation's
housing every year. See United States Census Bureau, Welcome to the American
Housing Survey!, at http://www.census.gov/hhes/www/ahs.html (last updated Oct.
27, 2003). Further information and many AHS reports can be accessed through the
HUD website. U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urb. Dev., American Housing Survey, at
http://www.huduser.org/datasets/ahs.html (last updated July 11, 2003).





n233.  See HUD, Section 8 Tenant-Based Housing Assistance, supra note 206, at
13.





n234.  Id.





n235.  Id. at 14.





n236.  Id.





n237.  Pamulaklakin, supra note 59.





n238.  HUD, Section 8 Tenant-Based Housing Assistance, supra note 206, at 13.





n239.  See Pamulaklakin, supra note 59.





n240.  HUD, Section 8 Tenant-Based Housing Assistance, supra note 206, at 15.





n241.  Id.





n242.  See Brian Maney & Sheila Crowley, Scarcity and Success: Perspectives on
Assisted Housing, 9 J. Affordable Hous. & Cmty. Dev. L. 319, 349 (2000)
(criticizing the impact of the Section 8 program on the mobility of poor people
and de-concentration of poverty), available at
http://www.nlihc.org/mahn/sec8index.htm.





n243.  HUD, Section 8 Tenant-Based Housing Assistance, supra note 206, at 17-21.





n244.  Id. at 19 (citing Sandra J. Newman & Ann B. Schanre, "... And a Suitable
Living Environment": The Failure of Housing Programs to Deliver on Neighborhood
Quality, 8 Hous. Pol'y Debat 703, 728 (1997), available at
http://www.fanniemaefoundat ion.org/programs/hpd/pdf/hpd 0804 newman.pdf.





n245.  See Maney & Crowley, supra note 242, at 334-38. This helpful article
contains detailed information about how the Section 8 certificate and voucher
programs work, how the subsidies are calculated, and the complexities of program
administration. Id. at 325-29.





n246.  See id. at 332-35, 341-42.





n247.  See Ammann, supra note 58, at 322 (providing that there is no requirement
that a landlord accept a Section 8 tenant, and that "since in most urban areas a
high percentage of families applying for Section 8 housing are minorities, they
face very real discrimination by owners and managers").





n248.  Ammann and Salsich, in discussing a widening role for nonprofits in the
development of affordable housing policy, point out that "nonprofits are more
willing than private owners to accept subsidized tenants, but nonprofits also
seek relief from complex regulatory schemes in hopes of enhancing their social
mission." John J. Ammann & Peter W. Salsich, Jr., NonProfit Housing Providers:
Can They Survive the "Devolution Revolution"?, 16 St. Louis U. Pub. L. Rev. 321,
327 (1997).





n249.  Peter W. Salsich, Jr., Focus on: Urban America: Urban Housing: A
Strategic Role for the States, 12 Yale L. & Pol'y Rev. 93, 102 (1994)
[hereinafter Salsich, Focus on: Urban America] ("Many states are ... moving to
fill the low-and-moderate-income housing production vacuum with creative and
impressive commitment of state resources.").





n250.  See, e.g., John Goering, The Impacts of New Neighborhoods on Poor
Families: Evaluating the Policy Implications of the Moving to Opportunity
Demonstration; (Session 3: The Impact of Housing on People and Places), 9 Fed.
Reserve Bank of N.Y. Econ. Pol'y Rev. 113, 230 (2003) (describing HUD's Moving
to Opportunity for Fair Housing Demonstration Program, a large federally funded
social experiment designed to test whether improved neighborhood opportunities
may significantly affect the life changes of low income public housing
residents).





n251.  See Michael Janofsky, A Dark Side of Expansion: Housing Costs Rise
Rapidly, N.Y. Times, Mar. 7, 1999, at 31 ("The wait for a voucher had stretched
to 10 years in Newark[, New Jersey]...").





n252.  Maney & Crowley, supra note 242, at 342.





n253.  Id.





n254.  See id.





n255.  Id. at 343-44.





n256.  Id.





n257.  Id.





n258.  Id. at 320-21.





n259.  Id. at 344. "The section 8 program by itself does not ensure access to
low-poverty neighborhoods, particularly for minority families. Supplementing
vouchers with housing counseling and search assistance, among other things, can
improve their performance... . Mobility ... . should be combined with policies
that further neighborhood revitalization." Id. at 349.





n260.  Id.





n261.  Id. at 350.





n262.  Id. at 338.





n263.  Id. at 335-39.





n264.  Id. at 350.





n265.  Id. at 351.





n266.  See HUD, Section 8 Tenant-Based Housing Assistance, supra note 206, at
45.





n267.  Maney & Crowley, supra note 242, at 349.



    There are currently 1.4 million vouchers in circulation, but ... an
additional 5.3 million renter households have 'worst case housing needs.' That
is, they do not receive housing assistance, have incomes below 50 percent of the
local median, and pay more than half of their income for rent or live in
severely sub-standard housing.



    Id.





n268.  Id. at 338-39.





n269.  See, e.g., U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urb. Dev., The Widening Gap: New
Findings on Housing Affordability in America (1999) ("Particularly serious are
the [financial] pressures faced by millions of American families in the
transition from welfare to work - families for whom housing is typically the
number one cost burden."), available at
http://www.hud.gov/library/bookshelf18/pressrel/afford/afford.html; Peter W.
Salsich, Jr., Welfare Reform: Is Self Sufficiency Feasible Without Affordable
Housing?, 2 Mich. L. & Pol'y Rev. 43, 69 (1997) [hereinafter Salsich, Welfare
Reform] (arguing that welfare-recipient families are likely to fail in achieving
self-sufficiency under the new reform structure, unless greater attention is
paid to, and resources are allocated for, the housing needs of low-income
families).





n270.  Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996
("PRWORA"), Pub. L. No. 104-93, 110 Stat. 2105 (1996) (codified at 42 U.S.C. 601
et seq. (2000)) (eliminating the federally funded program of entitlement to
public assistance benefits and substituting a much more restrictive,
time-limited program requiring recipients of public assistance to become
employed within twenty-four months of starting to receive assistance).





n271.  Department of Veterans Affairs and Housing & Urban Development, and
Independent Agencies Appropriations Act of 1997, Pub. L. No. 104-204, 110 Stat.
2874 (1996) (codified in various sections of 12 U.S.C. 1715z et seq. (2000)).





n272.  Salsich, Welfare Reform, supra note 269, at 43.





n273.  42 U.S.C. 601(a)(1)-(2).





n274.  42 U.S.C. 602(a)(1)(B)(iv) (2000).





n275.  42 U.S.C. 602(a)(1)(A)(ii).





n276.  42 U.S.C. 608(a)(7)(A) (2000).





n277.  42 U.S.C. 602(a)(1)(A)(i).





n278.  See 42 U.S.C. 601(a)(1).





n279.  See 42 U.S.C. 602(a)(1)(A)(i).





n280.  Salsich notes that:



    Some critics of the public housing and Section 8 programs argue that the
emphasis on long-term subsidized rental assistance is based on a 'fundamental
misunderstanding of the role which housing plays in social and economic life.'
Ownership opportunities rather than rental assistance should be emphasized to
help people 'move up the ladder from one type (of housing) to another,' a study
by a market-based public policy research organization concluded.



    Salsich, Welfare Reform, supra note 269, at 52 (internal citations omitted);
see also Howard Husock, Broken Ladder: Government Thwarts Affordable Housing,
Pol'y Rev., Mar.-Apr. 1997, at 46 (suggesting the cultivation of privately owned
low and moderate-income housing), available at
http://www.policyreview.org/mar97/husock.html.





n281.  Salsich, Welfare Reform, supra note 269, at 69.





n282.  Id. at 45.





n283.  See Creola Johnson, Welfare Reform and Asset Accumulation: First We Need
a Bed and a Car, 2000 Wis. L. Rev. 1221, 1222-23 (2000).



    Roxanne's eight-year-old son, Rashaun ... is doing well in school despite
the fact that he does his homework alone and frequently sleeps on the floor in
an apartment that is empty, except for one bed, a kitchen table, and a small
television ... . Even though Roxanne lacks basic furniture[,] ... the Ohio
Department of Human Services counts Roxanne among the 300,000 self-sufficient
adults whom welfare professionals have successfully helped find jobs and removed
from the public assistance rolls since welfare reform began in 1997.



    Id. (internal citations omitted); Kara A. Millonzi, Education as a Right of
National Citizenship Under the Privileges or Immunities Clause of the Fourteenth
Amendment, 81 N.C. L. Rev. 1286, 1291-92 (2003) ("As a Harvard University study
concludes, 'schools with high poverty concentrations have lower school test
score averages, few advanced courses, fewer teachers with credentials, inferior
courses and levels of competition, and send fewer graduates on to college.'").





n284.  U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urb. Dev., Beyond Shelter: Building Communities of
Opportunity 10 (1996) ("The primary housing problem in the U.S. today is not an
inadequate supply of decent housing, but lagging affordability due to stagnant
incomes and rising housing costs."), available at http://www.housing
.infoxchange.net. au/library/ahin/housing design/items/00002-upload-00001.pdf.





n285.  Salsich, Welfare Reform, supra note 269, at 56-57.



    HUD's ...analysis ... identifies almost 15 million people as being eligible
for housing subsidies but notes that less than five million of those people
actually receive such subsidies... . [Also,] HUD studies [show] that almost five
million households in America are paying more than half of their income for
housing, even though at least two million are working.



    Id.





n286.  See id.





n287.  See id.





n288.  Salsich does a calculation based on the minimum wage to show that in 1997
a rent level of $ 257.50 (including utilities) per month would be affordable
(30% of income) for a minimum wage worker, but that the 1995 national average
rent was $ 402 per month. Id. at 56. Looking at it another way, a worker would
need to earn an annual income of $ 16,080 (as opposed to the $ 10,300 minimum
wage) to afford housing at $ 402 per month. Id. at 55-56.





n289.  Id. at 51 (stating that passage of the welfare reform legislation raises
serious questions about future national housing policy).





n290.  Id. at 53.





n291.  Id.





n292.  PRWORA established a five-year cap on the number of years that federal
funds can be used to provide public assistance. 42 U.S.C. 608(a)(7)(A) (2000).





n293.  Salsich, Welfare Reform, supra note 269, at 53.





n294.  Id. (citing Welfare Reform May Boost Need for Housing Subsidies, 24
Current Devs. Hous. & Dev. Rep. (BNA) 424 (1996)).





n295.  Id. at 44.





n296.  Id.





n297.  Id.





n298.  Id. at 62.





n299.  Id.





n300.  Id. at 62-63; infra notes 417-437 and accompanying text.





n301.  See Reaganomics, Wikipedia (2002), at
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reaganomics.





n302.  The LIHTC was enacted as part of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, Pub. L. No.
99-514, 100 Stat. 2085 (1986) (codified as amended at 26 U.S.C. 42 (2000)), and
it was permanently funded in the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993, Pub.
L. No. 103-66, 107 Stat. 312 (1993) (codified at 26 U.S.C. 1391-97D (2000))
(amended by the Taxpayer Relief Act of 1997, Pub. L. No. 105-34, 951-952, 111
Stat. 788, 885 (1997)).





n303.  See Bittker & Lokken, supra note 165, P 27.5 (discussing the projects
which qualify for the tax credit, computation of the tax credit, and special
requirements relating to it); Jean L. Cummings & Denise DiPasquale, City
Research, Building Affordable Rental Housing: An Analysis of the Low-Income
Housing Tax Credit 4 (1998) (describing the basic nature and underlying purpose
of the LIHTC program and introducing a detailed empirical study of LIHTC's
effects over the past ten years), available at
http://www.cityresearch.com/lihtc/cr lihtc.pdf.





n304.  Cummings & DiPasquale, supra note 303, at 5.





n305.  Bennett L. Hecht, Developing Affordable Housing: A Practical Guide for
Nonprofit Organizations 4 (2d ed. 1999). "Substantially all of the affordable
rental housing that has been built since 1986 has been created with the use of
the low income housing tax credit." Id.





n306.  An excellent source of information for the LIHTC industry is the website
of the public accounting firm Novogradac & Co. LLP and its Affordable Housing
Resource Center. Novogradac & Co. LLP, Affordable Housing Resource Center, at
http://www.nov oco.com/resource.shtml (last visited Feb. 1, 2004). The site
contains news articles and links to reports about the LIHTC; it follows the
latest legislative activities, and offers conferences, workshops, and
publications on the topic. Id.





n307.  Cong. Budget Office, The Cost Effectiveness of the Low Income Housing Tax
Credit Compared with Housing Vouchers: A CBO Staff Memorandum (1992), reprinted
in 56 Tax Notes 493 (1992) [hereinafter CBO] (concluding that "the government
can provide assistance of equal value to tenants through housing vouchers at a
fraction of the cost of credits.").





n308.  See Government Programs to Encourage Private Investment in Low-Income
Housing, 81 Harv. L. Rev. 1295, 1295-96 (1968) (claiming that because the costs
of materials, labor and financing for construction or rehabilitation are high
and rents are low throughout the industry, low-income housing cannot yield a
competitive rate of return).





n309.  See Cummings & DiPasquale, supra note 303, at 3. For every dollar of tax
credits received, the investor's federal income taxes are reduced by one dollar.
Id. In contrast, for every dollar of expense that qualifies as a tax deduction,
the investor's taxes are reduced by the marginal tax rate. For 2003, the highest
marginal corporate tax rate is 35%. 26 U.S.C. 11(b) (2004).





n310.  Cummings & DiPasquale, supra note 303, at 3.





n311.  Jim Schaafsma, Focus on the Low Income Housing Tax Credit (LIHTC) Program
(Mich. Poverty L. Program), available at
http://www.mplp.org/materials/Newsletter/03W inter/housing1.htm (last visited
Feb. 5, 2004).





n312.  Janet Stearns, The Low Income Housing Credit: A Poor Solution to the
Housing Crisis, 6 Yale L. & Pol'y Rev. 203, 218-19 (1988).





n313.  Salsich, Focus on: Urban America, supra note 249, at 103.





n314.  26 U.S.C. 42(m) (2000).





n315.  Id.





n316.  26 U.S.C. 42(h)(3) (2000). For calendar years beginning in 2003, the
amounts used under 26 U.S.C. 42(h)(3)(C)(ii) to calculate the State housing
credit ceiling for the low income housing credit is the greater of $ 1.75
multiplied by the State population or $ 2,030,000.





n317.  26 U.S.C. 42(m)(1)(B). For a basic overview of the process, see Brad
Elphick et al., Low Income Housing Tax Credit Basics - Optimizing Opportunities,
PowerPoint presentation at Novogradac & Co. LLP's 9th Annual Tax Credit
Developers Conference (Jan. 8, 2003) (on file with the author).





n318.  26 U.S.C. 42(m)(1)(C).





n319.  Elphick et al., supra note 317.





n320.  See id.





n321.  See id.





n322.  See Bittker & Lokken supra note 165, at 27-67 (providing a full
discussion of buildings qualifying for the LIHTC and the computation of the
credits).





n323.  26 U.S.C. 42(c)(2) (2000).





n324.  The "minimum set aside requirements" are that at least 20% of the units
are rent restricted and occupied by persons with incomes not greater than 50% of
the area median income, 26 U.S.C. 42(g)(1)(A) (2000), or at least 40% of the
units are rent restricted and occupied by persons with incomes not greater than
60% of the area median income. Id. 42(g)(1)(B).





n325.  26 U.S.C. 42(f)(1) (2000).





n326.  26 U.S.C. 42(a) (2000).





n327.  26 U.S.C. 42(b)(2)(B)(1) (2000).





n328.  Id. 42(b)(2)(B)(2).





n329.  26 U.S.C. 42(c)(1) (2000).





n330.  26 U.S.C. 42(d)(5)(C) (2000) (areas so designated by HUD because of their
high percentage of low income residents or high construction, land, or utility
costs in relation to area median gross income).





n331.  Elphick et al., supra note 317; see also Ted M. Handel & David C. Nahas,
Leveraging the Low-Income Housing Tax Credits Program, 26 L.A. Law. 23, 24
(2004) (discussing the mechanics of tax liabilities to investors under the LIHTC
program).





n332.  See Ballard, supra note 100, at 216-19 (describing an example of how the
LIHTC works, including the sale of tax credit to for profit developers).





n333.  26 U.S.C. 42(f)(1) (2000).





n334.  26 U.S.C. 42(g)(2), (h)(6), (i)(1) (2000).





n335.  See Martha B. Taylor, The Future of the RTC Affordable Housing
Disposition Program, 5 J. Affordable Hous. & Cmty. Dev. L. 131, 136 (1996).





n336.  26 U.S.C. 42(j) (2000); see Bittker & Lokken supra note 165, at 27-71
(discussing the recapture rule and the computation of the amount recaptured).





n337.  See David Philip Cohen, Improving the Supply of Affordable Housing: The
Role of the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit, 6 J.L. & Pol'y 537, 548 (1998)
(discussing the difficulty of measuring the costs and benefits of the LIHTC
because of the lack of official information, but suggesting that the available
data indicate a general shortcoming in cost-effective low-income housing
production).





n338.  See id. at 562-63 (outlining the objectives of LIHTCs in the context of
proposing improvements to the approach); see also Allison D. Christians,
Breaking the Subsidy Cycle: A Proposal for Affordable Housing, 32 Colum. J.L. &
Soc. Probs. 131, 142 (1999) (summarizing Congress' introduction of the LIHTC in
1986 and providing a comprehensive overview of the program).





n339.  Sandra Nolden et al., Abt Associates Inc., Updating the Low Income
Housing Tax Credit (LIHTC) Database: Projects Placed in Service Through 2000, at
i (2002), available at http://www.huduser.org/Datasets/LIHTC/report952k.pdf. Abt
Associates created a national database of LIHTC properties placed in service
from 1987 through 1994, and this report is a third update of the original. Id.
at ii.





n340.  Id. at 37.





n341.  Id. at 36.





n342.  See id. at 66 (describing the properties of the LIHTC database, detailing
the source of information and the use of geographic indicators to code the
data).





n343.  Cohen, supra note 337, at 548-49, 552-60.





n344.  Nolden et al., supra note 339, at 2.



    The goals of this research project are to: (1) collect data from LIHTC
allocating agencies on tax credit projects placed in service after 1994; (2)
describe the characteristics of these projects and their local areas; and (3)
provide a clean, documented data file that can be used as a reliable sampling
frame for future, more in-depth research.



    Id.





n345.  See CBO, supra note 307, at 496. The CBO explains that:



    HUD has estimated that newly constructed housing costs twice as much as
housing vouchers, which draw primarily from the existing housing stock. The
HUD-commissioned study of early experience with low-income housing credits
estimated that, for units not receiving other subsidies, the present value of
low-income housing credits for the 15-year set-aside period was 1.8 times what
it could cost to provide vouchers to allow tenants to rent similar units. The
cost of the credit reflects the combined average cost of newly constructed and
substantially rehabilitated housing, both of which are more expensive than
existing unimproved housing.



    Id.





n346.  See, e.g., Michael H. Schill, Privatizing Federal Low Income Housing
Assistance: The Case of Public Housing, 75 Cornell L. Rev. 878, 907-16 (1990)
(advocating a market-based approach to the availability of public housing based
on the availability of maximal tenant choice and the use of vouchers to obtain
private housing).





n347.  Department of Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Pub. L.
93-383, 101, 88 Stat. 633 (1974) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 (2000)).





n348.  See, e.g., Duane A. Martin, The President and the Cities: Clinton's Urban
Aid Agenda, 26 Urb. Law. 99, 103 (1994) (discussing the federal allocation of
funds to local governments as block grants with "no strings" during the Nixon
administrations).





n349.  Id.





n350.  Id. at 109.





n351.  Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (Home Investment
Partnerships Act ("HOME")), Pub. L. No. 101-625, 104 Stat. 4079 (1990) (codified
as amended at tit. II, 42 U.S.C. 3535(d), 12701, 12721 et seq. (2000)).





n352.  See supra notes 301-345 and accompanying text.





n353.  Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993, Pub. L. No. 103-66, 107 Stat.
312 (1993) (codified at 26 U.S.C. 1391-97D (2000)) (amended by the Taxpayer
Relief Act of 1997, Pub. L. No. 105-34, 951-952, 111 Stat. 788, 885 (1997)).
"Empowerment Zones" and "Enterprise Communities" were designated distressed
areas where economic development was encouraged by making tax incentives and
decreased regulation available to businesses. Id.





n354.  See supra notes 210-227 and accompanying text.





n355.  See generally Ballard, supra note 100, at 219 (explaining that
"typically, a developer will turn to one or more conventional mortgages, grants
and/or equity provided by the developer or limited partners to fill [the] gap"
between the amount provided by the government and the amount needed to finance
the project).





n356.  See id. at 224



    Lawmakers chose not to throw their lot entirely with for-profit developers;
legislators recognized the value of nonprofits in developing low-income housing
when they enacted the Tax Reform Act. The legislation requires state agencies
allocating tax credits to set aside at least 10% of their credits for projects
sponsored by nonprofit developers.



    Id.





N357.  See id. at 221-25.





n358.  See generally id. at 228-44.



    When government retreats from its traditional role as a provider of social
services and relies on the private sector to fill the gap, nonprofit
organizations will compete with for-profit actors for the benefits associated
with implementing social programs. In crafting programs to outsource social
services, policy makers must recognize the potential for this competitive
dynamic and keep in mind the users of social services, whose needs stand to be
impaired by unregulated competition.



    Id. at 230.





n359.  In support of the many affordable rental housing programs, HUD "insures
lenders against risk of developer defaulting on loan,"; "inspects throughout
construction and contracts with inspectors for assistance,"; "pays landlord the
difference between the fair market rent and the tenant's portion of the rent,";
"inspects properties to ensure they meet HUD's housing quality standards,"; and
"regulates and monitors PHA performance," among other things. U.S. Gen. Acct.
Off., Major Management Challenges and Program Risks: Department of Housing and
Urban Development, GAO-03-103, at 16-17 tbl. 1 (2003).





n360.  A GAO study found that "HUD has made progress since January 2001 in
addressing identified weaknesses in its high-risk program areas and management
challenges but significant challenges remain. GAO is maintaining the
department's single-family mortgage insurance and rental housing assistance
program areas as high risk at this time." Id. at i.





n361.  See Ballard, supra note 100, at 212 (noting that private for profit
entities have become more involved in affordable housing development as
government has moved away from direct involvement.)





n362.  See generally id. at 218, 225-27 (discussing the multiple costs that are
included in a tax credit application, and the competitive role played by the
Nat'l Ass'n of Home Builders).





n363.  See Herr & Pincus, supra note 98, at 357 (noting that "the homeless are
the latest intended beneficiaries of the preference system" for placement in
public housing and that in many ways, those with the greatest need are the least
served by the government system).





n364.  See Ballard, supra note 100, at 228-44.





n365.  See Glenn Haege, The American Dream - Home Ownership - Continues to
Increase Daily, Detroit News, Dec. 20, 2003, 1 (describing the importance of
homeownership to economic security), available at
http://www.detnews.com/2003/homeimprovement/0312 /20/index.htm; see also Harris,
supra note 5, at 2.





n366.  See, e.g., infra App. of Affordable Housing Statutes, pages 478-80
(providing examples of federal programs enacted to address the housing crisis).





n367.  See, e.g., Pres. George W. Bush, A Home of Your Own: Expanding
Opportunities for All Americans 2 (2002) (proposing $ 200 million annually for
the American Dream Downpayment Fund to help an estimated 40,000 low-income
families with downpayment and closing costs, noting that: "The single biggest
barrier to homeownership is often accumulating funds for a downpayment."),
available at
http://www.whitehouse.gov/infocus/homeownership/homeownership-policy-bookwhole.p
df.





n368.  See Gordon Cavenaugh, Ending Severely Distressed Public Housing - A
Congressional Initiative, A HUD Challenge, 3 J. Afford. Hous. & Cmty. Dev. L.
13, 14 (1993) (discussing the genesis of the HOPE VI program).





n369.  Id.





n370.  Department of Veterans Affairs and Housing & Urban Development, and
Independent Agencies Appropriations Act of 1993, Pub. L. 102-389, tit. II, 106
Stat. 1571, 1579-81 (1992) (codified as amended in 42 U.S.C. 1437l (1996)
(repealed 1998)).





n371.  Quality Housing and Work Responsibility Act of 1998, Pub. L. No. 105-276,
tit. V, 112 Stat. 2518 (codified at 42 U.S.C. 1437v (2000)).





n372.  Hunt et al., supra note 72, at 2.





n373.  Id.





n374.  See 42 U.S.C. 1437v(d)(1) (2000).





n375.  Id.





n376.  Hunt et al., supra note 72, at 2 (stating that the purpose of this title
is to: 1) deregulate PHAs; 2) provide more flexible use of federal assistance to
PHAs; 3) facilitate mixed income communities; 4) decrease concentrations of
poverty in public housing, etc.).





n377.  Ctr. for Cmty. Change, ENPHRONT, A HOPE Unseen: Voices from the Other
Side of Hope VI, at 4 (2003), available at http://www.communitychange.org/ho
using/HOPEVI/HOPEVIfull.doc; see also infra note 380 (presenting articles by
HOPE VI detractors and supporters).





n378.  HUD, About HOPE VI, supra note 198.





n379.  Id.





n380.  FitzPatrick, supra note 203, at 444. In his note, Michael FitzPatrick
criticizes the HOPE VI program for reducing the number of affordable housing
units and not achieving the goals of self-sufficiency for tenants. Id.
Responding to FitzPatrick's critique, Patrick Clancy and Leo Quigley see the
HOPE VI program as one of HUD's most promising tools. In their article, Clancy
and Quigley promote HOPE VI in glowing terms. "Drawing upon lessons from five
years of work with this evolving public housing transformation tool, [they
argue] that HOPE VI presents important opportunities to create mixed-income
housing, revitalize neighborhoods, reconnect public housing with local real
estate markets, and support families striving to achieve self-sufficiency."
Patrick Clancy & Leo Quigley, HOPE VI: A Vital Tool for Comprehensive
Neighborhood Revitalization, 8 Geo. J. Poverty Law & Pol'y 527, 527-28 (2001).





n381.  FitzPatrick, supra note 203, at 445.





n382.  Id. at 448.





n383.  See Hunt et al., supra note 72, at 2.





n384.  See Clancy & Quigley, supra note 380, at 527.





n385.  Id. at 531.





n386.  Id. at 536-37.





n387.  Id.





n388.  Id. at 532.





n389. " While obtaining significant additional resources for new housing
production remains a challenge, HOPE VI provides a template for investing these
resources in ways that stimulate neighborhood revitalization." Id. at 533.





n390.  FitzPatrick, supra note 203, at 445.





n391.  See Clancy & Quigley, supra note 380, at 533-34.





n392.  Id.





n393.  Id. at 433.





n394.  Id.





n395.  Id. at 434.





n396.  Id.





n397. " This ineffectiveness, however, is failure of local implementation rather
than a structural flaw in HOPE VI. Implementation of self-sufficiency
programming has lagged behind the real estate development program due, in part,
to the historical separation of these functions." Id.





n398.  Id. at 536.





n399.  Id.





n400.  Id. at 537.





n401.  Id.





n402.  Id.





n403.  Id.





n404.  If one group of needy people is displaced in favor of another group that
is equally needy, is there any real difference? There is no problem if the
displaced people have adequate alternative housing and exercise some degree of
choice in moving to other housing. On the other hand, it does not seem fair if
the displacement is involuntary and the displaced persons have to relocate to
housing that is as bad as or worse than what they came from. Although a program
like HOPE VI requires some families to be displaced, the program should
recognize the negative effects of displacement on families, and give some degree
of priority to former residents - all other things being equal.





n405. " Not In My Back Yard" ("NIMBY") has been the objection of many local
community residents seeking to resist the location of low income housing
projects in their neighborhoods. See Galster, supra note 95, at 9 (providing a
study of the impact of affordable housing on neighboring property values and
discussing "NIMBY" neighborhood opposition to such projects); Cassandra Netzke,
Rethinking Revitalization: Social Services in Segregation and Concentrations of
Poverty, 23 Hamline J. Pub. L. & Pol'y 145, 176 (2001).





n406.  See Jeanne Goldie Gura, Preserving Affordable Homeownership Opportunities
in Rapidly Escalating Real Estate Markets, 11 J. Affordable Hous. & Cmty. Dev.
L. 78, 81, 88 (2001).





n407.  Id.





n408.  Id.





n409.  Id.





n410.  See Lynn E. Cunningham, Islands of Affordability in a Sea of
Gentrification: Lessons Learned from the D.C. Housing Authority's Hope VI
Projects, 10 J. Affordable Hous. & Cmty. Dev. L. 353, 353-54 (2001).





n411.  Id.





n412.  Id.; see also Dana L. Miller, Hope VI and Title VII: How a Justifying
Government Purpose Can Overcome the Disparate Impact Problem, 47 St. Louis U.
L.J. 1277, 1284 (2003).





n413.  See Clancy & Quigley, supra note 380, at 541. Clancy & Quigley describe
Park DuValle in Louisville, Kentucky, as "an example of what can be accomplished
with a bold vision for redevelopment" and explain that:



    In a stunning turnaround, the new development is home to both very-low
income families and doctors and lawyers with $ 300,000 incomes. The $ 200
million effort transformed a once neglected segment of the city into
Louisville's premier mixed income neighborhood. The new Park DuValle, covering
125 acres, links 650 rental residents and 450 homeowners with civic,
recreational, and retail facilities.



    Id.





n414.  Id.





n415.  Id.; Neal R. Peirce, Metamorphosis of a Neighborhood: Louisville's
Miraculous Story, Fla. Sustainable Cmtys. Ctr. World / Nat'l News (2000),
available at http://sustainable.state.fl.us/fdi/fscc/news/world/0009/louis.htm
(posted Sept. 3, 2000).





n416.  For example, an abstract of a forthcoming doctoral dissertation,
available at HUD's Office of University Partnerships website, explains that:



    using the Park DuValle site as a case study, this dissertation will provide
(1) an analysis of the social, economic, and political processes that gave rise
to conditions of distress in Cotter-Lang Homes [the public housing project that
was demolished to make way for Park DuValle] and its surrounding community, and
(2) an assessment of the Park DuValle HOPE VI revitalization's effectiveness in
remedying these conditions.



    Abstract, Distressed Public Housing and HOPE VI Revitalization: An Analysis
of Park DuValle in Louisville, Kentucky (2003) (unpublished thesis sponsored by
HUD's Office of University Partnerships), available at
http://www.oup.org/scholar/hanlon.html (last updated Aug. 28, 2003); see also
U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urb. Dev., About OUP, at
http://www.oup.org/about/about.html (last updated Apr. 25, 2003). HUD has also
recognized that:



    The crucial role that America's institutions of higher education can play in
rebuilding communities large and small, HUD established the Office of University
Partnerships (OUP) in 1994 to encourage and expand the efforts of institutions
of higher education that are striving to make a difference in their communities
through funding opportunities. Whether the institution has a venerable history
of reaching out to lower income neighborhoods or is just beginning to explore
the potential of such partnerships, OUP can help increase the scope,
effectiveness, and sustainability of its community-building efforts.



    Id.





n417.  See Miller, supra note 412, at 1280-83 (discussing the factors leading up
to the current approach to the affordable housing issue).





n418.  See Hecht, supra note 305, at 5 (discussing the evolving role of
nonprofit organizations in affordable housing development during the 1980s and
1990s).





n419.  For example, the McKinney Act Homeless program, 42 U.S.C. 11301 (2002),
funds homeless shelters operated by nonprofit agencies; the HOME program, 42
U.S.C. 12771 (2000), provides assistance to community organizations; and the
Community Development Block Grant program, 42 U.S.C. 5303 (2000), permits
nonprofits to develop both rental and for sale housing. In addition, HUD has
made it easier for nonprofits to acquire multi-family buildings, FHA Multifamily
Procedures For Nonprofit Mortgagors Revised, 24 Current Devs. Hous. & Dev. Rep.
(BNA) 273 (1996); nonprofits operate programs under Housing for Persons With
AIDS ("HOPWA"), 42 U.S.C. 12901 (1992); HUD funds agencies that serve as
approved counseling and fair housing agencies, 42 U.S.C. 3616a (1994); and the
Low Income Housing Tax Credits program sets 10% of all credits are set aside for
groups partnering with non-profits, 26 U.S.C. 42 (2000).





n420.  See Robert A. Nasdor, Legal Support for Affordable Housing Development,
N.J. Law., Oct. 1993, at 24 (explaining that nonprofit organizations face
challenges because there is a general preference on the part of local government
agencies for working with for-profit developers).





n421.  Id.





n422.  Id.





n423.  Examples of such groups are the Enterprise Foundation and the Local
Initiatives Support Corporation ("LISC"). Nat'l Ass'n of Hous. & Redevelopment
Officials, About the NAHRO Access Alliance, at
http://www.nahro.org/access/alliance/about.cfm (last visited Mar. 7, 2004).



    Working with partners and a national network of more than 1,900 nonprofit
organizations in 700 locations, Enterprise [Foundation] provides low-income
people with affordable homes, safer streets and access to jobs and childcare...
Enterprise has raised and committed more than $ 3.5 billion in equity, loans and
grants to help build or renovate more than 120,000 homes."; "Headquartered in
New York City, LISC is the nation's largest community-building organization.
Since 1980, LISC has raised more than $ 4 billion from largely private-sector
sources for investment in community development initiatives. This investment has
leveraged another $ 6 billion in additional investment, helping more than 2,200
community nonprofits develop 110,000 quality homes, build 14 million square feet
of commercial and industrial space, and create 40,000 jobs. Through 38 local
urban program offices and in 68 rural communities, LISC is helping neighbors
build communities.



    Id; see also Ammann & Salsich, supra note 248, at 351. Additionally, HUD
maintains a section of its website with information for nonprofit organizations,
and Bennett Hecht's book provides a step-by-step description of the development
process for nonprofit organizations. Hecht, supra note 305, at 8-11; U.S. Dep't
of Hous. & Urb. Dev., Grantees / Non-profits, at
http://www.hud.gov/groups/grantees.cfm (last updated Nov. 6, 2003).





n424.  Ammann & Salsich, supra note 248, at 335.





n425.  Id. at 328-29.





n426.  Salsich, Welfare Reform, supra note 269, at 51-52.





n427.  Ammann & Salsich, supra note 248, at 346.





n428.  See, e.g., id. at 346-47 (explaining that affordable housing residents in
St. Louis County are provided with social workers to assist them with issues
such as transitional housing, mental health and substance abuse).





n429.  Id.





n430.  Id. at 335-36.





n431.  See Hecht, Developing Affordable Housing, supra note 305, at 602-26
(discussing the processes of developing a comprehensive management plan, setting
management standards, selecting and evaluating a management company).





n432.  Ammann & Salsich, supra note 248, at 352.





n433.  See Salsich, Welfare Reform, supra note 269, at 62-63. Salsich notes
that:



    the Ecumenical Housing Production Corporation (EHPC), a non-profit
corporation... [which] owns over 180 scattered-site single family units in St.
Louis County for Section 8 eligible families, [footnote omitted] ... [and
provides] a full range of management services, ... such as educational referral,
housekeeping and budgeting, counseling, daycare, family enrichment programs, job
training, and job internships... . $ 150-200 per month per unit is required for
the "holistic" aspects of its management activities.



    Id.; Swanger, supra note 193 (describing the difficulty in maintaining
funding and sporadic support for the public-housing based support services
offered by the Cambridge Housing Authority).





n434.  See, e.g., NYCHA, Fact Sheet, supra note 191 (explaining that the New
York City Housing Authority, which "is the largest public housing authority in
North America" with "181,000 apartments in 346 developments[,]" provides its
approximately "174,800 families and 418,834 authorized residents" with "a wide
variety of programs ... geared specifically to special age or special needs
groups such as children, teens, single-parents, seniors, substance abusers, and
victims of domestic violence, among others").





n435.  FitzPatrick, supra note 203, at 433-35.





n436.  A 1995 GAO study, based on a sample of data from 1989 and the results of
a 1995 HUD study, found that 35% of households receiving assistance had an
elderly head of household, and 13% of households receiving assistance had a head
of household who was disabled. U.S. Gen. Accounting Office, HUD-Assisted
Renters, RCED-95-167R, at 2-5 (1995), available at http://www.gao.gov.





n437.  See Ammann & Salsich, supra note 248, at 335-38.





n438.  See Haege, supra, note 365.





n439.  The mortgage interest deduction, 26 U.S.C. 163(h)(3)(A) (2002), and the
exclusion from gross income of the gain from the sale of a primary residence (up
to $ 250,000 for individuals and $ 500,000 for married couples), 26 U.S.C. 121
(a) (2002), are major tax subsidies available to homeowners.





n440.  The annual returns on real estate from 1926 to 1996 outpaced the Dow
Jones Industrial Average. John F. Dorfman, How to Make $ 61 Million Slowly, Wall
St. J., Sept. 30, 1999, at C1.





n441.  See generally Oliver & Shapiro, supra note 69, at 108-09 (explaining that
"home equity represents the largest share of accumulated wealth"); Harris, supra
note 5, at 2 ("Owning a home can be a great core investment ... providing
substantial returns for a number of years, not just during ... hot markets.").





n442.  JCHS, supra note 39, at 26 ("Excluding the elderly, the homeownership
rate among lowest-income households would be just 33 percent.").





n443.  See id. at 24-28 (describing the economic hardships faced by the
low-income community making it difficult for those who do not own homes to
accumulate savings and making those who do own homes vulnerable to losing them).





n444.  The term comes from a practice that banks and other mortgage lenders had
in drawing a red line around certain neighborhoods where they refused to make
loans. See Bill Dedman, The Color of Money: Atlanta Blacks Losing in Home
Scramble; Banks, S&Ls Favor City's White Areas by Margin of 5-1, Atlanta J. &
Const., May 1, 1988, at 1, available at http://powerreporting.com/color/color of
money.pdf. Dedman explains that:



    Redlining is an illegal practice of refusing to lend in certain
neighborhoods on the basis of race, ethnic composition or any other standards
other than creditworthiness. The definition comes from the alleged practice of
drawing a red line on a map around certain neighborhoods to designate them as
off limits.



    Id.; Glenn B. Canner & Dolores E. Smith, Expanded HMDA Data on Residential
Lending: One Year Later, Fed. Reserve Bull., Nov. 1992, at 801-24A
(demonstrating that the practice of redlining was a nationwide problem).
Although "redlining" is no longer openly practiced, there continues to be
concern about mortgage approval practices and discrimination in lending. See,
e.g., Stephen L. Ross & John Yinger, The Color of Credit (2002) (analyzing
minority-white loan approval data and revealing patterns that are not justified
on business grounds).





n445.  Dannielle Gordon, 'White Flight' Taking Off in Chicago Suburbs, Chi.
Rep., Dec. 1997 ("Mimicking the patterns of segregation that shaped Chicago,
whites in the inner-ring suburbs with growing African American populations are
fleeing these areas for towns and villages beyond Cook County... . Trends
identified by the Reporter... reflect what Chicago's neighborhoods experienced
long ago: When blacks move in, whites move out."), available at
http://chicagoreporter.com/1997/12-97/1297main.htm; see also U.S. Census Bureau,
Racial and Ethnic Residential Segregation, supra note 68, at 3-4 (noting that
African Americans are still the most residentially segregated racial group in
the United States despite declining segregation since 1980).





n446.  See Abraham Bell & Gideon Parchomovsky, The Integration Game, 100 Colum.
L. Rev. 1965, 1993 (2000) (discussing the phenomenon of "resegregating"
neighborhoods and proposing measures that would support racial integration).





n447.  Oliver and Shapiro's study of race and wealth inequality shows a strong
link between state policy, increasing suburbanization, and the perpetuation of
racial and wealth disparities. Oliver & Shapiro, supra note 69, at 16, 37-45. In
particular, they discuss how specific policies of the Federal Housing Authority,
the Social Security Administration, and the Internal Revenue Service have
exacerbated racial and economic inequality. Id. at 38-45.





n448.  The top 20% of households in the United States measured by income own
more wealth than the bottom 80% combined. United States Census Bureau, Net Worth
and Asset Ownership of Households: 1998 and 2000, at tbl. C (2003), available at
http://www.census.gov/prod/2003pubs/p70-88.pdf.





n449.  Oliver & Shapiro, supra note 69, at 32.



    Most people use income for day-to-day necessities. Substantial wealth, by
contrast, often brings income, power, and independence. Significant wealth
relieves individuals from dependence on others for an income, freeing them from
the authority structures associated with occupational differentiation that
constitute an important aspect of the stratification system in the United
States.



    Id.





n450.  See Reginald Leamon Robinson, Poverty, the Underclass, and the Role of
Race Consciousness: A New Age Critique of Black Wealth/White Wealth and American
Apartheid, 34 Ind. L. Rev. 1377, 1403-04 (2001) (comparing the ability of blacks
and whites to gain equity and to "ensure educational opportunities for their
children").





n451.  See Oliver & Shapiro, supra note 69, at 108-09 (explaining that "home
equity represents the largest share of accumulated wealth").





n452.  See Michael Lollar, Lewis Shares Knowledge of Route Out of Poverty,
Commercial Appeal, Mar. 28, 1999, at F7. But see Dan Nnamdi Mbulu, Affordable
Housing: How Effective are Existing Federal Laws in Addressing the Housing Needs
of Lower Income Families?, 8 Am. U.J. Gender Soc. Pol'y & L. 387, 394 (2000)
(arguing that public housing provides a long-term solution to homelessness).





n453.  See, e.g., Lollar, supra note 452, at F7 (providing residents' accounts
of their experiences in buying their own homes). But see Mbulu, supra note 452,
at 394 (arguing that public housing provides a long-term solution to
homelessness).





n454.  CDBG funds can be used for down payment assistance for low income home
buyers. Nat'l Low Income Hous. Coalition, Community Development Block Grants
(CDBG), at http://www.nlihc.org/advocates/cdbg.htm (last visited Mar. 7, 2004).





n455.  See Nat'l Low Income Hous. Coalition, America's Neighbors: The Affordable
Housing Crisis and the People it Affects 10 (2004) [hereinafter NLIHC] (exposing
the housing crisis among extremely low, very low and low income people),
available at http://www.nlihc.org/research/lalihd/neighbors.pdf; see also Sheila
Crowley, Testimony Before the House Comm. on Fin. Servs., Subcomm. on Hous. &
Cmty. Opportunity (June 17, 2003), available at
http://www.nlihc.org/press/pr061703.html.





n456.  See NLIHC, supra note 455, at 1.





n457.  42 U.S.C. 1437l (1996) (repealed 1998).





n458.  National Affordable Housing Act, 1992 Act amendments, tit. I, Subtitle D,
164, 106 Stat. 3723 (1992); 42 U.S.C. 12899 (2000).





n459.  HZI grants and loan guarantees were awarded in 1996 and 1997 to assist in
construction of homes, homeownership counseling and other services near major
employment centers. U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urb. Dev., Homeownership Zones
Initiative (Hoz), at http://www.hud.gov/progdesc/homezone.cfm (last updated Dec.
5, 2000). No funds have been awarded through this program since Fiscal Year
1997. Id.





n460.  HUD provides funds through HHI, or SHOP ("Self-Help Homeownership
Opportunity Program") for land and infrastructure improvements for low income
families. 42 U.S.C. 12805 (d) (2) (2000).





n461.  See supra notes 368-416 and accompanying text.





n462.  Salsich, Focus on: Urban America, supra note 249, at 135 n.226.



    The Homeownership and Opportunity for People Everywhere (HOPE) program,
enacted in 1990, is the centerpiece of the federal government's efforts to
provide home-ownership opportunities for low-income persons. The program
authorizes loans, grants and other financial and technical assistance to help
low-income residents form cooperative associations and acquire title to
publicly-and privately-owned assisted housing units.



    Id.; see also Pub. L. 101-625, tit. IV, 104 Stat. 4079, 4148-80 (1990)
(codified at 42 U.S.C. 1437aaa (2000)). Six HOPE programs exist: HOPE I, public
and Indian housing homeownership, 42 U.S.C. 1437aaa-1 to aaa-8 (2000); HOPE II,
ownership of multifamily units, 42 U.S.C. 12871-12800 (2000); HOPE III,
homeownership of single family homes, 42 U.S.C. 12891-12898 (2000); HOPE IV, job
opportunities for low-income young adults in housing construction and
rehabilitation ("Youthbuild"), 42 U.S.C. 12899-12899g (2000); HOPE V,
demonstration program to test the effectiveness of combining Section 8 housing
assistance with support services to assist frail elderly persons with
independent living, 42 U.S.C. 8012 (2000); and HOPE VI, competitive grants to
fund innovative local programs to recast severely distressed public housing
projects into economically and racially integrated communities, 42 U.S.C.A.
14371 (1996) (repealed 1998). "Severely distressed public housing has one or
more of the following conditions: distressed families, high crime rates in the
surrounding neighborhoods, barriers to effective management, and deteriorated
buildings." Salsich, Focus on: Urban America, supra note 249, at 135 n.226
(citing Nat'l Comm'n, supra note 50, at B-2).





n463.  U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urb. Dev., Hope VI, at
http://www.hud.gov/offices/pih/progr ams/ph/hope6/about/description.cfm (last
updated Apr. 3, 2002).





n464.  Housing Research Found., HOPE VI: What's New?, at http://www.housingrese
arch.org/hrf/hrfhome.nsf/FSHomeHope?OpenFrameSet (last visited Feb. 1, 2004).





n465.  See Habitat for Humanity Int'l, A Brief Introduction to Habitat for
Humanity International, at http://www.habitat.org/how/tour/1.html (last visited
Feb. 1, 2004).





n466.  Id.





n467.  Id.





n468.  Habitat for Humanity Int'l, Strategy in Action: Annual Report of FY2002,
at http://www.habitat.org/giving/report/2002 (last visited Feb. 28, 2004); see
also Habitat for Humanity Int'l, Fiscal Year 2002 Financial Statements 3-4
(2002) [hereinafter Habitat, Fiscal Year 2002], available at
http://www.habitat.org/giving/report/2002/HFHI FY2002Financials.pdf.





n469.  Habitat, Fiscal Year 2002, supra note 468, at 12.





n470.  Mark Lassman-Eul, Sweat Equity: Labor of Hope, Investment for Tomorrow,
Habitat World, Aug.-Sept. 2001, at 1 ("A Habitat homeowner, by being on site
with a diversity of new friends and neighbors, has the chance to connect with
the community in powerful ways. People work together to move outside of their
comfort zones, cross traditional dividing lines within a community and shatter
stubborn stereotypes."), available at
http://www.habitat.org/hw/aug-sept01/feature1.html.





n471.  See id.; see also Hard Work Yields More Than Houses, Habitat World,
Aug.-Sept. 2001, available at
http://www.habitat.org/hw/aug-sept01/feature2.html.





n472.  See Lassman-Eul, supra note 470.





n473.  See Habitat for Humanity Int'l, True Stories, at
http://www.habitat.org/true (last visited Mar. 8, 2004).





n474.  In their book on homeownership, Retsinas and Belsky assembled a group of
research papers examining such questions as whether low income homeowners are
better off than renters, and whether homeownership is better for families and
for the neighborhood. The researchers conclude, with grand caveats, that
homeownership is better, and the federal government, the mortgage industry, and
local governments should persevere in their efforts to bridge the gap in
homeownership between lower income and upper income families. Low-Income
Homeownership: Examining the Unexamined Goal 11 (Nicolas P. Retsinas & Eric S.
Belsky eds., 2002).





n475.  Bush, supra note 367, at 1-2; see David E. Sanger, Bush Calls Transformed
Area a Model Program for Housing, N.Y. Times, June 18, 2002, at A20 (noting that
Bush described a once-blighted neighborhood of Atlanta as a model for government
efforts to help 5.5 million black and Hispanic families purchase homes in the
next eight years).





n476.  See U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urb. Dev., 2003 Homeownership Month Archives,
at http://www.hud.gov/initiatives/homeownership/archives.cfm (last updated Oct.
14, 2003).





n477.  HUD, Blueprint for the American Dream, supra note 18, at 2-3.





n478.  See, e.g., supra notes 368-416 and accompanying text (discussing HOPE
VI).





n479.  See supra notes 346-367 and accompanying text (discussing Mixed Finance
Development).





n480.  See, e.g., supra notes 368-416 and accompanying text (discussing HOPE
VI).





n481.  Individual Development Accounts ("IDAs") were proposed in 1991 as a way
to reform welfare policy to permit welfare recipients to accumulate assets.
Michael Sherraden, Assets and the Poor: A New American Welfare Policy 23 (1991).





n482.  See 24 C.F.R. 92.602. The American Dream Downpayment Initiative ("ADDI")
was signed into law on Dec. 16, 2003. ADDI authorizes up to $ 200 million
annually for fiscal years 2004-07 for downpayment assistance under the HOME
program.





n483.  Bush, supra note 367, at 7 (highlighting White House support for the
Single Family Low Income Housing Tax Credit and other home ownership
initiatives). The Community Development Tax Credit Act was introduced by Senator
Kerry in April 2003. See Senator John Kerry, Statement Upon the Introduction of
S 875, the Community Development Homeownership Tax Credit Act (Apr. 10, 2003),
available at http://www.novoco.com/Legislations/Policy Correspondence/Kerry
Statement S875. pdf.





n484.  Stockton Williams, Vice President of Pub. Pol'y, Enterprise Found.,
Testimony before the U.S. Dep't of Hous. & Urb. Dev., Subcomm. on Veterans
Affairs, Hous. & Urb. Dev., and the Indep. Agencies Comm. on Appropriations
(Apr. 4, 2003), available at
http://www.enterprisefoundation.org/resources/policyinfo/federal/federalpublicpo
licy/testimony/Testimony 2004budget.htm.





n485.  See supra note 93 and accompanying text (describing the adverse effect
that promotion of low income homeownership can have on renters who are not able
to close the affordability gap).





n486.  See Vice Pres. Al Gore, A National Commitment to Community Development,
Shelterforce Online, Iss. 74 (Mar./Apr. 1994), at
http://www.nhi.org/online/issues/74/go re.html.





n487.  See, e.g., supra note 140 and accompanying text (discussing the success
of the Section 8 rental program).





n488.  See Bush, supra note 367, at 1-2.





n489.  See supra notes 189-197 and accompanying text (discussing the management
challenges posed by the many social and economic needs of the low income
community); see also Michael Winerip, H.U.D. Scandal's Lesson: It's a Long Road
From Revelation to Resolution, N.Y. Times, July 22, 1990, 4, at 20 (discussing
the aftermath of the HUD scandals in the late 1980s).





n490.  See Communications Workers of Am., Living Wage Campaign: Every Worker
Deserves a Home (July 2003), at http://www.cwa-union.org/news/CWANewsDispla
y.asp?ID=1268.





n491.  See Dep't of Education, Impact of Inadequate School Facilities on Student
Learning, at
http://www.ed.gov/offices/OESE/archives/inits/construction/impact2.html (last
updated Apr. 3, 2000).





n492.  HUD, Blueprint for the American Dream, supra note 18, at 4.





n493.  Rob Portman, Affordable Housing a Cornerstone of Healthy Neighborhoods,
Nation's Building News Online, July 28, 2003, at http://www.nbnnews.co
m/NBN/issue s/2003-07-28/Housing+Forum/2.html.





n494.  See id.





n495.  Enterprise Foundation, Community Solutions: Nonprofit Housing Developers'
Successful Use of Federal Programs, (June 1995), available at
http://www.enterprisefoundation.org/policy/monographs/pubpol3.asp.





n496.  See id.





n497.  See supra notes 189-197.


                             993 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 8, 2016 Tuesday

Walz, panelists discuss affordable housing shortages

BYLINE: Hannah Yang, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 565 words


March 08--AUSTIN -- Politicians. administrators and city officials gathered
Monday in Austin to address a universal problem in the region, a shortage of
affordable housing.

First District Congressman Tim Walz, D-Minn,, hosted the Workforce Housing
Summit in Austin's Holiday Inn, where about 100 people came together seeking
solutions for workforce housing shortages in southeastern Minnesota.

"The need for housing is so acute, that it has become a bipartisan issue," said
Mary Tingerthal, Commissioner of Minnesota Housing. "It doesn't matter how you
vote ... affordable housing is in short supply."

The summit featured two panels that discussed the issues leading to a lack of
affordable housing. Some addressed the challenges of rural communities drawing
interest from private developers as well as securing public funding for
projects.

"Not all sources view the region as a whole as an economic engine and may not
see the town 20 miles away as a center. ; That's a challenge," said Jenny Larson
of Three Rivers Community Action. "We need to be frank about it. It's easier to
do a project in Rochester than it is to do one in Spring Valley."

Research conducted by the Minnesota Partnership for Housing revealed that no
county in the entire state had a sufficient supply of rental housing for
extremely low income renters. For a quarter of the state, only 30 units were
available and affordable for every 100 ELI renters.

Albert Lea City Manager Chad Adams also noted that a shortage of affordable
housing led to many residents commuting significantly longer distances because
jobs and housing weren't in close proximity of one another.

Between 2009 and 2014, 25 percent of Minnesota's counties had no new affordable
housing units permitted in multi-family buildings, and another quarter had fewer
than 20 units permitted. Most of the housing units constructed were concentrated
in the Twin Cities and larger cities in Greater Minnesota..

Among southeastern Minnesota counties, Mower County has seen the second-largest
increase in median rent since 2000. Rent has increased 35 percent after
adjusting for inflation. Between 2009 and 2013, the median rent in the county
was $695. Olmsted County ranked among the lowest increases, at 6 percent,
however, the median rent was $796, according to the Minnesota Partnership for
Housing.

As of 2015, there are only 29 affordable and available housing units for every
100 extremely low-income renters in Mower County.

A number of Austin city officials attended the housing summit, including City
Administrator Craig Clark and Mayor Tom Stiehm. In Austin, affordable housing
become a growing problem. Only six homes were built within the last year, Stiehm
said.

"We have needs to address and are hopefully working toward solutions," he
said."It's a lot easier to build homes in Rochester, now we have to entice
private sectors to come to Austin."

Vision 2020 Director Greg Siems said that affordable housing shortages have
multiple different layers that organizations can target in finding solutions.

"Affordable housing wasn't one of Vision 2020's main core missions, but economic
development and housing go hand in hand," Siems said. "We spoke about increasing
collaborations between organizations and cities to start those conversations."

___ (c)2016 the Post-Bulletin Visit the Post-Bulletin at www.postbulletin.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160308-RC-Walz-panelists-discuss-affordable-housing
-shortages-0308-20160308

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2016 Post-Bulletin


                             994 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Odessa American (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 29, 2016 Friday

Town hall addresses 87th Street

BYLINE: Corey Paul, Odessa American, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1092 words


Jan. 29--A town hall meeting organized to address an affordable housing project
planned along the 87th Street thoroughfare focused more on broader anxieties
some residents feel about living in one of the fastest growing areas of Odessa.

District 4 Councilman Mike Gardner said he sought the town hall to address
residents' concerns voiced in emails and Facebook chatter that included worry
about property values and the effects of increased activity in the area, such as
more crime. About a dozen residents of the area attended the meeting Thursday
evening at Barbara Jordan Elementary.

None of the attendees brought up concerns about property values. Some brought up
property crime in the Lawndale and Northpark neighborhood, while others asked
about traffic and emergency services and how the city is planning for not just
the affordable housing project but other residential building in the area.

"What if people don't want retail out here?" asked Ginger Lasseter, a resident
nearby on 92nd Street. "I have no problems driving 10 minutes into town to go to
the store. I moved out here to get away from the city. The traffic. The trash.
Everything."

Lasseter said when she moved to the area more than five years ago, she knew her
new home remained in the city limits, but it was a much quieter neighborhood
away from bustling 42nd Street.

And 87th Street has rapidly changed. Hundreds moved to the area in the recent
years. A retail strip cropped up, with more growth planned.

"We can't just stop growing because of where we are at," Gardner said at one
point during the meeting, while relating to some of the growing pains like
increased traffic. "I want this area out here to be a nice area for us all to
live in."

Officials with the Odessa Housing Finance Corporation attended to answer
questions about the roughly 48-acre neighborhood of affordable housing planned
to be built  beside a new retail strip in the 1000 block of the increasingly
busy corridor. They were joined by top city officials including the city
manager, a second councilman, the police chief and various department heads.

Plans for the affordable housing project include retail space, apartments, a
senior center, townhomes and single-family housing that developers say will
offer housing to an array of workers whose earnings make it difficult to live in
Odessa. The developers are the Odessa Housing Finance Corporation and
Austin-based Delphi Affordable Housing Group.

Odessa Housing Finance Corporation's Executive Director Jill Miller laid out a
case for why the project is needed in Odessa. The tax-credited units in the
building would serve people who make $23,000 to $36,540 a year. Meanwhile, 63
percent of the renter population earns less than $40,000 per year in a rental
market where less than 10 percent of rental housing is affordably priced.

Miller also argued the complex would "look better than any apartment complex in
this town," adhering to strict standards and with amenities that include walking
trails, gardens and parks that the surrounding community could also use.

"What you need to understand is that the people that qualify for this are people
that we all know, that we all probably work with," Miller said. "It's people
that are teachers, teachers' aides, firefighters, police officers that have just
come out of school. People aren't making the same money in the oilfield that
they were making. It's a lot of oilfield workers. It's not people who don't
work. These are working citizens that we all work with."

For now, there is no clear start date for breaking ground on the affordable
housing community, Miller said.

As managers of the project planned for construction, the Ector County
Independent School District in December decided not to follow through with their
declared intent to sign a lease in the apartment portion of the project for
about 60 teachers.

Instead, the ECISD board bought the former Gulf Building at 909 W. Second St.,
gaining 31 units in addition to the 16 suites at the Barbara Chancellor House
that the district also owns.

"We weren't trying to leave them hanging or anything, but we are dealing with
taxpayers' money and we have to make sure we are best utilizing that money,"
Superintendent Thomas Crowe said. ". . . (We were) not sure of, first of all,
when it's going to be built and completed, and we had a chance to purchase some
property where the rooms were already there that we could put our teachers in
seemed like a better deal to me. And our board agreed. They agreed to purchase
the property."

Nonetheless, Miller said losing the school district meant the Odessa Housing
Finance Corporation had to scale down the apartments to 238 units, and in turn,
that means officials at the non-profit had to get new approval from governmental
agencies backing supporting the project. The city council approved the project
last summer.

Lasseter said she came specifically with the 87th Street affordable housing
project in mind; not because of fears officials sought with facts to allay like
lower property values or crime, but rather because she worries about further
congestion on the roads and in the nearby schools in an area.

But she also asked about a fire station she said the area needs (and City
Manager Richard Morton replied that the area is one of two city officials
consider as the city grows).

Other residents attending also asked about future growth. City administrators
pointed to work they are doing to improve the area, such as widening 87th Street
to five lanes.

The growth of the 87th Street area dovetailed an oil boom and a surging demand
for places to live, and it followed a sewer line laid by the city that opened
thousands of acres up for development.

One developer is planning a residential development on more than 100 acres and
commercial development on another smaller portion of land.

On Tuesday, the city council approved zoning requests from 87th Street Partners,
a holding company for Betenbough Homes, which included about more than 19 acres
of retail, more than 16 acres of multi-family housing and more than 34 acres of
single family housing coming to the area sometime in the future.

"Did we anticipate it would grow this quickly?" Morton said. "We hoped that it
would. . . It's a beautiful community out here, and we need to catch up with
some of the infrastructure."

Contact Corey Paul on Twitter @OAcrude on Facebook at OA Corey Paul or call
432-333-7768.

___ (c)2016 the Odessa American (Odessa, Texas) Visit the Odessa American
(Odessa, Texas) at www.oaoa.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160129-OD-Town-hall-addresses-87th-Street-0129-20160129

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OD


                         Copyright 2016 Odessa American


                             995 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 4, 1981, Friday, Final Edition

HUD Aides Warn Cuts Could Mean Riots at Projects;
HUD Officials Warn Spending Cuts Could Cause Riots at Projects

BYLINE: By Spencer Rich and Sandra Evans Teeley, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: First Section; A1

LENGTH: 928 words


In one of the Reagan administration's biggest internal budget blowups so far,
officials in the Department of Housing and Urban Development have roundly
denounced new spending cuts proposed by the president's budget office, saying
"there is simply no way to disguise this attempt to 'balance the budget on the
backs of the poor.' "

The officals, in a draft appeal of the proposed cuts prepared for HUD Secretary
Samuel R. Pierce Jr., warned that some of them, in public housing programs,
could lead to "rent strikes, riots, vandalism and irreparable damage to
projects," as well as "litigations, bankruptcy and receivership" in some
instances.

Sources said the draft language, including the references to riots and balancing
the budget "on the backs of the poor," was later toned down by Pierce and aides
before the appeal was sent on to the White House. The precise final language was
not immediately known, but the sources said some of the most inflammatory
statements in the draft were altered.

The draft appeal says other contemplated budget cuts, including some in programs
that provide housing to the elderly or mortgages in rural areas, are simply
foolish politically.

"The political support for a number of these beneficiary groups is incredibly
strong, and it is foolish to antagonize organizations which would normally be
strong supporters of the administration by engaging in a battle where the
political losses will inevitably be far greater than any foreseeable outlay
savings," the department wrote in its draft.

In a reference that was subsequently deleted, the appeal said other proposals by
the Office of Management and Budget are "offensive and juvenile." In its final
language, it describes still another OMB proposal as "an attempt to renege on
valid existing contracts and to try to reverse the government's valid commitment
to helping the very poor find decent housing."

OMB's proposed cuts in the HUD budget for fiscal 1983, which begins next Oct. 1,
have been leaking out for several days. They are among cuts the budget office is
proposing all across the government to reduce the projected deficit in the
spending plan the president will submit to Congress in January. Some experts say
that deficit will now exceed $100 billion.

The largest proposed cuts would be in the government's various subsidized
housing programs for the poor. These now cost more than $8 billion a year and
are the government's fastest growing and third largest welfare program, behind
Medicaid and food stamps.

These housing programs have steadily expanded over recent years; OMB has
proposed that this expansion be abruptly halted. It would also appreciably
increase the amount of rent that low-income families who receive this assistance
would have to pay.

New such reductions came to light in a summary of the OMB proposals and HUD's
appeal that leaked out yesterday. OMB would slash operating subsidies for public
housing from 75 percent of need in 1982 to 25 percent in 1983 and would require
local housing authorities to make up the difference by raising tenant rents.

Some 1.2 million households live in public housing projects. The government now
pays 75 percent of the operating or maintenance cost of these projects; the rest
comes mainly from rents. It is this government contribution OMB would cut back
to 25 percent.

OMB would also count food stamps in figuring the incomes of subsidized housing
tenants. Their rents are fixed percentages of their incomes; counting food
stamps as income would make them pay more.

The documents made available yesterday also indicate that OMB wants to cut far
more than previously disclosed from HUD's programs to provide mortgage money to
moderate-income families.

OMB proposes that the Federal Housing Administration insure mortgages only for
those families that cannot be served by the private mortgage insurance industry.
This is a proposal that the President's Commission on Housing had considered and
that the private insurers have been pushing for some time.

Even the private insurers, however, have not thought it would be possible to
make such a radical shift to the private sector all at once and have suggested a
more modest transition.

The minimum-level approach to FHA would "give a clear signal that this
administration intends to abandon the housing industry and ignore the plight of
young home buyers," the appeal said in response to the OMB proposal.

HUD already had proposed elimination of any new funds for construction of
low-income housing and wanted to start the process toward a substitution of
housing vouchers--grants to individual families--as the main federal housing
subsidy for the poor.

But OMB went a step further and wanted to shift to the voucher system about
200,000 apartments at about half the subsidy level given currently. HUD believed
that a tax-exempt financing plan it proposed for funding multi-family housing
construction would help offset the end of Section 8 construction, but OMB cut
that plan out too.

"At a time when the housing industry is at an all-time low, when construction
unemployment has reached depression levels, the OMB would eliminate current
housing programs without offering any alternative vehicle for providing
assistance," the appeal concluded.

OMB proposes not only to block further additions for low-income housing but to
rescind earlier budget authority for about 150,000 units. This way it actually
ends up with negative budget authority for the next four years and greatly
reduced outlays to make up for past obligations.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1981 The Washington Post


                             996 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                     August 18, 2001 Saturday Final EDITION

It's thumbs-up for builders across country

BYLINE: Marty Hope

SOURCE: Calgary Herald

SECTION: HOMES, Pg. HS05 Homes

LENGTH: 605 words


It's just one page in a larger report from Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp.
titled "Key factors and their effects on home building," and it pretty much
encapsulates what builders and consumers can expect over the next year and a
bit.

It lists 10 factors that will impact the national industry for this year and
next, has some short comments alongside each factor and has space on the
right-hand side for thumbs up or thumbs down.

Well, guess what! All the thumbs are pointing up right through the end of next
year. Here's what CMHC has to say about things:

- Mortgage rates -- Easing this year and staying low next year. Through the end
of 2002, one-year rates will be in the 6.5 to 7.5 per cent range, three-year
rates between seven and eight per cent, and five-year money will cost 7.25 to
8.25 per cent.

- Employment -- Past gains continue to fuel housing demand. Modest gains in 2001
and 2002. Look for slightly weaker job growth this year, followed by moderate
improvement next year as the economy continues to strengthen.

- Incomes -- Will benefit from tax cuts and wage gains. Combined with moderate
job growth, wage gains will mean a continuation of robust disposable income
growth this year and next. Add to that extra cash because of federal tax cuts.

- Net migration -- Higher in 2001, staying high in 2002. Alberta remains the top
destination for interprovincial migrants, followed by Ontario. With these two
provinces luring job seekers, migration to British Columbia will remain below
the largest gains in the first half of the 1990s.

- Household formation -- Should increase. As a result of improved net migration
and job and income gains, more individuals and families can afford to live
independently.

- Consumer confidence -- Consumers to remain optimistic. Volatile equity markets
and a slower national economy have produced some uncertainty, but have not
unduly dampened the mood of consumers. Spending should remain solid, given a
backdrop of rising disposable incomes and those tax cuts.

- Resale housing -- Homebuilding to benefit. Alberta, Ontario and Quebec will
see MLS sales records set. Coupled with this strong demand and, in some areas,
tight supply, builders will see some spillover buying occurring.

- Standing inventory -- Strong demand for housing in cities such as Calgary and
Toronto have reduced the level of spec housing that is available for purchasers
looking for short possession times. Builders are working to replenish their
stock.

- Vacancy rates -- Low and staying there. There doesn't appear to be much in the
way of relief for those looking for rental accommodation in most centres in
Canada. While increased multi-family construction is in the works for some
cities, rent rates generally won't support a major increase in units.

- Profits -- Prices headed up. There's no surprise here, although builders are
trying to hold down increases. Nationally, prices are expected to rise faster
than combined costs of labour and materials.

- - -

A new Web site designed to provide consumers with information they may require
when purchasing a home has received a national award.

The Canadian Home Builders Association's Web site NewHomesMonth.com recently
received the Best Web site Communications Award of Excellence from the Canadian
Society of Association Executives during ceremonies in Ottawa.

The award-winning Web site provides information about new homes, the home-buying
process, financial matters, as well as offering assistance in finding builders.

It is co-sponsored by the Bank of Montreal and GE Capital Mortgage Insurance
Canada.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business; Column

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             997 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                           January 17, 2009 Saturday
                                  1ST Edition

Wolf at the door;
Trailer park residents facing loss of homes to development

BYLINE: Patrick Gannon; Staff Writer

SECTION: JUMP; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1194 words


Retirees Ed and Betty Pope have spent a third of their days in the Circle B
Trailer Park off Market Street, creating 26 years of memories there.

Egg hunts in the backyard with their children and grandchildren. Cookouts.
Holiday gatherings.

The Popes live on a 100-by-100 lot, with plenty of distance from the neighbors.
And while they can sometimes hear the buzz of traffic on Market Street, the park
sits far enough off the road to offer quiet isolation.

"For a trailer park, it was paradise," Ed Pope said.

But now, to make room for an apartment complex planned on the property, the
Popes - and about two dozen other families and couples who live at Circle B -
might soon be told to move out. That's a daunting proposition for the Popes,
both in their late 70s, who live on a fixed income and spent their savings on
Mrs. Pope's recent illnesses.

"The only thing we have now is our Social Security coming in," she said. "We
have depleted all of (our savings) because of my hospital bills."

"And medicines," her husband added.

The owner of the 8-acre Circle B property, Circle Properties LLC, wants to build
a six-building, 144-unit apartment complex, Cardinal Crossing.

Last July, Circle B Properties and Biltmark Construction, the builder, sent
one-page letters to the residents informing them that the companies are
"exploring the possibility" of redeveloping the site.

"Many details remain to be worked out, but if we obtain the needed approvals,
and if the project is otherwise viable, you will be given notice to remove your
trailer from the premises," the letter stated, adding that their "best guess"
for that notice would be between June and September 2009.

"What are they going to do?" Ed Pope said. "Throw us out to the wolves?"

The next step for developers is to ask City Council to rezone the property from
regional business district to multi-family residential - medium high density. A
public hearing and vote are slated for the council's Feb. 3 meeting.

The project has the backing of Wilmington city planners, as well as the Planning
Commission, which unanimously endorsed it earlier this month.

Cardinal Crossing, developers say, would be the city's first example of
"workforce housing," through which 22 of the 144 one-bedroom units would have
rents tied to the area's median income. Wilmington has a well-documented
shortage of affordable housing.

David Carson, an agent for Circle Properties LLC, said the workforce housing
program would offer affordable rents to workers who earn between 60 percent and
120 percent of the area's median income, such as firefighters, police officers,
teachers and nurses.

"That is a segment that is usually forgotten when it comes to having any kind of
assistance," Carson said. "We're fortunate, or excited really, that this is the
first and only program that the city of Wilmington has on the table right now."

The city's Future Land Use Plan identifies areas such as trailer parks as
important redevelopment sites because commercial or more efficient residential
uses generate more property tax dollars. Plus, redevelopment under newer
development guidelines typically results in more attractive landscapes. With the
city more than 95 percent built out and few new development opportunities
remaining, the focus is switching to redevelopment, with trailer parks as
potential targets. According to a land-use survey by the city's long-range
planning staff in August 2008, the city contained 184 single lots with mobile
homes on them, plus 32 mobile home parks.

Soon, it could be 31.

Circle B residents understand that their days there are numbered. For them, the
biggest question now is whether Cardinal Crossing developers will help them find
another place or offer financial help to move or dispose of their trailers.
Residents said it could cost thousands of dollars to move their homes or
properly dispose of them. And most of the trailers in Circle B, because of their
age, might not be allowed in other trailer parks, many of which don't have
vacancies anyway, residents said.

The Popes wondered whether they could just leave their home behind. Built in
1983, their trailer is too old to move elsewhere.

"What are you going to do with it? Nobody wants it," Ed Pope said.

Developers haven't yet answered that question.

Carson said they planned to give residents as much advance notice as possible
before requiring them to move, but the development process is uncertain, so an
exact time line isn't known. He said he is available to answer residents'
questions and is talking with Circle Properties about other ways to help them,
such as finding them new housing.

As for aid moving or disposing of trailers, nothing has been decided.

"Assistance is definitely something we're talking about," Carson said. " Several
things are on the table."

Circle B residents Doug Hardwick and Charlotte Canaday, who have lived there for
14 years, knew the property would be redeveloped eventually. But they've spent a
lot of money updating their trailer, with sliding glass doors that lead to a
back deck, a tile floor in the kitchen and other amenities.

They also don't believe moving the trailer is an option for them.

"We don't have much, but it's good enough for us two," said Hardwick, 68. "We're
retired on a fixed income."

Added a teary-eyed Canaday: "Everyone knew it was going to happen, but no one
was prepared."

James Cook lives at Circle B with his wife and owns five trailers at the park.
He said he plans to contact City Council members about the residents' fears.

"I'm terrified that we're not going to have any options," he said. "I'm
terrified that we're going to have to walk away and leave our homes here."

The Popes have already looked into moving into a senior apartment complex and
have filled out an application. They're starting to pack their belongings and
trying to sell some possessions, knowing they won't fit where they're going
next.

Simultaneously, Cardinal Crossing plans are moving forward. The project received
unanimous support from the Planning Commission at its meeting this month. But
commissioner Pete DeVita urged Carson to compensate the residents in some
fashion "if you can find it in your budget to help them out."

"I think you're doing a wonderful project," DeVita said. "I just hate to see
people uprooted in this economy and having to move their mobile homes because
it's difficult to find places for them ... especially in this county."

Meanwhile, developers hope the City Council will rezone the property in early
February.

"The city's goal is to redevelop the site," Carson said. "We're trying to do
that in the best fashion possible, and it's just a great opportunity at this
time."

Stacey Humbles, 40, has lived at Circle B for 10 years with his wife, Shirley,
two sons and two dogs. They hope to buy a house and sell their trailer when the
time comes.

Humbles said he worries more about his older neighbors, especially in these
economic times.

"It's something with the economy the way it is, and all of a sudden going in the
toilet as bad as it did," he said. "I mean, I really, really hate to see what's
going to happen with a lot of these folks."

Patrick Gannon: 343-2328

patrick.gannon@starnewsonline.com

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             998 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        July 5, 1997 Saturday 2D EDITION

Arvada police, residents team to squeeze out crime

BYLINE: By Kieran Nicholson, Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-02

LENGTH: 671 words

ARVADA - Residents of the Parkview Village Apartments got the sense that a
suspected drug dealer operating in the complex was untouchable to authorities.

But that was before a pair of community police officers introduced a
crime-fighting program at the apartment house last year.

The man had allegedly dealt drugs for years at Parkview Village, and every time
patrol officers were called to the complex they couldn't catch him red-handed.

Then, armed with the Crime-Free Multi-Family Housing program, residents,
management and police worked together to rid the complex of the suspect, said
officer Pat Claar.

Community policing and the crime-free program, a partnership between apartment
complexes and police, is making a difference, he said.

By establishing ties with the residents and manager, authorities got a solid
tip.

The tipster phoned Claar because the community officer had become familiar with
the situation and the apartment residents. Claar was able to respond immediately
and rushed to Parkview from his nearby field office.

"He had his stuff (drugs) with him," said Claar.

Right after the dealer's arrest, he was evicted from the apartment complex. A
crime-free lease addendum that every resident of the complex signs made the
eviction simple and legal, supporters of the program said.

"When he was evicted, that gave us credibility," Claar said.

The alleged drug dealer is scheduled to appear in a Jefferson County court next
month.

Michaela DeLuca, resident manager at Parkview, said she has used the program to
evict more than a dozen tenants since it was introduced in early 1996.

"They were involved in everything from graffiti, to burglars, to drug activity,
to gang-related issues," DeLuca said.

In the year since joining the program, crime has been cut in half at Parkview,
she said.

What was once a troubled complex with a high rate of resident turnover and
vacancies now has a waiting list.

"People used to move on because of the problems that were here. Now we have a
waiting list of people begging to get in here," she said.

Parkview is a 96-unit complex mixing subsidized and open market rentals.

"I can't speak highly enough of the program," DeLuca said.

The three-step program brings police, management and residents together to
address crime in their neighborhoods.

In the first phase, managers take an eight-hour class that helps them identify
crime and advises them on steps they can take to combat it.

Phase two covers environmental design at the apartment complex. Police walk the
grounds with the manager and identify trouble spots - lighting should be bright,
graffiti removed, and the grounds neat.

Property that is cared for demonstrates that the manager and residents are
concerned about their homes, Claar said. A run-down property invites
troublemakers, he said.

"Quality housing attracts quality tenants," Claar said.

The third phase encourages residents to participate in an apartment watch
program.

When all three phases are complete, the complex can post crime-free signs
advertising that it has completed the program.

Community policing involves problem solving and community partnership.

"Part of our role is to be available to the people in the area who may feel
uncomfortable going to the police department," Claar said. "They tell us what is
going on. We have the time availability that officers tied to the radio don't
have."

Claar and his partner, Doug Hulse, are trying to expand the crime-free housing
program in the southeast section of the city, Arvada's most densely populated
and highest crime area.

A crime-free lease addendum lists specific criminal acts that, if committed on
the property, voids the rental lease.

The program also is in use at the Park Terrace Apartments, which is adjacent to
Parkview Village.

Crime there is down, said Melinda Salmans, who co-manages the property with her
husband, Paul.

"Police used to come out three to four times a day" in response to complaints,
she said. "Now, maybe once a month."

LOAD-DATE: July 07, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The Denver Post/Kent Meireis Arvada crime-free program officer
Doug Hulse confers with residents at the Park Terrace Apartments.

                        Copyright 1997 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             999 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 13, 2017 Friday

FR-5816-F-02 Requirements for Notification, Evaluation and Reduction of Lead-
Based Paint Hazards in Federally Owned Residential Property and Housing
Receiving Federal Assistance; Response to Elevated Blood Lead Levels

LENGTH: 22870  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Rule document was issued by the Department of Housing and
Urban Development (HUD)



  Action



 Final rule.

 Summary



 This final rule amends HUD's lead-based paint regulations to reduce blood lead
levels in children under age six (6) who reside in federally-owned or -assisted
pre-1978 housing, formally adopting a revised definition of "elevated blood lead
level" (EBLL) in children under the age of six (6), in accordance with Centers
for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) guidance. It also establishes more
comprehensive testing and evaluation procedures for the housing where such
children reside. This final rule also addresses certain additional elements of
the CDC guidance pertaining to assisted housing and makes technical corrections
and clarifications. This final rule, which follows HUD's September 1, 2016,
proposed rule, takes into consideration public comments submitted in response to
the proposed rule.



 Dates



 Effective Date: February 13, 2017.



 Compliance Date: July 13, 2017.

 For Further Information Contact



 Warren Friedman, Office of Lead Hazard Control and Healthy Homes, Department of
Housing and Urban Development, 451 7th Street SW., Room 8236, Washington, DC
20410; telephone number 202-402-7698 (this is not a toll-free number). Persons
with hearing or speech impairments may access this number through TTY by calling
the Federal Relay Service, toll-free at 800-877-8339.

 Supplementary Information

 Table of Contents



 I. Background



 A. HUD's Long-Term and Ongoing Efforts To Reduce Lead Poisoning in Children



 B. Authority for HUD's Lead-Based Paint Regulation



 II. Regulatory Approach



 A. Overview



 B. Changes Made at the Final Rule Stage



 C. Applicability of Civil Rights Laws



 III. Public Comments Submitted on Proposed Rule and HUD's Responses



 A. Overview of Public Comments



 B. Significant Public Comments and HUD's Responses



 1. Primary Prevention



 2. Resources Available



 3. Tenant Protections



 4. Coordination Between the Involved Parties



 5. Technical Concerns



 6. Landlord Exemptions



 7. Time Available To Complete Work



 8. Penalties for Noncompliance



 9. Future Changes in CDC Recommendations



 10. Timing of Implementation



 11. Other Issues



 C. Public Comments in Response to HUD's Questions



 III. Findings and Certifications



 A. Regulatory Review--Executive Orders 12866 and 13563



 B. Regulatory Impact Assessment



 C. Paperwork Reduction Act Statement



 D. Regulatory Flexibility Act



 E. Environmental Impact



 F. Executive Order 13132, Federalism



 G. Unfunded Mandates Reform Act

 I. Background

 A. HUD's Long-Term and Ongoing Efforts To Reduce Lead Poisoning in Children



 Childhood lead poisoning has long been documented as causing reduced
intelligence, low attention span, and reading and learning disabilities; it has
additionally been linked to juvenile delinquency, behavioral problems, and many
other adverse health effects. (1) Despite public health efforts successfully
reducing toxic lead exposure in children nationwide, blood lead monitoring
continues to reveal children with elevated blood lead levels due to exposure in
their specific housing environments. The Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention (CDC) has consistently affirmed its position that lead-based paint
and lead-contaminated dust are the most hazardous sources of lead for U.S.
children. (2) Over the past decade, HUD has dramatically reduced housing-based
lead exposure among children through lead paint abatement and interim controls.
(3) Nevertheless, a considerable number of children under age six (6) currently
reside in HUD-assisted housing units that contain lead-based paint.



 To address this issue, HUD issued a proposed rule on September 1, 2016, at 81
FR 60304, to revise HUD's Lead Safe Housing Rule (LSHR) by adopting the CDC's
guidance on when an environmental intervention should be conducted in response
to a child's blood lead level, thereby establishing HUD's definition of elevated
blood lead level (EBLL) as the level for which environmental intervention is
required in certain federally-owned and federally-assisted housing, among other
changes. This final rule considers public comments submitted on the September 1,
2016, proposed rule and defines "elevated blood lead level" (EBLL) as the level
at which the CDC recommends environmental intervention.

 B. Authority for HUD's Lead-Based Paint Regulation



 HUD's LSHR is codified in Title 24 of the Code of Federal Regulations (CFR)
part 35, subparts B through R. The LSHR implements sections 1012 and 1013 of the
Residential Lead-Based Paint Hazard Reduction Act of 1992, which is Title X of
the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992 (Pub. L. 102-550, approved
October 28, 1992); sections 1012 and 1013 are codified at 42 U.S.C. 4822.



 Under Title X, HUD has specific authority to control lead-based paint and
lead-based paint hazards in HUD-assisted housing that may have lead-based paint,
called "target housing."&thinsp; (4) The LSHR aims in part to ensure that
federally-owned or federally-assisted target housing is free of lead-based paint
hazards. Lead-based paint hazards are lead-based paint and all residential
lead-containing dusts and soils, regardless of the source of the lead, which,
due to their condition and location, would result in adverse human health
effects.



 HUD recognizes that there is no safe level of lead exposure. Consistent with
Title X and the LSHR, HUD's primary focus is on minimizing childhood lead
exposures, rather than on waiting until children have elevated blood lead levels
to undertake actions to eliminate lead-based paint hazards. HUD's Office of Lead
Hazard Control and Healthy Homes (OLHCHH) has spearheaded major efforts to that
end by taking actions feasible and authorized by law to reduce lead exposure in
children. (5)

 II. Regulatory Approach

 A. Overview



 This final rule revises HUD's criteria under the LSHR for responding to the
identification of children under age six (6) with high blood lead levels
residing in covered federally-assisted and federally-owned target housing. The
final rule also addresses lead hazard evaluation and control for additional
assisted housing units in the same properties as those in which children under
age six (6) with high blood lead levels have been discovered. The final rule
adopts an approach based on the previously codified LSHR, the CDC's reference
range value for blood lead levels in children under age six (6), (6) the HUD
Guidelines for the Evaluation and Control of Lead-Based Paint Hazards in Housing
(HUD Guidelines), HUD's experience implementing the LSHR since its 1999
promulgation, and public comments received on the September 1, 2016, proposed
rule.



 Specifically, under this final rule, when a child under age six (6) with an
EBLL is identified, the "designated party" and/or the housing owner shall
undertake certain actions. (7) This protocol is the same for each of the four
applicable HUD subparts (H, I, L, M), and slightly narrower for the subpart
covering other agencies (D), under which those agencies must decide how to treat
housing units in multi-unit properties other than the unit in which the child
with an EBLL resides. Figure 1 provides an overview of the protocol for
addressing EBLL cases in housing covered by the LSHR.



 Image #ER13JA17.000

 B. Changes Made at the Final Rule Stage



 This final rule follows publication of, and takes into consideration, public
comments received on the September 1, 2016, proposed rule. Based on that review,
HUD makes the following changes to the proposed rule at the final rule stage.
For some of those changes, the wording changes in multiple instances.



 1. In §§&thinsp;35.325(b)(2)(i), 35.730(f)(4)(i), 35.830(f)(3)(i),
35.1130(f)(4)(i), and 35.1225(f)(3)(i), HUD changes the requirements for other
assisted dwelling units covered by §§&thinsp;35.325(b)(1), 35.730(f)(1),
35.830(f)(1), 35.1130(f)(1), and 35.1225(f)(1), respectively, by clarifying that
they do not apply if the owner both conducted a risk assessment of those units
and the common areas servicing them and conducted interim controls of identified
lead-based paint hazards after the date the child's blood was last sampled.



 2. In §&thinsp;35.730(f)(1), regarding assisted units, other than the index
unit, with a child or children under age six (6), in a project-based assisted
property with a child or children under age six (6) with an EBLL in a household
for which the project-based rental assistance is up to $5,000 per year, and in
§&thinsp;35.1225(f), regarding units, other than the index unit, with a child or
children under age six (6), occupied by households receiving tenant-based rental
assistance, in a property with a child or children under age six (6) with an
EBLL in a household receiving tenant-based rental assistance, HUD revises the
proposed rule to require the designated party, i.e., the owner or, as discussed
in section III.B.10.h of this preamble, the public housing agency, HOME grantee
or subrecipient, or HOPWA grantee or sponsor, as applicable, to conduct a risk
assessment, (9) in accordance with methods and standards established either by a
state or tribal program authorized by the EPA, or by the EPA at 40 CFR
745.227(d) with procedures defined by the EPA--rather than a visual
assessment--of the other units for which the household receives tenant-based
rental assistance in the property, and interim controls of the lead-based paint
hazards identified by the risk assessment, using the proposed rule's schedule
for completion of lead-based paint hazard reduction activities.



 3. In §&thinsp;35.730(f)(2), HUD replaces the provision regarding paint
stabilization following a visual assessment with a provision regarding interim
controls following a risk assessment.



 4. HUD is not including in this final rule proposed §§&thinsp;35.730(g),
35.1130(g) and 35.1225(g), which contained language encouraging owners to
evaluate and control for sources of lead exposure other than those covered by
this subpart.



 5. In §&thinsp;35.1225(f)(1), HUD changes the reference to a "visual
assessment" to "risk assessment" and changes the cross-reference to the section
that describes procedures for such an assessment.



 6. In §&thinsp;35.1225(f)(2), HUD clarifies that the discussion concerns
"lead-based paint hazards" rather than "deteriorated paint" to emphasize
reduction of lead-based paint hazards rather than paint stabilization.



 7. In §&thinsp;35.1225(f)(3), HUD removes reference to visual assessment and
amends and adds language to clarify that the discussion is of "interim controls"
of "lead-based paint" rather than "deteriorated paint" and to emphasize
reduction of lead-based paint hazards rather than paint stabilization.



 Additionally, HUD takes this opportunity to make the following technical
corrections and conforming changes.



 1. In §&thinsp;35.105, HUD removes past effective dates and reserves the
section.



 2. In §&thinsp;35.110, HUD makes a technical correction to indicate the correct
section number for the Definitions section, and revises the definition of
"Certified".



 3. In §&thinsp;35.155(a), on minimum requirements for lead-based paint hazard
evaluation or reduction, HUD makes a technical correction by changing both
instances of "designated party or occupant" to "designated party or owner," in
order to identify correctly who may be required to conduct additional lead-based
paint hazard evaluation or reduction, beyond the minimum under the LSHR.



 4. In §§&thinsp;35.325(b)(1), 35.830(f)(3)(i), 35.1225(f)(1), and
35.1225(f)(3)(i), HUD makes a technical correction to grammar by replacing the
verb "serving" with the verb "servicing" in the first sentence.



 5. In §&thinsp;35.325(b)(1), HUD replaces the auxiliary verb "would" with the
auxiliary verb "shall," in the second sentence.



 6. In §&thinsp;35.325(b)(1), HUD adds language to clarify that the hazards
referenced in the third sentence are those identified in accordance with
§&thinsp;35.1325 or §&thinsp;35.1330. In §&thinsp;35.325(d), HUD clarifies that
the timetable referenced therein shall include provision of documentation on the
lead hazard evaluation and control activities to the agency.



 7. In §§&thinsp;35.730(a), 35.830(a), 35.1130(a), and 35.1225(a), the rule
discusses the requirements that apply if a public health department has already
conducted an evaluation of the dwelling unit. HUD revises the proposed rule to
state explicitly that in order to exempt the designated party from conducting an
environmental investigation, the public health department's evaluation must have
been conducted in response to the current case.



 8. In §§&thinsp;35.730(f)(2), 35.830(f)(2), 35.1130(f)(2), and 35.1225(f)(2),
HUD clarifies when lead-based paint hazard reduction is considered complete.



 9. In §&thinsp;35.730(f)(4), HUD clarifies when the requirements of paragraph
(f) do not apply.



 10. In §&thinsp;35.830(h), HUD clarifies that "clearance" is among the
deadline-driven activities covered by this section.



 11. In §&thinsp;35.1330(a)(4)(iii) on training requirements for interim control
workers and supervisors, which are applicable to some of the work conducted
under this rule, HUD makes a technical correction by replacing all references to
the defunct HUD course approval process, with references to the current EPA and
EPA-authorized state renovator course accreditation process.

 C. Applicability of Civil Rights Laws



 HUD notes that housing-based lead exposure has a disproportionate impact on
children of some racial and ethnic groups and those living in older housing.
(10) Lead hazard evaluation and control activities in federally-assisted and
federally-owned target housing are subject to the requirements of the applicable
civil rights laws, including the Fair Housing Act, as amended (and its
prohibition of discrimination on several bases, including, but not limited to,
race, disability, and familial status, including the presence of a child under
age of 18, or of a pregnant woman), Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964
(prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, color, and national origin),
Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 (prohibiting discrimination on the
basis of sex), and section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (prohibiting
discrimination on the basis of disability). Under this final rule, these and
other applicable Federal laws, and their associated HUD regulations and
guidance, which were incorporated into the current LSHR, continue to apply to
these activities without change.

 III. Public Comments Submitted on Proposed Rule and HUD's Responses

 A. Overview of Public Comments



 The public comment period for the September 1, 2016, proposed rule closed on
October 31, 2016. As of the close of the comment period, HUD received 62 public
comments, including one mass mailing. Comments and HUD's responses are
summarized below. All comments can be accessed at http://www.regulations.gov.



 The overwhelming majority of comments were supportive of the rule. Some
commenters, while supporting the rule, suggested ways that it could be improved.
In the comments received, the Department identified 378 distinct
recommendations. The Department thanks the commenters for their thoughtful
insights, and their efforts to improve the current LSHR. The commenters'
recommendations fell into 11 broad categories, discussed below. Many comments
addressed the four specific questions for comments HUD requested. Most
commenters (53) also had concerns about one or more technical issues in applying
and administering the LSHR.



 Although they presented a range of foci and approaches, commenters were nearly
unanimous in expressing their support for increasing the protection of America's
children from lead hazards, and the importance of aligning HUD's regulations
with the current science from the CDC. These sentiments are best summed up by a
comment submitted on behalf of the 13,765 individuals who signed a letter
circulated by the commenter that stated that they, "fully support [HUD's]
proposal to update the Lead Safe Housing Rule by lowering the threshold of lead
exposure to align with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's
recommendations and allow for HUD to move more quickly to protect children's
health. Given the risks, anything your agency can do to reduce lead exposure is
appreciated."

 B. Significant Public Comments and HUD's Responses

 1. Primary Prevention



 Comment: Almost half of the commenters (32) identified the importance of
primary prevention. Many recommended conducting a risk assessment in a unit
before a family with a child occupied the unit. Other commenters noted that
recent CDC-HUD research shows children in HUD-assisted housing already have
lower blood lead levels than children in comparable low-income housing. (11)
However, as the article notes, while the result provides a favorable assessment
of the benefits of HUD's assistance requirements and assistance monitoring
programs, the size of the study's filtered sample was not sufficiently large to
identify patterns within particular types of housing assistance.



 HUD Response: HUD has adopted the position of CDC and other federal agencies
that no amount of lead in a child's blood can be considered safe, (12) and that
primary prevention is critical to protecting America's children. However, it
must be noted that the primary purposes of this rulemaking are adopting the
revised definition of "elevated blood lead level" (EBLL) in children under the
age of six (6), and strengthening designated parties' or owners' responses in
cases where children with high blood lead levels reside in federally-assisted
and federally-owned target housing. Therefore, the currently codified LSHR's
primary prevention requirements associated with pre-occupancy activities and
ongoing lead-based maintenance programs not associated with EBLL cases in
federally-assisted and federally-owned target housing are outside the scope of
this rulemaking. The Department will consider addressing pre-occupancy
activities and ongoing lead-based maintenance programs in future rulemaking.

 2. Resources Available



 Comment: Almost half of the commenters (30) expressed a need for appropriate
resources for grantees to implement this rule correctly. Resources mentioned
included additional funding for environmental investigation and appropriate
training and technical assistance. Some commenters stated that, without these
additional resources, the rule could not be properly implemented, and encouraged
HUD to wait until such resources were available before implementing the rule.



 HUD Response: HUD is sensitive to the cost of implementation, especially in an
era of tightened budgets among grantees, state, local, and tribal governments,
and other federal assistance recipients-and in the face of competing priorities,
including those related to health of vulnerable populations, such as young
children. However, a delay in implementation to wait for potential additionally
appropriated resources could result in avoidable long-term harm to children in
federally-assisted and federally-owned target housing. Furthermore, as
calculated in the Regulatory Impact Assessment accompanying this rule, the
benefits of the rule outweigh the costs. One commenter said, regarding, "the
Regulatory Impact Assessment [that they] believe that it is a reasonable
estimate. If anything, we believe (as discussed in the RIA) that the benefits of
the proposed regulation are underestimated, because some benefits cannot be
quantified or monetized, such as avoided stress on parents and children. We also
believe that some costs are likely to be lower than those estimated by HUD,"
because, for example, HUD assumes the presence of only one child with EBLL in
each unit, when some units may have more.



 HUD will work with grantees and owners to identify ways in which this rule can
be implemented with as little burden as feasible, and how existing resources can
be directed to implementation, particularly in rural and underserved areas. HUD
will also provide training opportunities to assist in implementing the rule.



 Comment: Two commenters requested that public housing agencies be allowed to
compete for lead hazard control grants from HUD's Office of Healthy Homes and
Lead Hazard Control.



 HUD Response: Eligibility for that grant program is outside the scope of this
rulemaking However, HUD wishes to advise that public housing agencies, per Title
X, are eligible for those grants only if they are an agency of a unit of state
or local government. Similarly, housing units are eligible for enrollment under
a grant (and, thus for lead-based paint inspection and risk assessment, and, if
lead-based paint hazards are found, lead hazard control) only if they are target
housing and meet certain other qualifications, e.g., the housing does not
receive any federal housing assistance, or the family is receiving tenant-based
rental assistance, such as a housing choice voucher. The housing is ineligible
for enrollment in a lead hazard control grant if it is "federally assisted
housing, federally owned housing, or public housing."&thinsp; (13) The first of
these includes housing receiving project-based rental assistance, the second,
housing for which the mortgagee has defaulted on a federally-insured mortgage,
and the third, housing owned by a public housing agency.



 HUD has been reaching out to public housing agencies to encourage owners of
housing units in which the families receive a Housing Choice Voucher to enroll
those units in the lead hazard control grant (funded by the OLHCHH), whose
target area includes the location of the units. Because most families eligible
for this type of voucher have incomes which make them eligible for enrolling in
a lead hazard control grant, HUD has expedited the process for the grantees to
enroll them. HUD will continue to promote lead hazard control grantee-public
housing agency partnerships.

 3. Tenant Protections

 a. Anti-Retaliation Protections



 Comment: Many commenters (36) remarked on the need for protections for tenants.
Generally, these commenters were worried about possible "retaliation" or
"reprisal" against tenants and "blame shifting." Retaliation or reprisal meant,
as described by one commenter, the "loss of benefits, lease violations,
termination of assistance, or reporting to a child-welfare agency." Several of
these commenters suggested specifying in the rule that this type of retaliation
would be prohibited. They also suggested that HUD revise the rule to include an
anti-retaliation clause that would prohibit penalties if a child with an EBLL is
identified who is not included on the occupant list of the rental or assistance
agreement or contract. In addition, commenters proposed several family interview
methods to provide further protection to households.



 HUD Response: HUD already has regulations and policies in place that protect
families against retaliation by landlords and has determined that these policies
should be sufficient to protect tenants from discrimination and retaliation.
Under existing fair housing regulations, interviewers will be required to abide
by policies about limited English proficiency, which require HUD, its grantees,
and sub-grantees to make reasonable efforts to provide language assistance to
ensure meaningful access for persons with limited English proficiency to the
recipient's programs and activities.



 However, HUD cannot establish a policy that would negate regulations requiring
that every individual living in the household be listed on the lease. These
regulations are in place to prevent overcrowding, which is associated with its
own negative effects on children's well-being, including their health. (14) They
are also in place to ensure proper subsidy calculations and enforce lease
provisions. Ensuring these regulations and policies are appropriately integrated
with the implementation of the LSHR amendments will be addressed through program
management. Thus, in this rulemaking, HUD declines to adopt a provision
specifically prohibiting penalties if a child with an EBLL is identified who is
not included on the occupant list of the rental or assistance agreement or
contract.

 b. Relocation Protections



 Comment: Many commenters (18) offered recommendations about tenant relocation,
either permanently or while work was being done in their unit.



 HUD Response: HUD understands that relocation may be necessary in some
circumstances but it can also be very expensive for the designated party or
owner. Existing HUD regulations, policies and guidance on when relocation is
appropriate, including those in the currently codified LSHR, have already
considered these issues, and HUD was not presented with any evidence that
requires reopening those discussions. Thus, in this rulemaking, HUD declines to
adopt a provision specifically pertaining to tenant relocation.

 4. Coordination Between the Involved Parties

 a. Coordination Between HUD and Grantees



 Comment: Many commenters (36) addressed the proposed rule's reporting
requirements for property owners--specifically their requirements for reporting
EBLL discovery and responsive activities to their HUD field office and the
OLHCHH--from a variety of viewpoints. Some expressed concerns that reporting
would impose difficult burdens on public housing agencies and assisted private
owners. Many of these commenters provided helpful suggestions on methods to
reduce that burden. Some asked for increases in reporting. Others provided
helpful suggestions on mandates, penalties for noncompliance, and the importance
of public data profiles. One commenter asked HUD to clarify why public housing
authorities must contact both the field office and OLHCHH, instead of having the
field office contact OLHCHH.



 HUD Response: HUD is mindful of the need to minimize burdens on owners and
public housing authorities, the necessity of having appropriate information
received timely in order to ensure efficient and effective program
administration and monitoring, and the public's interest in open and transparent
government information and operation. HUD is also mindful that public health
authorities, HUD Field Offices, and the OLHCHH each have distinct roles in
addressing an EBLL case, and that time is often of the essence in fulfilling
those roles.



 The concurrent notification is necessary to ensure that the OLHCHH is aware of
the EBLL case timely and knows, upon receiving the notification, the same
information that has been provided to the Field Office without having to conduct
a verification, which would delay its ability to respond effectively to requests
for assistance from the Field Office and monitor the case. HUD also notes that
the concurrent notification was proposed for all LSHR subparts in the proposed
rule, a scope retained in this final rule, so that public housing authorities
are not being subjected to a different requirement than are owners who have this
case notification responsibility under certain LSHR subparts.



 Considering the necessary balancing of interests, potential future changes in
federal and local laws, and the rapid pace of technological advances in sharing
and reporting on data, HUD does not believe it is appropriate to be prescriptive
in codifying a particular notification process in regulation. Instead, HUD
retains the requirement as drafted in the proposed rule. Specific processes for
reporting EBLLs and actions taken will be developed, including an electronic
submission pathway. In developing pathways for reporting, HUD will continue to
carefully balance these interests.

 b. Coordination With Parents, Guardians, and Other Non-Medical Professional
Sources



 Comment: Several commenters (5) recommended that designated parties and owners
accept notification of EBLLs from parents, guardians, and other non-professional
sources when notification is accompanied by sufficient documentation such as a
doctor's letter.



 HUD Response: A letter or report from a medical health care provider, such as a
physician or nurse, or the public health department, has always been acceptable
notification under the LSHR (because HUD has never required or expected that the
provider would come to the office of the designated party personally to deliver
the notification). This will continue to be the case under this final rule.
Similarly, in the absence of a medically reliable notification that a child
under age six (6) has an EBLL, it would be imprudent for HUD to require the
designated party and/or the owner to undertake an environmental intervention.
When presented with notification of an EBLL from a non-medical-professional
source, the designated party is required to contact the local health department
or another medical health care provider to verify the notification. This rule
details the procedure (including contacting HUD) to be used when a public health
department or provider declines to verify a report from a non-medical
professional source.

 c. Coordination With HIPAA and Local Data Privacy Laws



 Comment: Several commenters (8) requested clarification of the protocols for
reporting, including the interaction with other federal laws such as the Health
Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) (Pub. L. 104-191),
and state and local privacy laws.



 HUD Response: For the purpose of preventing or controlling childhood lead
poisoning, in regard to lead hazard evaluation and control activities, the
OLHCHH and its lead hazard control grantees acting on its behalf, are considered
public health authorities under HIPAA; thus, they may receive related private
health information that is minimally necessary to accomplish the intended
purpose of the disclosure, including the addresses of housing units and vital
information about the children and their families, and must protect that
information.

 5. Technical Concerns

 a. Environmental Investigations of Lead Hazards That Are Not Lead-Based Paint
Hazards



 Comment: Many comments (18) expressed concerns about whether federally-assisted
housing providers should look for sources of lead exposure that are not
lead-based paint hazards, or would be responsible for such sources of lead
exposure if they were identified in the environmental investigation. Some
commenters raised concerns about the responsibility for controlling lead
exposure if the source of lead was a non-lead-based paint hazard or at another
property outside of the control of the designated party or owner, as applicable.
Additionally, some commenters requested that HUD add safeguards to ensure that
owners are not penalized for missing other sources of exposure if a public
health department decides not to, or is unable to work with a designated party
or owner on the child's case.



 HUD Response: This final rule requires that the owner or designated party, as
applicable, ensure that an environmental investigation of the child's lead
exposure is completed, which includes investigating sources that are or are not
lead-based paint hazards. Environmental investigations must be performed by EPA,
state, or tribally certified risk assessors, and the contents of their report
must meet EPA, state or tribal requirements, as applicable. The rule also
provides that, if a public health department has already conducted an evaluation
of the dwelling unit in response to the case, the owner or designated party does
not need to conduct another one. HUD has clarified applicable sections of the
proposed rule&thinsp; (15) to provide that the evaluation be in response to the
current case. This clarification eliminates the potential confusion that a
previous case in the same housing unit, whether for an EBLL or other reason,
that had prompted a public health department evaluation, however long before the
current EBLL case, might allow an environmental investigation or public health
department evaluation not to be conducted for the current case. HUD is not aware
of this having occurred, but the technical clarification provides transparency
on this issue.



 Because children can be exposed to lead by toys, dishes, homeopathic remedies,
certain cultural practices, and other non-paint-related sources, the family
interview portion of the environmental investigation will include questions on
these sources. The designated party or owner is responsible for ensuring that an
environmental investigation in accordance with federal, state, and local
requirements is conducted timely, regardless of whether it is done by staff or
through contract, or that the public health department has conducted an
evaluation in response to the case.



 In some areas of the country, the public health department will perform the
environmental investigation or a comparable evaluation, as may be required by a
public health department initiative or state, tribal, or local law, the latter
of which may also specify how the environmental investigation is performed and
what follow-up actions must be taken by the designated party. In these cases,
the most stringent of the federal, State, tribal, or local requirements must be
followed.



 Regardless of who performs the environmental investigation, HUD is not
establishing a requirement that the designated party or owner address sources of
exposure that are not lead-based paint hazards, or sources from housing not
controlled by the designated party or owner, such as a relative's home, because
HUD does not have authority to require that those sources be addressed. As
discussed elsewhere in this preamble, risk assessments of certain other housing
units in the property may be conducted; as with the environmental investigation
of the index unit, (16) these risk assessments may identify non-paint-related
sources of lead exposure. Indeed, the HUD Guidelines encourage risk assessors to
note other obvious sources of lead exposure, and many risk assessors routinely
test items other than paint for lead. The Guidelines also explicitly include
such testing as a part of environmental investigations. Nevertheless, HUD does
not believe that such activities would subject property owners to expanded legal
vulnerability under this rule. In both the index unit and other units, the
designated party or owner is not responsible for controlling these sources. In
the 22 years since the Guidelines were first published, this has not created a
legal liability problem for risk assessors or building owners and managers.



 HUD, such as through its OLHCHH, will continue to encourage designated parties
and owners to address such lead hazards as part of its broader effort to ensure
the safety and health of residents of its assisted housing, but, for regulatory
clarity, not do so through this rulemaking.



 Additionally, the EPA regulations at 40 CFR 745.235, 745.237, and 745.327 (or
the equivalent regulations of an EPA authorized state or tribal lead-based paint
program as applicable) prescribe the training and certification requirements for
risk assessors as well as the work practice standards for conduct of a risk
assessment and the reporting of the assessment results. This rule does not hold
the designated party or owner responsible for a certified risk assessor
performing the environmental investigation missing a source of exposure (except,
of course, in the case of collusion).

 b. Lead in Water



 Comment: Several comments (7) specifically addressed the issue of
lead-contaminated water, the desirability of testing and controlling lead levels
in water, and the responsibilities of owners if high lead levels are found in
the water supply.



 HUD Response: Controlling exposures to lead from water is outside of HUD's
authority for this rulemaking, because Title X, which the LSHR implements, does
not authorize HUD to regulate lead in water. The HUD Guidelines' chapter 16 on
environmental investigations, discussed in the preamble to the proposed rule,
indicates when water testing as part of the investigation is appropriate and
provides guidance on how to conduct such testing. Further information on lead in
water testing is available from EPA. (17) Requiring control of drinking water
lead levels is outside the scope of this rule. Thus, HUD declines to
specifically address the issue of lead-contaminated water in this rulemaking.

 c. Visual Assessment of Housing Units in the Tenant-Based Rental Assistance
Program



 Comment: Many commenters (28) claimed that the visual assessment protocol in
the Housing Choice Voucher (HCV) Program, which provides tenant-based rental
assistance, was insufficient to protect children from lead, and that a more
rigorous assessment protocol was needed when children under age six (6) will be
moving into a unit of target housing with the family receiving assistance
through an HCV. Several commenters also recommended that evaluations should be
conducted on every unit in a building, regardless of subsidy.



 HUD Response: As noted in this preamble, the primary purpose of this rule is
adopting the revised definition of "elevated blood lead level" in children under
the age of six (6), and the response in cases of children with such a level who
reside in federally-assisted target housing. Therefore, pre-occupancy activities
are outside the scope of this rule, as are activities in non-federally-assisted
units.



 Comment: Many commenters (20) addressed the need for assessment of other
assisted units in the same property as that of a child under age six (6) with an
EBLL in which a child under age six (6) resides or is expected to reside ("other
units"), which is within the scope of this rule, as part of the response to the
child with an EBLL. Most commenters (18) recommended that HUD strengthen the
assessment in the units of other households receiving tenant-based rental
assistance to a risk assessment, or, in the alternative, a lead hazard screen.
(18) Commenters noted both that the CDC strongly recommends a more stringent
risk assessment, and that lead hazards do not discriminate among victims by the
type of subsidy they receive.



 HUD Response: Under this final rule, risk assessments will be required in other
HUD-assisted units in which a child under age six (6) resides or is expected to
reside, and the common areas servicing those units. HUD has always distinguished
between pre-occupancy and post-occupancy activities in assisted housing. Prior
to this final rule, the LSHR distinguished between general, pre-occupancy
activities in tenant-based rental assistance housing units and specific
responses to the identification of a child under age six (6) with an
environmental intervention blood lead level (EIBLL)&thinsp; (19) who had a
housing-related lead exposure. It did so by going beyond the visual assessment
and paint stabilization requirement of pre-occupancy activities to requiring
risk assessments and interim controls for EIBLL cases. (20) These measures are
being extended by this final rule to the other housing choice voucher units in
properties where children under age six (6) reside or are expected to reside.



 HUD is basing this approach on the CDC guidance that other housing units should
receive the same evaluation and controls as the index unit, while narrowing the
application of that guidance by not requiring action where statutory authority
clearly does not support HUD require action (e.g., in unassisted units), and
reducing the overall costs and increasing the effectiveness of the controls by
requiring a risk assessment to identify with specificity the lead-based paint
hazards in the other units before the controls are undertaken.



 The increased burden on a landlord of a family receiving tenant-based rental
assistance is expected to be modest, because a certified risk assessor will
already be at the property to conduct the environmental investigation in the
index unit, and the cost of the risk assessment will be borne by the designated
party, i.e., the public housing agency, or the HOME or HOPWA grantee, as
applicable. Giving that risk assessor an expanded scope of work to conduct a
risk assessment in other units will be an additional cost to the designated
party, as will the cost to the owner for control of any lead-based paint hazards
that would not have been detected by visual assessments conducted as part of the
initial and periodic inspections of the units, but were detected by the risk
assessment. These other units of an owner who has been properly implementing the
required ongoing lead-based paint maintenance program are more likely not to
have hazards and, if they are present, for them to be fewer in number and less
extensive. This risk assessment, and the interim control of any lead-based paint
hazards found will provide substantial additional protection to the other
children under age six (6) residing or expected to reside in the property, and
increased liability protection for the owner as a result of the more
comprehensive evaluation of the housing and resulting lead hazard control, in
comparison to the otherwise routine use of the visual assessment and paint
stabilization process.



 Similarly to how HUD considered commenters' arguments related to other
tenant-based rental assisted units and is responding by requiring risk
assessments and interim controls for such units in this final rule--instead of
visual assessment and paint stabilization, as proposed--HUD is applying the
commenters' logic to housing receiving project-based assistance of up to $5,000
per unit per year by requiring risk assessments and interim controls in this
final rule, instead of visual assessment and paint stabilization, as proposed.



 The Regulatory Impact Assessment has been revised accordingly and continues to
show that the benefits of this regulation substantially outweigh the costs.

 d. Sampling of Other Units in Large Properties



 Comment: Two commenters inquired if the sampling protocols for larger
properties (with over 20 housing units in properties built before 1960, or over
10 units in properties build between 1960-1977) in the existing HUD Guidelines'
Chapter 7 would apply to buildings where a child under age six (6) has developed
an EBLL, and the child's unit was found to have lead-based paint hazards, so
that examinations of other housing units in the property were required.



 HUD Response: As noted in the preamble to the proposed rule, the existing
housing unit random sampling protocols for multi-family housing would apply,
because, procedurally, they are not being amended by this rule, and
substantively, because the statistical foundation for the protocols applies to
the EBLL situation just as it does to lead-based paint inspections and risk
assessments in general.

 e. Interim Controls



 Comment: Four commenters recommended that, for at least the types of housing
affected under this rule, if not all housing under the LSHR, HUD require
abatement, as opposed to mere interim controls, in a unit in which lead-based
paint hazards (or, for a visual assessment, deteriorated painted surfaces) were
found.



 HUD Response: HUD is aware from its experience with its lead hazard control
grant program that there can be a substantial cost difference between interim
controls of lead-based paint hazards and abatement of them. As noted in the RIA
for the proposed rule, the interim controls used under HUD's lead hazard control
grant programs were found to be effective for at least 6 years following the
intervention, with window replacement and lead hazard control effective after 12
years. Thus, even if an owner did not implement an ongoing lead-based paint
management program after the interim control work (such a program is not
required under the grants), the duration of the protection of the children's
environment regarding lead in the housing would extend beyond the child's sixth
birthday. If the owner did implement the management program, as the LSHR
requires, the duration of the protection would be at least as long as the period
found for protection resulting from work under the grants, and, HUD believes,
longer.



 HUD also notes that, as described above, the evaluation activity in the other
assisted units with a child under age six (6) is being changed from a visual
assessment, as proposed, to a risk assessment.



 Therefore, HUD declines to modify the proposed rule. However, the designated
party or owner may choose to require abatement in circumstances when they do not
believe interim controls will sufficiently protect their resident children under
age six (6).

 f. Update the Standards for Lead Based Paint, Lead Based Paint Hazards and
Various Lead Hazard Control Protocols



 Comment: Eight commenters requested that HUD, either alone or in partnership
with EPA, update various other lead regulations, standards and protocols.



 HUD Response: Such changes are beyond the scope of this rulemaking. HUD will
collaborate with EPA, as it considers any updates to revise those standards. In
the interim, HUD will continue to use existing protocols, including
paint-testing requirements, (21) and lead-safe work practices requirements that
were of specific interest to some commenters.



 HUD declines a commenter's request to further define the responsibilities of
particular owners of a building with multiple owners as related to notices of
lead-based paint hazard evaluation and reduction, because its interest is in
having the designated party provide notices to occupants as required, not in
establishing criteria for which of the ownership partners within the designated
party, which is as a whole, responsible for complying with applicable
requirements (see §&thinsp;35.110), should carry out that responsibility. That
is an internal matter for the partners to decide.

 g. Pregnant Women Under the LSHR



 Comment: Two commenters requested that HUD extend the protections of the LSHR
in child-occupied units to units where a pregnant woman resides.



 HUD Response: The LSHR has always defined units occupied by pregnant women as
units where a child is expected to reside. The Title X and LSHR definitions of
"target housing" encompass units where a child under age six (6) "resides or is
expected to reside," and, in the LSHR, HUD further clarified the phrase
"expected to reside" to mean that "there is actual knowledge that a child will
reside in a dwelling unit . . . If a resident is known to be pregnant, there is
actual knowledge that a child will reside in the dwelling unit." (See,
§&thinsp;35.110) That definition remains unchanged by the current rule.

 h. Landlord Exemptions



 Comment: Multiple commenters (16) made recommendations about the provisions
that would exempt landlords in certain cases from performing additional risk
assessments in their building once a child with an EBLL had been identified.
Some of these commenters (5) felt the exemptions were too broad and would not
sufficiently protect the other residents of a building that had exposed at least
one child to a lead hazard. Most of these commenters (11) felt that the
exemptions should be expanded, either for work done in the last 24 months, for
work done while the same family occupied the unit, or until such time as the CDC
updated its EBLL guidance, or if a unit is scheduled to undergo redevelopment.



 HUD Response: HUD's rule provides that a lead risk assessment remains
applicable for 12 months. HUD will continue to use this period (vs. the longer
24 months, or the indefinite period of a family's continued occupancy in a unit,
for which there is no reason to believe that hazards would not form) in the
exemption criteria for when the owner has documentation, "throughout the 12
months preceding the date the owner received the environmental investigation
report, of compliance with evaluation, notification, lead disclosure, ongoing
lead-based paint maintenance, and lead-based paint management requirements."
Given that the LSHR requires retention of documentation of the owner's
compliance with these operational LSHR requirements for the period when ongoing
lead-based paint maintenance is required, and for at least 3 years beyond that
period, the absence of such documentation for just the past 12 months allows for
a reasonable inference that the owner has not complied with the operational
requirements of the LSHR, so that a risk assessment is required in the other
units. Thus, HUD declines to change this implementation period.



 HUD also declines to exempt units that are scheduled for redevelopment.
Redevelopment timelines are often uncertain by many months, and it would violate
the intent of the LSHR to leave a child exposed to potential lead hazards for
such an uncertain length of time. If preliminary work on the redevelopment is
sufficiently far advanced that building occupant vacating and/or relocating is
under way with completion of vacating and/or relocating and the start of
construction both scheduled to be within 45 days (i.e., the sum of the 15-day
period for conducting the environmental investigation of the index child's unit
and common areas servicing that unit and the 30-day period for conducting lead
hazard control there) after the designated party was notified of a child under
age six (6) with EBLL, the lead activities need not be conducted in one or more
of the other assisted units with a child under age six (6) by that due date if
the family in each of those un-assessed or uncontrolled units is relocated
within 15 days after the designated party received the environmental
investigation report, with the lead safety of the family's destination housing
meeting the criteria of the preface to §&thinsp;35.1345(a)(2), and with the
family continuing to receive housing assistance without interruption and having
their relocation costs covered. Making the original housing lead safe is
required by the LSHR (subparts H, J, and/or L, as applicable) to be part of the
redevelopment.



 At the same time, HUD understands that evaluating additional units poses a
burden for owners, and there are some circumstances where documented past
performance makes the possibility of future lead hazards substantially less
likely. Therefore, HUD also declines to make the exemptions more stringent.

 6. Time Available To Complete Work



 Comment: Multiple commenters (15) made recommendations about timelines for
investigating lead hazards, completing hazard control work, and relocating
families if necessary. Most of these commenters (11) felt that the timelines
were aggressive and may be unrealistic for owners, particularly owners who
operate under complex procurement rules, or owners in communities without
adequate numbers of certified risk assessors, lead hazard control workers, and
firms who employ them. Other commenters (4) felt that the timelines were too
lax, and left families exposed to lead hazards in their home longer than
necessary.



 HUD Response: None of the commenters provided data on lead hazard control
activity durations, temporary relocation costs, or the health effects of lead
exposure for the number of days they recommended versus the number of days
proposed to support their recommendations. Accordingly, HUD determined that it
would retain the timelines in the currently codified LSHR, as proposed. If a
designated party or owner believes they will be unable to meet the timelines in
a specific circumstance, they should discuss their concerns with HUD when they
report the EBLL.



 HUD also declines to apply a business day schedule instead of a calendar day
schedule to these evaluation and hazard control timelines. The primary victims
of lead poisoning are children, who are most likely to be exposed to hazards in
their home on non-business days, and many risk assessors and lead hazard control
contractors are available to work on weekends for high priority projects, such
as responding to the case of a child under age six (6) with an EBLL. With
respect to providing notifications to HUD, for which the rule uses business day
schedules, HUD will adopt the practice already used by HUD for hearings before
hearing officers, that when the due date is a Saturday, Sunday, national
holiday, or other day on which the relevant HUD office is closed, the due date
is extended until the end of the next following business day. (See, 24 CFR
26.11(a).)

 7. Penalties for Noncompliance



 Comment: Several commenters (11) recommended that this rule include enforcement
remedies and civil money penalties for non-compliance.



 HUD Response: The Lead Disclosure Rule, also issued under Title X, allows for
violators to be subject to civil money penalties. (See, 24 CFR 35.96,
implementing 42 U.S.C. 4852d(b)(1).) In contrast, as the preamble to the
original LSHR states (at 64 FR 50168), "The Lead-Based Paint Poisoning
Prevention Act does not provide any independent enforcement provisions. Remedies
will vary based on which [assistance] program's requirements have been
violated." For example, a designated party or owner not in compliance with the
LSHR, including this rule, may be considered in default of its regulatory
agreement or annual contributions contract, as applicable, with the Department.
Noncompliance may also result in the designated party or owner being debarred
from receiving assistance from the Department or denied future participation in
HUD or federal programs. A designated party or owner in noncompliance may be
forced to surrender grant funds, or may be otherwise subject to civil money
penalties or other sanctions. HUD plans to enhance its monitoring for LSHR
compliance, but does not have the authority to create penalties under this rule
or the currently codified LSHR.

 8. Future Changes in CDC Recommendations



 Comment: Multiple commenters (20) recommended keeping the LSHR synchronized
with expected future CDC guidance that may further change the blood lead level
that triggers an investigation. A majority (10) of these commenters recommended
that future updates to CDC guidance automatically cause HUD's guidance to
change. The remainder recommended variations on using CDC's current definition,
including allowing the level to decrease, but not increase; creating local
levels based on the data from a given geography; changing the terminology from
CDC's current usage; or simply waiting for the CDC to update their guidance
again before amending the LSHR.



 HUD Response: The purpose of this rulemaking is to bring HUD's requirements
into alignment with CDC guidance in regard to environmental investigations for
cases of elevated blood lead levels in children under age six (6), while placing
the minimum necessary burden on assisted property owners and other designated
parties. To do so, while also maximizing the effectiveness of environmental
investigations and remedial actions taken as a result of those investigations,
HUD proposed that the EBLL under this rule would be a confirmed blood lead level
at least that for which U.S. Department of Health and Human Services recommends
that an environmental intervention be conducted. This level may be the CDC's
reference range value, as it is at the publication of this rule, or it could be
higher, if CDC found recommending environmental interventions to be appropriate
only at a higher level than the reference range value. Accordingly, HUD declines
to apply any of the recommended variations.



 To respect the potential burden placed on assisted property owners before
adjusting its EBLL standard in the LSHR, and to provide transparency in its
decision-making, HUD will provide for public notice and comment as described in
the proposed rule so that potentially affected parties, including designated
parties, their property management firms, risk assessment firms, renovation
firms, and tenants, and advocates for all of these parties will have the
opportunity to provide comments on proposed EBLL changes. Therefore, HUD
declines to modify the proposed process for revising the blood lead level in
children under age six (6).

 9. Timing of Implementation



 Comment: Half of the commenters (29) addressed the issue of the rule's
effective date or implementation date. Of these, some recommended a longer
implementation time to adequately prepare, and some recommended a shorter
implementation time to begin increasing the protection of children's health more
rapidly. A few commenters felt that the initially proposed 6 months was
appropriate.



 HUD Response: HUD is mindful of the need to update policies and procedures for
planning purposes, and that, as one commenter noted, "it is doubly important
that the rule is implemented in such a way that Housing Authorities will be able
to comply." That commenter, and others, noted that CDC has not yet revised its
2012 reference range value, and recommended waiting until some period after
CDC's update. HUD believes it likely that CDC will issue its update in 2017, but
it does not want to delay for an indeterminate period the additional protections
for children with blood lead levels in the range between the currently codified
LSHR's EIBLL threshold and this rule's proposed EBLL threshold. Therefore, HUD
cannot agree with either the majority or minority of commenters and declines to
implement the rule faster than 6 months, nor after a longer period. Instead, the
compliance date of the rule will be 6 months from publication, as proposed.

 10. Other Issues

 a. Low Income Communities, Communities of Color, and Affirmatively Furthering
Fair Housing



 Comment: Five commenters requested that HUD consider that lead poisoning occurs
more frequently in low-income communities and communities of color, and that,
furthermore, this may have implications under its fair housing rules.



 HUD Response: HUD agrees that research clearly shows higher incidence of EBLLs
in low-income communities and in communities of color. (22) However, the fair
housing implications of this information are governed by fair housing statutes
and regulations, and are therefore beyond the scope of this rulemaking; this
rule needs to be issued with nationwide applicability. Nevertheless, such
comments will be considered as HUD develops future outreach and enforcement
strategies for implementing this rule.

 b. EPA's Renovation, Repair, and Painting Rule



 Comment: Five commenters recommended clarifying and making more explicit the
relationship between the LSHR and the EPA's Renovation, Repair and Painting Rule
(RRP Rule, 40 CFR part 745, especially subparts E and Q; implementing 15 U.S.C.
2682(c), Renovation and remodeling).



 HUD Response: The original LSHR predated the RRP Rule, and therefore could not
reference it explicitly. The RRP Rule defines "renovation" broadly in the
context of lead-based paint, saying in essence that the term "means the
modification of any existing structure, or portion thereof, that results in the
disturbance of painted surfaces, unless that activity is performed as part of an
abatement . . . [but not] minor repair and maintenance activities," (40 CFR
745.83) where "abatement" and "minor repair and maintenance activities" are
defined for purposes of that rule at 40 CFR 745.223 and 745.83, respectively.
Accordingly, most of the lead-based paint hazard reduction activities to be
conducted as a result of the environmental investigation of the index unit and
the risk assessment in other units, will be renovations covered by the RRP Rule,
and must be conducted by contractors and individual renovators who are certified
renovation firms or certified renovators. The relationship between this rule and
the RRP Rule needs to be made explicit for the sake of transparency; doing so
will have the additional benefit of making the other portions of the LSHR that
require the use of certified renovation firms and certified renovators more
transparent. Because this requirement has been operationally in effect for the
LSHR since the RRP Rule went into full effect, clarifying this creates no change
in the burden or benefits of implementing the LSHR.



 Accordingly, the relationship between the RRP rule and the LSHR is being made
explicit through this rulemaking.



 First, for the sake of transparency, HUD is adding "renovation" to the list of
"activities" within the scope of the definition of "certified" in 24 CFR 35.110,
along with the current listing of "risk assessment, lead-based paint inspection,
or abatement supervision." HUD notes that the scope of activities in its
definition of "certified" is broader than EPA's scope of "Lead-based paint
activities," which they define at 40 CFR 745.223, because HUD's definition uses
the unmodified term "activities" and includes, in the definition, the phrase
"such as" the listed activities of "risk assessment, lead-based paint
inspection, or abatement supervision," while the EPA definition is limited to
the specific listed activities of "inspection, risk assessment, and abatement."
Because HUD's definition is broader, this clarification in the definition will
have no effect on the operations of HUD, owners, contractors or employees.



 Second, the current LSHR language on interim controls training requirements in
§&thinsp;35.1330(a)(4)(iii), which allowed for approval of certain lead-safe
work practices courses by HUD after consultation with the EPA, will be replaced
with wording that recognizes renovator courses accredited under the EPA's or by
an EPA-authorized state or tribe's renovation program.



 HUD also notes that "abatement" of lead-based paint or lead-based paint hazards
as defined by EPA at 40 CFR 745.223, and by HUD in the LSHR at 24 CFR 35.110,
may be conducted under the LSHR when interim controls are required, because the
LSHR already allows conducting additional lead-based paint hazard evaluation or
reduction beyond the minimum under the rule. Abatements must be conducted, in
accordance with the work practice standards developed by EPA at 40 CFR
745.227(e) or by an EPA authorized state or tribal lead-based paint activities
program by certified abatement supervisors and certified abatement workers. HUD
encourages the use of abatement as a permanent (at least 20-year-long, or
eternally, in the case of paint removal abatement) method of addressing
exposures from lead-based paint, dust, and soil in a home, particularly where it
may be cost-effective, such as during a major rehabilitation (e.g., a "gut
rehab").

 c. Other Partnerships



 Comment: Five commenters suggested partnerships, or approaches to partnerships
that would aid in the implementation of the LSHR.



 HUD Response: HUD welcomes these suggestions and fully expects to engage in
numerous partnerships to fully implement the LSHR and protect America's children
from lead poisoning. However, codifying these partnerships in regulation is
unnecessary, so HUD declines to do so.

 d. Other Sections of the LSHR Not Amended



 Comment: Two commenters recommended that HUD amend the LSHR's subparts C
(Disposition of Residential Property Owned by a Federal Agency Other Than HUD),
E (which had been proposed in the original LSHR to cover Single Family Insured
Property, (23) but was reserved in the final LSHR rulemaking, with 24 CFR part
200, subpart O, being revised at that time) and F (HUD-Owned Single Family
Property).



 HUD Response: HUD appreciates these suggestions and, while noting that they are
outside of the scope of the current rulemaking, will consider future rulemaking
to amend these subparts.

 e. Accessibility of Inspection Reports



 Comment: One commenter recommended protecting a renter's ability to access
inspection reports.



 HUD Response: This issue is governed by the Lead Disclosure Rule (24 CFR part
35, subpart A) and is therefore outside the scope of this rule.

 f. Uniform Physical Condition Standards for the Voucher Program (UPCS-V)
Demonstration



 Comment: One commenter requested clarifying language on the relationship
between the LSHR and the UPCS-V pilot program.



 HUD Response: As noted on HUD's Web site
(http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/program_offices/public_indian_housing/
reac/oed/upcs-v) , to help improve tenant safety and HUD's oversight of the HCV
program, HUD is introducing the UPCS-V inspection protocol with new measures to
enhance the consistency and objectivity of the inspection process, and provide
more information about the condition of individual housing units. The UPCS-V
Demonstration is HUD's formal mechanism to test the protocol with up to 250
public housing agencies (www.regulations.gov/document?D=HUD-2016-0044-0001).



 Participation in the UPCS-V pilot program does not affect whether or how a
housing unit or property is covered under the LSHR or this rule amending the
LSHR, nor an owner's or designated party's responsibilities under the LSHR.
Questions on specific interactions between the LSHR and the UPCS-V pilot, such
as one commenter's question, "If a PHA does not complete the hazard reduction on
a voucher unit, would that dwelling be in violation of UPCS-V?", are outside the
scope of this rulemaking, and should be directed to HUD's Office of Public and
Indian Housing.

 g. Liability Safeguards



 Comment: One commenter expressed concern that because of the lapse in time
between CDC issuing guidance and HUD issuing a proposed rule on EBLLs, tenants
of HUD-assisted housing may decide to take legal action against PHAs once they
learn that the PHA was not in compliance with CDC guidelines. The commenter
requested that the LSHR include, "Safeguards that protect PHAs from any
litigious behavior that may result from HUD's delayed rulemaking process."



 HUD Response: HUD cannot speculate on the merits or costs of any potential
litigation, nor to address PHAs' compliance with other federal agencies'
guidance, as both are outside the scope of this rulemaking.

 h. Determining the Responsible Party



 Comment: One commenter requested that, "HUD clarify that there is a single
responsible party in areas of the proposed rule where there is an option for one
of two entities to assume responsibility. As currently written, sections of the
rule would assign responsibility to either the PHA (the designated party) or the
property owner."



 HUD Response: As defined by the LSHR, a designated party is an entity
responsible for complying with applicable requirements of the rule.



 This commenter does not identify which LSHR subparts are of concern to it, but
an examination of subpart H, L, and M, with which public housing agencies may be
involved, shows that subparts H and L each specify only one such entity; so the
concern must be for subpart M (Tenant-Based Rental Assistance). Within that
subpart, §§&thinsp;35.1200(b)(2) through (6) identify the designated party for
the assistance programs covered by each of those regulatory paragraphs. In the
example of the HCV program, paragraph (2) has identified the public housing
agency as the designated party, with responsibilities under certain provisions
of that subpart (e.g., engaging an inspector on its behalf to conduct the
pre-occupancy visual assessment (see, §&thinsp;35.1215(a)(1))) and the owner has
had certain responsibilities under other provisions of that subpart (e.g.,
stabilizing the deteriorated paint surfaces identified by the visual assessment
(see, §&thinsp;35.1215(b))). Regarding EBLL cases under the HCV program, this
rule as proposed and made final here uses the same approach: The designated
party, i.e., the PHA, is responsible for the environmental investigation and, if
needed, verification of the case (see, §§&thinsp;35.1225(a) and (b)), while the
owner is, for the lead-based paint hazard reduction (see, §&thinsp;35.1225(c)).



 Similarly, in the example of tenant-based rental assistance under the HOME
Investment Partnerships Program (HOME) (see, §&thinsp;92.209), under which HUD's
Office of Community Planning and Development (CPD) awards grants to state and
local governments ("participating jurisdictions") that provide rental assistance
to households and contract with owners of the units they rent, the designated
party for the unit occupied by a household receiving tenant-based rental
assistance is the participating jurisdiction, or if the tenant-based rental
assistance program is administered by a subrecipient, that entity.



 Also, the Housing Opportunities for Persons with AIDS (HOPWA) Program provides
tenant-based rental assistance to households as an eligible activity (see,
§&thinsp;574.300(b)(5)). HUD's CPD office awards HOPWA entitlement formula grant
funds to state and local government grantees ("eligible states and qualifying
cities") and HOPWA competitive grant funds to state, local government and
non-profit grantees. In this example, if a grantee provides rental assistance to
households and contracts directly with owners of the units they rent, the
designated party for a unit in which the assisted household occupies is the
grantee. In another example, if the tenant-based rental assistance program is
administered by a project sponsor, the designated party for a unit in which the
assisted household occupies is the project sponsor.

 i. Ongoing Lead-Based Paint Maintenance Program



 Comment: One commenter recommended that the written notice provided to each
dwelling unit asking occupants to report deteriorated paint and, if applicable,
failure of encapsulation or enclosure, along with contact information, be
provided to each individual tenant (see, §&thinsp;35.1355(a)(7)). The same
commenter recommended adding "and reporting deteriorated paint" to the heading
of §&thinsp;35.130, Lead hazard information pamphlet, because the reporting
notification required by §&thinsp;35.1355(a)(7) as discussed above, goes to the
recipients of the lead hazard information pamphlet provided under
§&thinsp;35.130. The same commenter suggested adding a paragraph (8) to
§&thinsp;35.1355(a), to require that each property covered by the ongoing
lead-based paint maintenance requirement must have a written maintenance plan on
how to address lead-based activities and who will be able to conduct the
activities.



 HUD Response: As to the first suggestion, typical notification practice is to
provide one notification on a housing operations topic to the dwelling unit,
rather than multiple copies for each adult in the unit. HUD will consider the
effectiveness and burden of a change for this notification as it develops future
rulemaking. As to the second suggestion, while §&thinsp;35.130 pertains to
providing a pamphlet rather than property-specific information, this comment
raises the idea of having the Lead Disclosure Rule disclosure form, for at least
housing covered by the LSHR, include a confirmation that the reporting
notification was provided. HUD will consider the feasibility of such an addition
in its implementation of the LSHR.



 As to the third suggestion, this would implement the HUD Guidelines Chapter 6,
Ongoing Lead-Based Paint Maintenance, Step-by-Step Summary, item 1, that "owners
should develop a written program [regarding] lead-safe maintenance that apply to
each pre-1978 property and should assign responsibilities," and similarly at
unit III.B, Assignment of Responsibilities, of that chapter. HUD will consider
this suggestion in further rulemaking.

 j. Technical Corrections



 Comment: One commenter noted that the grammar of subpart D might be incorrect.



 HUD Response: The commenter's insight was accurate, and a technical correction
is necessary. The second sentence of proposed §&thinsp;35.325, Child with an
elevated blood lead level, paragraph (b), begins by stating that, "The risk
assessments would be conducted within" a certain period, while the other
requirements of the paragraph are specified by using "shall" instead of the
conditional "would;" in addition, "shall" is used in the corresponding
provisions of other sections. HUD is replacing "would" in this instance with
"shall."



 Comment: One commenter noted that §&thinsp;35.155 implies that occupants would
conduct lead-based paint hazard evaluation or reduction, a requirement which
would not be supported by Title X.



 HUD Response: HUD is also making a technical correction to §&thinsp;35.155 by
changing both instances of "designated party or occupant" to "designated party
or owner," to correct the language regarding who may be required to conduct
additional lead-based paint hazard evaluation or reduction beyond the minimum
under the LSHR. While occupants are mentioned in the LSHR many times, the LSHR
does not establish any requirements for them to conduct lead-based paint hazard
evaluations or reductions. (An assisted-property owner who resides in one of the
units of a property covered by the LSHR is subject to that rule's requirements
as the owner, not as an occupant.) This correction is particularly timely
because of the requirements being amended by this rule for owners who are not
designated parties.

 C. Public Comments in Response to HUD's Questions



 HUD is particularly grateful for the comments responding to specific questions:




 1. To facilitate effective HUD monitoring of responses to a case of an elevated
blood lead level, the proposed rule would have designated parties provide
documentation to HUD that the response actions have been conducted in the
child's unit and in all other assisted units with a child under age six (6), or
if there are such other units, that the designated party has been complying with
the LSHR for the past 12 months, and need not evaluate those other units.



 a. Is this approach sufficient for HUD to effectively monitor response actions
in these cases, and why? Are there areas in which reporting and oversight could
be strengthened?



 b. Can the approach to monitoring response actions in these cases be
streamlined while maintaining its effectiveness, and if so, how?



 Comment: Many commenters provided input regarding the information that needed
to be shared to effectively monitor the responses to a case of an elevated blood
lead level.



 HUD Response: Commenters took a wide variety of positions, which are primarily
summarized under comments section III.B.4 of this preamble entitled,
Coordination Between the Involved Parties. The sub-issue of when a designated
party need not evaluate other units was discussed in comments and responses in
section III.B.6 of this preamble entitled, Landlord Exemptions.



 2. Regarding the definition of elevated blood lead level in the proposed rule,
is the definition appropriately protective of the health of children in assisted
housing covered by the rule? Too protective? Not protective enough? Why?



 Comment: Commenters were nearly unanimous in expressing their support for
aligning HUD's regulations with the current definition of elevated blood lead
level from the CDC. Commenters did have concerns that the LSHR as proposed was
not protective enough, as discussed in comments and responses provided in
section III.B.1, Primary Prevention, and section III.B.5, Technical Concerns. No
commenters felt that the rule was too protective of America's children, however,
some commenters worried that they would not have sufficient resources available
to meet their obligations under the rule.



 HUD Response: HUD responds to these concerns in section III.B.2, Resources
Available.



 3. Regarding the set of types of housing assistance covered by the proposed
rule (i.e., in the covered subparts D, H, I, L, and M), is this set
appropriately protective of the health of children in assisted housing?



 a. If it is too protective, why, and which types of housing assistance should
be removed from the proposed rule?



 b. If it is not protective enough, why, which additional type or types of
housing assistance should be included, and how would sufficient resources be
provided to ensure implementation and monitoring of the rule in that additional
assisted housing?



 Comment: No commenters felt that certain types of housing assistance should be
removed from the proposed rule, although several commenters recommended that
Public Housing's history of superior performance entitled it to a lower standard
of monitoring. (As discussed in commenting subsection 1, Primary Prevention, the
study did not have the capacity to address the performance of particular housing
assistance programs.) A few commenters felt that additional HUD programs should
be included in the rule.



 HUD Response: HUD response to these comments are provided in section III.B.11.d
of this preamble entitled, Other Sections of the LSHR Not Amended.



 Comment: Two commenters also suggested the LSHR should be extended to the
Low-Income Housing Credit program administered by the United States Treasury.



 HUD Response: According to the Low Income Housing Credit regulations, 26 CFR
1.42-5(d), the state allocating agency may opt to use HUD's Uniform Physical
Condition Standards as the compliance standard, in which case the LSHR applies.



 4. If interim controls or abatement in a housing unit takes longer than 5
calendar days, or if other occupant protection requirements of 24 CFR
35.1345(a)(2) are not met, the occupants of the unit shall be temporarily
relocated before and during lead-based paint hazard reduction activities.



 a. HUD is seeking data on the fraction of lead hazard control activities that
take longer than 5 calendar days, including the type of activity (e.g., interim
control or abatement; the hazard control method used (e.g., if abatement,
component removal, paint stripping, enclosure, encapsulation, etc.), the extent
of the work, the reason that the activities cannot be completed within 5
calendar days, whether the housing is a single family, duplex, triplex, quad, or
multifamily housing, whether it is located in an urban, suburban, or rural area,
whether the EPA has authorized the state to administer the applicable lead
certification program (i.e., renovation or abatement), and other factors that
are causing temporary relocation to be required under the rule.



 b. HUD is seeking information on the costs of temporary relocation, on a per
day basis (average amount or day-specific amounts, as is available), including
breakouts of expenses for such categories as lodging, transportation, meals, and
incidental expense amounts, if the information is available that way, or as lump
sum per-day or per relocation period amounts.



 Comment: HUD did not receive any data (let alone data supported by robust
quality assurance) on either the time work took, or the costs of relocation. A
few anecdotal comments were provided, e.g., that it can be hard to find good
lead professionals and contractors in rural portions of the country, and that
the costs of temporary stays in Manhattan can be quite high.



 HUD Response: In the absence of actionable data, HUD left the current standards
unchanged. As HUD stated in responding to comments in subsection 2, Resources
Available, of this preamble, HUD is encouraging designated parties and owners in
remote rural areas to contact HUD if they encounter difficulty in finding lead
professionals and contractors, to see if the Department can help find them, and
will keep these comments in mind as it implements this rule.

 III. Findings and Certifications

 A. Regulatory Review--Executive Orders 12866 and 13563



 Under Executive Order 12866 (Regulatory Planning and Review), a determination
must be made whether a regulatory action is significant and, therefore, subject
to review by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) in accordance with the
requirements of the order. Executive Order 13563 (Improving Regulations and
Regulatory Review) directs executive agencies to analyze regulations that are
"outmoded, ineffective, insufficient, or excessively burdensome, and to modify,
streamline, expand, or repeal them in accordance with what has been learned.
Executive Order 13563 also directs that, where relevant, feasible, and
consistent with regulatory objectives, and to the extent permitted by law,
agencies are to identify and consider regulatory approaches that reduce burdens
and maintain flexibility and freedom of choice for the public. OMB reviewed this
final rule under Executive Order 12866 (entitled "Regulatory Planning and
Review"). This rule was determined to be a "significant regulatory action," (but
not economically significant) as defined in 3(f) of the order. The docket file
is available for public inspection electronically at Federal eRulemaking Portal
at http://www.regulations.gov under the title and docket number of this rule,
HUD-2016-0096.

 B. Regulatory Impact Assessment



 HUD is publishing, concurrently with this final rule, its final Regulatory
Impact Analysis (RIA) that examines the costs and benefits of the final
regulatory action in conjunction with this final rule, organized into three
sections: Cost-Benefit Analysis; Sensitivity Analysis; and Economic Impacts. The
RIA is available on-line at: http://www.regulations.gov. The major findings in
the RIA are presented in this summary.



 The analysis of net benefits reflects costs and benefits associated with the
first year of hazard evaluation and reduction activities under the final rule.
These costs and benefits, however, include the present value of future costs and
benefits associated with first year lead-based paint hazard reduction
activities. Similarly, the benefits of first year activities include the present
value of lifetime earnings benefits for children living in the affected unit
during that first year, and for children living in that unit during the second
and subsequent years after lead-based paint hazard reduction activities.



 In regard to the discount rate used for this regulatory analysis, HUD is using
both the 3 percent, and the 7 percent discount rates in accordance with OMB
guidance in OMB Circulars A-4, Regulatory Analysis
(https://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/circulars_a004_a-4/), and A-94, Guidelines and
Discount Rates for Benefit-Cost Analysis of Federal Programs
(https://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/circulars_a094). By presenting results using
both 3 and 7 percent discount rates, HUD is providing a broad view of costs and
benefits.



 Employing a 3 percent discount rate of the lifetime earnings estimates, the RIA
concludes that monetized benefits of activities have a present value of $98.96
million; while first-year costs are $29.04 million. Thus the estimated net
benefit is $69.92 million using a 3 percent discount rate. If a 7 percent
discount rate is used for lifetime earnings benefits, the monetized present
value of the benefits of the final rule are estimated to be $32.15 million, with
estimated first year costs remaining at $29.04 million. The final rule would
therefore be seen as having a net benefit of $3.11 million using the 7 percent
discount rate.



 Further, the monetized benefit estimates represent a lower bound on benefits,
as they only account for lifetime earnings resulting from cognitive impacts on
children under age six. Reductions in lead exposure would be expected to result
in additional health benefits for these children, as well as older children and
adults living in or visiting the housing units addressed by the rule. Such
additional benefits include avoidance of harmful symptoms of lead poisoning such
as: Decreased attention, increased impulsivity, hyperactivity, impaired hearing,
slowed growth, and delayed menarche. (24)



 Costs are overestimated, such as by assuming that only one environmental
investigation is conducted in a property at a time, that that each housing unit
has at most one child with an EBLL. The analysis also assumes that no designated
parties are eligible for (nor take, if they are eligible) the exemptions from
conducting a risk assessment of other housing units covered by this rule, and
that each index unit has lead-based paint hazards, whether or not the
environmental investigation identifies non-lead-based paint lead hazards. These
assumptions would tend to overestimate both the costs and benefits of the
regulation.



 That the benefit-cost calculation giving lower weight to future generations
shows a smaller net benefit is not surprising, given that the monetized benefits
of the rule pertain to the future earnings of children under age six (6), while
the costs pertain to the designated parties of the housing in which the young
children currently reside. As noted above, the calculation included monetized
benefits but not non-monetized quality of life factors associated with
children's lower intelligence, fewer skills, and reduced education and job
potential, and adults' cognitive function decrements, psychopathological effects
(self-reported symptoms of depression and anxiety), hypertension, coronary heart
disease, blood system effects (decreased red blood cell survival and function,
and altered heme synthesis), male reproductive function decrements, among other
effects. (25)

 C. Paperwork Reduction Act Statement



 The information collection requirements contained in this rule have been
approved by or are pending with the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under
the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. 3501-3520) and assigned OMB
control number 2539-0009. In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of
1995, an agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to
respond to, a collection of information, unless the collection displays a
currently valid OMB control number.

 D. Regulatory Flexibility Act



 In accordance with the Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 605(b)), HUD has
reviewed this final rule before publication and by approving it for publication,
certifies that the regulatory requirements would not have a significant economic
impact on a substantial number of small entities, other than those impacts
specifically required to be applied universally by the statute. As discussed
below, the requirements of the final rule are applicable only to a limited and
specifically defined portion of the nation's housing stock. To the extent that
the requirements affect small entities, the impact is generally discussed in the
economic analysis that accompanies this final rule. Specifically, the economic
analysis estimated the number of small entities and voucher owners that would be
impacted by the rule, as well as the number of index units and other assisted
units to be evaluated and, possibly, based on the evaluation, having lead hazard
control work done.



 HUD has estimated that this final rule affects two types of small entities,
Public Housing Agencies (PHAs) and private lessors and owners. There are 2,334
small PHAs, defined as PHAs with fewer than 250 units, which make up for 75
percent of the public housing stock across the country. HUD has estimated that
there are approximately 42,618 private landlords/lessors of residential real
estate, or approximately 99 percent of the 42,911 lessors of residential real
estate counted in the 2012 Economic Census, where SBA defines a "small" business
as one that earns annual revenues (sales receipts) of less than $27.5 million.
Finally, HUD has estimated the number of owners who participate in the housing
choice voucher program. It is noted that based on HUD data, the overwhelming
proportion of owners rent to very few voucher tenants. Approximately two-thirds
of owners who rent to voucher tenants rent to only one voucher tenant household.
Many of these are likely owners of single-family homes for whom the rental
income is not the primary source of income. Approximately 90 percent rent to no
more than 4 voucher tenant households, which could be housed in a large
two-story building. Very few owners rent to enough voucher tenants to occupy
multiple buildings. Fewer than 0.6 percent of voucher tenant owners will be
affected by this rule (out of the 647,956 owners with voucher tenant households,
at most, an estimated 3,383 such owners, assuming that each EBLL case occurs in
a housing unit owned by an owner none of whose other properties with voucher
tenant households have children with an EBLL.



 HUD has determined, for each type of assistance and for all types of assistance
together, the economic analysis also estimated:



     The cost per unit of the evaluation (environmental investigation for index
units, and risk assessments for other units that are assisted and have a child
under age six (6) residing, as per the current LSHR);

     The total cost of the evaluation and hazard control (for index units, other
units, and both); and

     The percentage of units evaluated and possibly, based on the evaluation
results, hazard controlled (again, for index units, other units, and both).



 The annual estimates are summarized in the table below.

 Table 1--Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Unit cost activity    Public housing
HUDproject-basedassistance    Tenant-based assistance
USDAproject-basedassistance    Total

 Unit cost of evaluation, and weighted hazard control and temporary relocation
for index units    $2,890.33    $2,890.33    $2,890.33    $2,890.33

 Est. no. buildings/complexes with child having EBLL    1,899    1,494    3,383
112    6,887

 Presume LBP hazard prevalence in index units    100%    100%    100%    100%


 Cost of evaluation, hazard control and temporary relocation in index units
$5,488,724    $4,318,158    $9,776,541    $323,720    $19,907,143

 Unit cost of evaluation, and weighted hazard control and temporary relocation
for other units    $611.37    $611.37    $611.37    $611.37

 Est. no. other units with assisted rental units having child under age 6
8,014    3,783    2,855    284    14,936

 Total number of units evaluated    9,913    5,277    6,238    396    21,823

 Estimated LBP hazard prevalence in other units, per the American Healthy Homes
Survey    12.30%    12.30%    12.30%    12.30%

 Estimated no. other units with LBP hazards identified and controlled    986
465    351    35    1,837

 Cost for other assisted rental units having child under age 6    $4,899,521
$2,312,806    $1,745,456    $173,629    $9,131,412

 Total cost    $10,388,245    $6,630,964    $11,521,998    $497,349
$29,038,556

 Total number of units evaluated and having hazards controlled    2,885    1,959
3,734    147    8,725

 Program assistance per unit    $5,849.09    $9,013.33    $9,329.09    $4,911.00


 Total number of assisted units    1,100,000    1,200,000    2,200,000
286,108    $4,786,108

 Percent of assisted units evaluated    0.90%    0.44%    0.28%    0.14%
0.46%

 Percent of assisted units evaluated and having hazards controlled    0.26%
0.16%    0.17%    0.05%    0.18%

 # assisted units that would be forgone if funding were from funding agency with
no appropriation increase    1,776    736    1,235    101    3,848

 % assisted units that would be forgone if funding were from funding agency with
no appropriation increase    0.161%    0.061%    0.056%    0.035%    0.080%



 Among the key results are that, in each year:



     About 6,887 housing units are estimated to have a child under age six (6)
with a blood lead level that is elevated but not an environmental intervention
blood lead level; these units would be required to have an environmental
investigation and have any lead-based paint hazards controlled. An additional
152 housing units would have a child under age six (6) with a blood lead level
that is an environmental intervention blood lead level; these units would be
required to have an environmental investigation, rather than a risk assessment,
as under the current rule, and have any lead-based paint hazards controlled.

     About 14,936 other housing units would have a risk assessment, of which
about 1,837 are estimated to have lead-based paint hazards, and to have these
hazards controlled by certified firms and workers using lead-safe work practices
and clearance (i.e., conservatively, all of the lead-based paint hazards are
assumed to be significant, that is, above the de minimis levels of
§&thinsp;35.1350(d)).

     About 0.46 percent of the assisted housing stock covered by this rulemaking
would be evaluated (i.e., have an environmental investigation or a risk
assessment), specifically, 0.90 percent of the public housing stock, 0.44
percent of the HUD project-based rental assisted housing stock, 0.28 percent of
the tenant-based rental assisted housing stock, and 0.14 percent of the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) project-based rental assisted housing stock.

     About 0.18 percent of the assisted housing stock covered by this rulemaking
would have lead-based paint hazards controlled, specifically, 0.26 percent of
the public housing stock, 0.16 percent of the HUD project-based rental assisted
housing stock, 0.17 percent of the tenant-based rental assisted housing stock,
and 0.05 percent of the USDA project-based rental assisted housing stock.

     The total cost of evaluation and control (and the small amount of temporary
relocation of occupants) would be $29.04 million, including $10.39 million for
public housing, $6.63 million for HUD project-based rental assisted housing,
$11.52 million for tenant-based rental assisted housing, and $497 thousand for
USDA project-based rental assisted housing.

     Using the 3 percent discount rate, benefits are estimated at $98.96
million, with net benefits (i.e., benefits less the $29.04 million in costs)
estimated at $69.92 million. Using the OMB's 7 percent discount rate, benefits
are estimated at $32.15 million, with costs remaining at $29.04 million, so the
net benefits would be $3.11 million.

     Regarding index units, for FY 2017, an estimated 1,899 units of public
housing, 1,494 units of HUD project-based rental assisted housing, 3,383 units
of tenant-based rental assisted housing, and 112 units of USDA project-based
rental assisted housing have children under age 6 with EBLLs that are not
EIBLLs, that is, children for whom an environmental investigation and possible
(i.e., if hazards are found) interim control of their housing unit and common
area servicing it would be newly required under the final rule.

     Regarding other units in the same property to have risk assessments
conducted because they have children under age six (6) residing, there would be
an estimated 8,014 units of public housing, 3,783 units of HUD project-based
rental assisted housing, 2,855 units of tenant-based rental assisted housing,
and 284 units of USDA project-based rental assisted housing.

     Regarding these other units having interim controls conducted based on the
risk assessments finding lead-based paint hazards, there would be an estimated
986 units of public housing, 465 units of HUD project-based rental assisted
housing, 351 units of tenant-based rental assisted housing, and 35 units of USDA
project-based rental assisted housing that would have such controls.

     The conservative (i.e., intentionally high, in this instance) assumption
about the properties in which these children reside is that each of them is a
different property (vs. there being more than one such child in a property); a
similarly conservative assumption about the private entities (i.e., the ones
that lease units receiving project-based rental assistance to the families of
these children, or that lease units occupied by households receiving
tenant-based rental assistance to their families) is that all of them are small
entities and all have just one such child (vs. an entity having more than one
property with such a child), and that all index units in such properties have
lead-based paint hazards. The economic analysis used the FY 2017 Congressional
Justifications of the estimated number of housing units assisted by the several
programs, recognizing that the actual numbers assisted vary over time: 1,100,000
public housing units, 1,200,000 HUD project-based rental assistance units,
2,200,000 tenant-based rental assistance units, and 286,108 USDA project-based
rental assistance units.



 E. Environmental Impact



 A Finding of No Significant Impact with respect to the environment has been
made in accordance with HUD regulations at 24 CFR part 50, which implements
section 102(2)(C) of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C.
4332(2)(C)). The Finding of No Significant Impact is available for public
inspection electronically at Federal eRulemaking Portal at
http://www.regulations.gov under the title and docket number of this rule.

 F. Executive Order 13132, Federalism



 Executive Order 13132 (entitled "Federalism") prohibits an agency from
publishing any rule that has federalism implications if the rule either imposes
substantial direct compliance costs on State and local governments or is not
required by statute, or the rule preempts State law, unless the agency meets the
consultation and funding requirements of section 6 of the Executive Order. This
rule will not have federalism implications and would not impose substantial
direct compliance costs on State and local governments or preempt State law
within the meaning of the Executive Order.

 G. Unfunded Mandates Reform Act



 Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1531-1538)
(UMRA) establishes requirements for federal agencies to assess the effects of
their regulatory actions on State, local, and tribal governments, and on the
private sector. This rule does not impose any federal mandates on any State,
local, or tribal governments, or on the private sector, within the meaning of
UMRA.

 List of Subjects in 24 CFR Part 35



 Grant programs--housing and community development, Lead poisoning, Mortgage
insurance, Rent subsidies, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements.



 Accordingly, for the reasons stated in the preamble, HUD amends 24 CFR part 35
to read as follows:

 Part 35 Lead Based Paint Poisoning Prevention in Certain Residential Structures


 Regulatory Text



 1. The authority citation for 24 CFR part 35 continues to read as follows:

 Authority:



 42 U.S.C. 3535(d), 4821, and 4851.

 §&thinsp;35.105

 [Removed and Reserved]

 Regulatory Text



 2. Remove and reserve §&thinsp;35.105.



 3. In §&thinsp;35.110, add, in alphabetical order the definitions of "Elevated
blood lead level" and "Environmental investigation", revise the definitions of
"Certified", "Evaluation" and "Expected to reside" and remove the definition of
"Environmental intervention blood lead level", to read as follows:

 §&thinsp;35.110 Definitions.



 * * * * *



 Certified means certified to perform such activities as risk assessment,
lead-based paint inspection, abatement supervision, or renovation, either by a
State or Indian tribe with a lead-based paint certification program authorized
by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), in accordance with 40 CFR part
745, subpart Q, or by the EPA, in accordance with 40 CFR part 745, subparts E or
L.



 * * * * *



 Elevated blood lead level means a confirmed concentration of lead in whole
blood of a child under age 6 equal to or greater than the concentration in the
most recent guidance published by the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services (HHS) on recommending that an environmental intervention be conducted.
(When HHS changes the value, HUD will publish a notice in the Federal Register,
with the opportunity for public comment, on its intent to apply the changed
value to this part, and, after considering comments, publish a notice on its
applying the changed value to this part.)



 * * * * *



 Environmental investigation means the process of determining the source of lead
exposure for a child under age 6 with an elevated blood lead level, consisting
of administration of a questionnaire, comprehensive environmental sampling, case
management, and other measures, in accordance with chapter 16 of the HUD
Guidelines for the Evaluation and Control of Lead-Based Paint Hazards in Housing
("Guidelines").



 Evaluation means a risk assessment, a lead hazard screen, a lead-based paint
inspection, paint testing, or a combination of these to determine the presence
of lead-based paint hazards or lead-based paint, or an environmental
investigation.



 Expected to reside means there is actual knowledge that a child will reside in
a dwelling unit reserved or designated exclusively for the elderly or reserved
or designated exclusively for persons with disabilities. If a resident woman is
known to be pregnant, there is actual knowledge that a child will reside in the
dwelling unit.



 * * * * *



 4. Amend §&thinsp;35.125 by adding paragraph (c)(4)(iii) to read as follows:

 §&thinsp;35.125 Notice of evaluation and hazard reduction activities.



 * * * * *



 (c) * * *



 (4) * * *



 (iii) However, for the protection of the privacy of the child and the child's
family or guardians, no notice of environmental investigation shall be posted to
any centrally located common area.

 §&thinsp;35.155

 [Amended]

 Regulatory Text



 5. Amend §&thinsp;35.155(a) by removing the phrase "designated party or
occupant" wherever it appears and adding in its place the phrase "designated
party or owner".

 §&thinsp;35.165

 [Amended]

 Regulatory Text



 6. Amend §&thinsp;35.165(b)(4) by removing the term "environmental intervention
blood lead level" wherever it appears and adding its place the term "elevated
blood lead level".



 7. Revise §&thinsp;35.325 to read as follows:

 §&thinsp;35.325 Child with an elevated blood lead level.



 (a) If a child less than 6 years of age living in a federally assisted dwelling
unit has an elevated blood lead level, the owner shall immediately conduct an
environmental investigation. Interim controls of identified lead-based paint
hazards shall be conducted in accordance with §&thinsp;35.1330.



 (b) Other assisted dwelling units in the property. (1) If the environmental
investigation conducted under paragraph (a) of this section identifies
lead-based paint hazards, the owner shall conduct a risk assessment for other
assisted dwelling units covered by this subpart in which a child under age 6
resides or is expected to reside on the date interim controls are complete, and
for the common areas servicing those units. The risk assessments shall be
conducted within 30 calendar days after receipt of the environmental
investigation report on the index unit if there are 20 or fewer such units, or
60 calendar days for risk assessments if there are more than 20 such units. If
the risk assessment identifies lead-based paint hazards, the owner shall control
identified hazards in accordance with §&thinsp;35.1325 or §&thinsp;35.1330 in
those units and common areas within 30 calendar days, or within 90 calendar days
if more than 20 units have lead-based paint hazards such that the control work
would disturb painted surfaces that total more than the de minimis threshold of
§&thinsp;35.1350(d).



 (2) The requirements for other assisted dwelling units covered by paragraph
(b)(1) of this section do not apply if:



 (i) The owner both conducted a risk assessment of the other assisted dwelling
units covered by paragraph (b)(1), and the common areas servicing those units,
and conducted reduction of identified lead-based paint hazards in accordance
with §&thinsp;35.1325 or §&thinsp;35.1330 between the date the child's blood was
last sampled and the date the owner received the notification of the elevated
blood lead level; or



 (ii) The owner provides the Federal agency documentation of compliance with
evaluation, notification, lead disclosure, ongoing lead-based paint maintenance,
and lead-based paint management requirements under this part throughout the 12
months preceding the date the owner received the environmental investigation
report.



 (c) Interim controls are complete when clearance is achieved in accordance with
§&thinsp;35.1340.



 (d) The Federal agency shall establish a timetable for completing, and
providing documentation to the agency on the environmental investigation, risk
assessments, and lead-based paint hazard reduction when a child is identified as
having an elevated blood lead level.

 §&thinsp;35.715

 [Amended]

 Regulatory Text



 8. Amend §&thinsp;35.715 by:



 a. Redesignating paragraph (d)(4) as paragraph (e); and



 b. In newly redesignated paragraph (e), remove the term "environmental
intervention blood lead level" wherever it appears and adding in its place
"elevated blood lead level".

 §&thinsp;35.720

 [Amended]

 Regulatory Text



 9. Amend §&thinsp;35.720(c) by removing the term "environmental intervention
blood lead level" wherever it appears and adding in its place "elevated blood
lead level".



 10. Revise §&thinsp;35.730 to read as follows:

 §&thinsp;35.730 Child with an elevated blood lead level.



 (a) Environmental investigation. Within 15 calendar days after being notified
by a public health department or other medical health care provider that a child
of less than 6 years of age living in a dwelling unit to which this subpart
applies has been identified as having an elevated blood lead level, the owner
shall complete an environmental investigation of the dwelling unit in which the
child lived at the time the blood was last sampled and of common areas servicing
the dwelling unit. The requirements of this paragraph apply regardless of
whether the child is or is not still living in the unit when the owner receives
the notification of the elevated blood lead level. The requirements of this
paragraph shall not apply if the owner conducted an environmental investigation
of the unit and common areas servicing the unit between the date the child's
blood was last sampled and the date when the owner received the notification of
the elevated blood lead level. If the owner conducted a risk assessment of the
unit and common areas servicing the unit during that period, the owner need not
conduct another risk assessment there but shall conduct the elements of an
environmental investigation not already conducted during the risk assessment. If
a public health department has already conducted an evaluation of the dwelling
unit in regard to the child's elevated blood lead level case, the requirements
of this paragraph shall not apply.



 (b) Verification. After receiving information from a person who is not a
medical health care provider that a child of less than 6 years of age living in
a dwelling unit covered by this subpart may have an elevated blood lead level,
the owner shall immediately verify the information with the public health
department or other medical health care provider. If the public health
department or provider denies the request, such as because it does not have the
capacity to verify that information, the owner shall send documentation of the
denial to the HUD rental assistance program manager, who shall make an effort to
verify the information. If the public health department or provider verifies
that the child has an elevated blood lead level, such verification shall
constitute notification, and the owner shall take the action required in
paragraphs (a) and (c) of this section.



 (c) Lead-based paint hazard reduction. Within 30 calendar days after receiving
the report of the environmental investigation conducted pursuant to paragraph
(a) of this section or the evaluation from the public health department, the
owner shall complete the reduction of identified lead-based paint hazards in
accordance with §&thinsp;35.1325 or §&thinsp;35.1330. Lead-based paint hazard
reduction is considered complete when clearance is achieved in accordance with
§&thinsp;35.1340 and the clearance report states that all lead-based paint
hazards identified in the environmental investigation have been treated with
interim controls or abatement or the public health department certifies that the
lead-based paint hazard reduction is complete. The requirements of this
paragraph do not apply if the owner, between the date the child's blood was last
sampled and the date the owner received the notification of the elevated blood
lead level, already conducted an environmental investigation of the unit and
common areas servicing the unit and completed reduction of identified lead-based
paint hazards. If the owner conducted a risk assessment of the unit and common
areas servicing the unit during that period, the owner is not required to
conduct another risk assessment there but shall conduct the elements of an
environmental investigation not already conducted during the risk assessment.



 (d) If an environmental investigation or lead-based paint hazard evaluation or
reduction is undertaken, each owner shall provide notice to occupants in
accordance with §&thinsp;35.125.



 (e) Reporting requirement. (1) The owner shall report the name and address of a
child identified as having an elevated blood lead level to the public health
department within 5 business days of being so notified by any other medical
health care professional.



 (2) The owner shall also report each confirmed case of a child with an elevated
blood lead level to the HUD field office and HUD Office of Lead Hazard Control
and Healthy Homes within 5 business days of being so notified.



 (3) The owner shall provide to the HUD field office documentation that the
designated party has conducted the activities of paragraphs (a) through (d) of
this section, within 10 business days of the deadline for each activity.



 (f) Other assisted dwelling units in the property. (1) If the environmental
investigation conducted pursuant to paragraph (a) of this section identifies
lead-based paint hazards, the owner shall, for other assisted dwelling units
covered by this part in which a child under age 6 resides or is expected to
reside on the date lead-based paint hazard reduction under paragraph (c) of this
section is complete, and for the common areas servicing those units, conduct a
risk assessment within 30 calendar days after receipt of the environmental
investigation report if there are 20 or fewer such other units, or 60 calendar
days if there are more than 20 such other units.



 (2) Control measures. If the risk assessment conducted under paragraph (f)(1)
of this section identifies lead-based paint hazards, the owner shall complete
the reduction of identified lead-based paint hazards in accordance with
§&thinsp;35.1325 or §&thinsp;35.1330 in those units and common areas within 30
calendar days, or within 90 calendar days if more than 20 units have lead-based
paint hazards such that the control work would disturb painted surfaces that
total more than the de minimis threshold of §&thinsp;35.1350(d). Lead-based
paint hazard reduction is considered complete when clearance is achieved in
accordance with §&thinsp;35.1340 and the clearance report states that all
lead-based paint hazards identified in the risk assessment have been treated
with interim controls or abatement.



 (3) The owner shall provide to the HUD field office documentation that the
designated party has conducted the activities of paragraph (f)(1) and (f)(2) of
this section, within 10 business days of the deadline for each activity.



 (4) The requirements of this paragraph (f) do not apply if:



 (i) The owner both conducted a risk assessment of the other assisted dwelling
units covered by paragraph (f)(1) of this section and the common areas servicing
those units, and conducted reduction of identified lead-based paint hazards in
accordance with §&thinsp;35.1325 or §&thinsp;35.1330 between the date the
child's blood was last sampled and the date the owner received the notification
of the elevated blood lead level; or



 (ii) The owner has documentation of compliance with evaluation, notification,
lead disclosure, ongoing lead-based paint maintenance, and lead-based paint
management requirements under this part throughout the 12 months preceding the
date the owner received the environmental investigation report pursuant to
paragraph (a) of this section; and



 (iii) In either case, the owner provides to the HUD field office documentation
that it has conducted the activities of paragraphs (f)(4)(i) and (ii) of this
section, within 10 business days of the deadline for each activity.



 11. Revise §&thinsp;35.830 to read as follows:

 §&thinsp;35.830 Child with an elevated blood lead level.



 (a) Environmental investigation. Within 15 calendar days after being notified
by a public health department or other medical health care provider that a child
of less than 6 years of age living in a dwelling unit owned by HUD (or where HUD
is mortgagee-in-possession) has been identified as having an elevated blood lead
level, HUD shall complete an environmental investigation of the dwelling unit in
which the child lived at the time the blood was last sampled and of common areas
servicing the dwelling unit. The requirements of this paragraph apply regardless
of whether the child is or is not still living in the unit when HUD receives the
notification of the elevated blood lead level. The requirements of this
paragraph shall not apply if HUD conducted an environmental investigation of the
unit and common areas servicing the unit between the date the child's blood was
last sampled and the date when HUD received the notification of the elevated
blood lead level. If HUD conducted a risk assessment of the unit and common
areas servicing the unit during that period, HUD is not required to conduct
another risk assessment there but it shall conduct the elements of an
environmental investigation not already conducted during the risk assessment. If
a public health department has already conducted an evaluation of the dwelling
unit in regard to the child's elevated blood lead level case, the requirements
of this paragraph shall not apply.



 (b) Verification. After receiving information from a person who is not a
medical health care provider that a child of less than 6 years of age living in
a dwelling unit covered by this subpart may have an elevated blood lead level,
HUD shall immediately verify the information with the public health department
or other medical health care provider. If the public health department or
provider denies the request, such as because it does not have the capacity to
verify that information, the HUD Realty Specialist assigned to that property
shall send documentation of the denial to the HUD Office of Lead Hazard Control
and Healthy Homes, which shall make an effort to verify the information. If the
public health department or provider verifies that the child has an elevated
blood lead level, such verification shall constitute notification, and HUD shall
take the action required in paragraphs (a) and (c) of this section.



 (c) Lead-based paint hazard reduction. Within 30 calendar days after receiving
the report of the environmental investigation conducted pursuant to paragraph
(a) of this section or the evaluation from the public health department, HUD
shall complete the reduction of identified lead-based paint hazards in
accordance with §&thinsp;35.1325 or §&thinsp;35.1330. Lead-based paint hazard
reduction is considered complete when clearance is achieved in accordance with
§&thinsp;35.1340 and the clearance report states that all lead-based paint
hazards identified in the environmental investigation have been treated with
interim controls or abatement or the public health department certifies that the
lead-based paint hazard reduction is complete. The requirements of this
paragraph do not apply if HUD, between the date the child's blood was last
sampled and the date HUD received the notification of the elevated blood lead
level, already conducted an environmental investigation of the unit and common
areas servicing the unit and completed reduction of identified lead-based paint
hazards. If HUD conducted a risk assessment of the unit and common areas
servicing the unit during that period, it is not required to conduct another
risk assessment there but it shall conduct the elements of an environmental
investigation not already conducted during the risk assessment.



 (d) Notice. If lead-based paint hazard evaluation or reduction is undertaken,
each owner shall provide a notice to occupants in accordance with
§&thinsp;35.125.



 (e) Reporting requirement. (1) HUD shall report the name and address of a child
identified as having an elevated blood lead level to the public health
department within 5 business days of being so notified by any other medical
health care professional.



 (2) HUD shall also report each confirmed case of a child with an elevated blood
lead level to the HUD Office of Lead Hazard Control and Healthy Homes within 5
business days of being so notified.



 (3) HUD shall provide to the HUD Office of Lead Hazard Control and Healthy
Homes documentation that it has conducted the activities of paragraphs (a)
through (d) of this section, within 10 business days of the deadline for each
activity.



 (f) Other assisted dwelling units in the property. (1) If the environmental
investigation conducted pursuant to paragraph (a) of this section identifies
lead-based paint hazards, HUD shall, for other assisted dwelling units covered
by this part in which a child under age 6 resides or is expected to reside on
the date lead-based paint hazard reduction under paragraph (c) of this section,
and the common areas servicing those units, is complete, conduct a risk
assessment in accordance with §&thinsp;35.815 within 30 calendar days after
receipt of the environmental investigation report if there are 20 or fewer such
other units, or 60 calendar days if there are more than 20 such other units.



 (2) If the risk assessment conducted under paragraph (f)(1) of this section
identifies lead-based paint hazards, HUD shall complete the reduction of
identified lead-based paint hazards in accordance with §&thinsp;35.1325 or
§&thinsp;35.1330 in those units and common areas within 30 calendar days, or
within 90 calendar days if more than 20 units have lead-based paint hazards such
that the control work would disturb painted surfaces that total more than the de
minimis threshold of §&thinsp;35.1350(d). Lead-based paint hazard reduction is
considered complete when clearance is achieved in accordance with
§&thinsp;35.1340 and the clearance report states that all lead-based paint
hazards identified in the risk assessment have been treated with interim
controls or abatement.



 (3) The requirements of this paragraph (f) do not apply if:



 (i) HUD, between the date the child's blood was last sampled and the date HUD
received the notification of the elevated blood lead level, both conducted a
risk assessment in the other assisted dwelling units covered by paragraph (f)(1)
of this section and the common areas servicing those units, and conducted
interim controls of identified lead-based paint hazards in accordance with
§&thinsp;35.820; or



 (ii) HUD has documentation of compliance with evaluation, notification, lead
disclosure, ongoing lead-based paint maintenance, and lead-based paint
management requirements under this part throughout the 12 months preceding the
date HUD received the environmental investigation report pursuant to paragraph
(a) of this section.



 (4) HUD shall provide to the HUD Office of Lead Hazard Control and Healthy
Homes documentation that it has conducted the activities of paragraph (f)(1)
through (2) of this section, or that it has complied with the requirements in
paragraph (f)(3) of this section, within 10 business days of the deadline for
each activity.



 (g) Closing. If the closing of a sale is scheduled during the period when HUD
is responding to a case of a child with an elevated blood lead level, HUD may
arrange for the completion of the procedures required by paragraphs (a) through
(d) of this section by the purchaser within a reasonable period of time.



 (h) Extensions. The Assistant Secretary for Housing-Federal Housing
Commissioner or designee may consider and approve a request for an extension of
deadlines established by this section for lead-based paint inspection, risk
assessment, environmental investigation, lead-based paint hazard reduction,
clearance, and reporting. Such a request may be considered, however, only during
the first six months during which HUD is owner or mortgagee-in-possession of a
multifamily property.



 12. Revise §&thinsp;35.1130 to read as follows:

 §&thinsp;35.1130 Child with an elevated blood lead level.



 (a) Environmental investigation. Within 15 calendar days after being notified
by a public health department or other medical health care provider that a child
of less than 6 years of age living in a dwelling unit to which this subpart
applies has been identified as having an elevated blood lead level, the PHA
shall complete an environmental investigation of the dwelling unit in which the
child lived at the time the blood was last sampled and of common areas servicing
the dwelling unit. The environmental investigation is considered complete when
the PHA receives the environmental investigation report. The requirements of
this paragraph apply regardless of whether the child is or is not still living
in the unit when the PHA receives the notification of the elevated blood lead
level. The requirements of this paragraph shall not apply if the PHA conducted
an environmental investigation of the unit and common areas servicing the unit
between the date the child's blood was last sampled and the date when the PHA
received the notification of the elevated blood lead level. If the PHA conducted
a risk assessment of the unit and common areas servicing the unit during that
period, the PHA need not conduct another risk assessment there but shall conduct
the elements of an environmental investigation not already conducted during the
risk assessment. If a public health department has already conducted an
evaluation of the dwelling unit in regard to the child's elevated blood lead
level case, the requirements of this paragraph shall not apply.



 (b) Verification. After receiving information from a person who is not a
medical health care provider that a child of less than 6 years of age living in
a dwelling unit covered by this subpart may have an elevated blood lead level,
the PHA shall immediately verify the information with the public health
department or other medical health care provider. If that department or provider
denies the request, such as because it does not have the capacity to verify that
information, the PHA shall send documentation of the denial to its HUD field
office, who shall make an effort to verify the information. If that department
or provider verifies that the child has an elevated blood lead level, such
verification shall constitute notification, and the housing agency shall take
the action required in paragraphs (a) and (c) of this section.



 (c) Lead-based paint hazard reduction. Within 30 calendar days after receiving
the report of the environmental investigation conducted pursuant to paragraph
(a) of this section or the evaluation from the public health department, the PHA
shall complete the reduction of identified lead-based paint hazards in
accordance with §&thinsp;35.1325 or §&thinsp;35.1330. Lead-based paint hazard
reduction is considered complete when clearance is achieved in accordance with
§&thinsp;35.1340 and the clearance report states that all lead-based paint
hazards identified in the environmental investigation have been treated with
interim controls or abatement or the local or State health department certifies
that the lead-based paint hazard reduction is complete. The requirements of this
paragraph do not apply if the PHA, between the date the child's blood was last
sampled and the date the PHA received the notification of the elevated blood
lead level, already conducted an environmental investigation of the unit and
common areas servicing the unit and completed reduction of identified lead-based
paint hazards. If the PHA conducted a risk assessment of the unit and common
areas servicing the unit during that period, it is not required to conduct
another risk assessment there but it shall conduct the elements of an
environmental investigation not already conducted during the risk assessment. If
the PHA does not complete the lead-based paint hazard reduction required by this
section, the dwelling unit is in violation of the standards of 24 CFR 965.601,
which incorporates the uniform physical condition standards of
§&thinsp;5.703(f), including that it be free of lead-based paint hazards.



 (d) Notice of lead-based paint hazard evaluation and reduction. The PHA shall
notify building residents of any lead-based paint hazard evaluation or reduction
activities in accordance with §&thinsp;35.125.



 (e) Reporting requirement. (1) The PHA shall report the name and address of a
child identified as having an elevated blood lead level to the public health
department within 5 business days of being so notified by any other medical
health care professional.



 (2) The PHA shall report each confirmed case of a child with an elevated blood
lead level to the HUD field office and the HUD Office of Lead Hazard Control and
Healthy Homes within 5 business days of being so notified.



 (3) The PHA shall provide to the HUD field office documentation that it has
conducted the activities of paragraphs (a) through (d) of this section, within
10 business days of the deadline for each activity.



 (f) Other units in the property. (1) If the environmental investigation
conducted pursuant to paragraph (a) of this section identifies lead-based paint
hazards, the PHA shall conduct a risk assessment of other units of the building
in which a child under age 6 resides or is expected to reside on the date
lead-based paint hazard reduction under paragraph (c) of this section is
complete, and the common areas servicing those units within 30 calendar days
after receipt of the environmental investigation report if there are 20 or fewer
such other units, or 60 calendar days if there are more such units.



 (2) If the risk assessment conducted under paragraph (f)(1) of this section
identifies lead-based paint hazards, the PHA shall control the hazards, in
accordance with Sec. 35.1325 or §&thinsp;35.1330, in those units and common
areas within 30 calendar days, or within 90 calendar days if more than 20 units
have lead-based paint hazards such that the control work would disturb painted
surfaces that total more than the de minimis threshold of §&thinsp;35.1350(d).
Lead-based paint hazard reduction is considered complete when clearance is
achieved in accordance with §&thinsp;35.1340 and the clearance report states
that all lead-based paint hazards identified in the risk assessment have been
treated with interim controls or abatement.



 (3) The PHA shall provide to the HUD field office documentation that it has
conducted the activities of paragraphs (f)(1) and (2) of this section, within 10
business days of the deadline for each activity.



 (4) The requirements of this paragraph (f) of this section do not apply if:



 (i) The PHA, between the date the child's blood was last sampled and the date
the PHA received the notification of the elevated blood lead level, both
conducted a risk assessment of the other assisted dwelling units covered by
paragraph (f)(1) of this section and the common areas servicing those units, and
conducted interim controls of identified hazards in accordance with
§&thinsp;35.1120(b); or



 (ii) If the PHA has documentation of compliance with evaluation, notification,
lead disclosure, ongoing lead-based paint maintenance, and lead-based paint
management requirements under this part throughout the 12 months preceding the
date the PHA received the environmental investigation report pursuant to
paragraph (a) of this section; and,



 (iii) In either case, the PHA provided the HUD field office, within 10 business
days after receiving the notification of the elevated blood lead level,
documentation that it has conducted the activities described in this paragraph
(f)(4) of this section.

 §&thinsp;35.1135

 [Amended]

 Regulatory Text



 13. Amend §&thinsp;35.1135(d) by removing the term "Environmental intervention
blood lead level" and adding in its place the term "Elevated blood lead level".



 14. In §&thinsp;35.1215, amend paragraph (b) by adding a sentence to the end of
the paragraph to read as follows:

 §&thinsp;35.1215 Activities at initial and periodic inspection.



 * * * * *



 (b) * * * For the unit subsequently to come under a HAP contract with the
housing agency for occupancy by a family with a child under age 6, paint
stabilization must be completed, including clearance being achieved in
accordance with §&thinsp;35.1340.



 * * * * *



 15. Revise §&thinsp;35.1225 to read as follows:

 §&thinsp;35.1225 Child with an elevated blood lead level.



 (a) Within 15 calendar days after being notified by a public health department
or other medical health care provider that a child of less than 6 years of age
living in a dwelling unit to which this subpart applies has been identified as
having an elevated blood lead level, the designated party shall complete an
environmental investigation of the dwelling unit in which the child lived at the
time the blood was last sampled and of common areas servicing the dwelling unit.
When the environmental investigation is complete, the designated party shall
immediately provide the report of the environmental investigation to the owner
of the dwelling unit. If the child identified as having an elevated blood lead
level is no longer living in the unit when the designated party receives
notification from the public health department or other medical health care
provider, but another household receiving tenant-based rental assistance is
living in the unit or is planning to live there, the requirements of this
section apply just as they do if the child still lives in the unit. If a public
health department has already conducted an evaluation of the dwelling unit in
regard to the child's elevated blood lead level case, or the designated party
conducted an environmental investigation of the unit and common areas servicing
the unit between the date the child's blood was last sampled and the date when
the designated party received the notification of the elevated blood lead level,
the requirements of this paragraph shall not apply. If the designated party or
the owner conducted a risk assessment of the unit and common areas servicing the
unit during that period, the designated party need not conduct another risk
assessment there but shall conduct the elements of an environmental
investigation not already conducted during the risk assessment.



 (b) Verification. After receiving information from a person who is not a
medical health care provider that a child of less than 6 years of age living in
a dwelling unit covered by this subpart may have an elevated blood lead level,
the designated party shall immediately verify the information with the public
health department or other medical health care provider. If the public health
department or provider denies the request, such as because it does not have the
capacity to verify that information, the designated party shall send
documentation of the denial to the HUD rental assistance program manager, who
shall make an effort to verify the information. If that department or provider
verifies that the child has an elevated blood lead level, such verification
shall constitute notification, and the designated party shall take the action
required in paragraphs (a) and (c) of this section.



 (c) Lead-based paint hazard reduction. Within 30 calendar days after receiving
the report of the environmental investigation from the designated party or the
evaluation from the public health department, the owner shall complete the
reduction of identified lead-based paint hazards in accordance with
§&thinsp;35.1325 or §&thinsp;35.1330. Lead-based paint hazard reduction is
considered complete when clearance is achieved in accordance with
§&thinsp;35.1340 and the clearance report states that all lead-based paint
hazards identified in the environmental investigation have been treated with
interim controls or abatement or the public health department certifies that the
lead-based paint hazard reduction is complete. The requirements of this
paragraph do not apply if the designated party or the owner, between the date
the child's blood was last sampled and the date the designated party received
the notification of the elevated blood lead level, already conducted an
environmental investigation of the unit and common areas servicing the unit and
the owner completed reduction of identified lead-based paint hazards. If the
owner does not complete the lead-based paint hazard reduction required by this
section, the dwelling unit is in violation of the standards of 24 CFR 982.401.



 (d) Notice of lead-based paint hazard evaluation and reduction. The owner shall
notify building residents of any lead-based paint hazard evaluation or reduction
activities in accordance with §&thinsp;35.125.



 (e) Reporting requirement. (1) The owner shall report the name and address of a
child identified as having an elevated blood lead level to the public health
department within 5 business days of being so notified by any other medical
health care professional.



 (2) The owner shall also report each confirmed case of a child with an elevated
blood lead level to the HUD field office and the HUD Office of Lead Hazard
Control and Healthy Homes within 5 business days of being so notified.



 (3) The owner shall provide to the HUD field office documentation that it has
conducted the activities of paragraphs (a) through (d) of this section, within
10 business days of the deadline for each activity.



 (f) Other assisted dwelling units in the property. (1) If the environmental
investigation conducted pursuant to paragraph (a) of this section identifies
lead-based paint hazards, the designated party or the owner shall, for other
assisted dwelling units covered by this part in which a child under age 6
resides or is expected to reside on the date lead-based paint hazard reduction
under paragraph (c) of this section is complete, and the common areas servicing
those units, conduct a risk assessment in accordance with §&thinsp;35.1320(b)
within 30 calendar days after receipt of the environmental investigation report
if there are 20 or fewer such units, or 60 calendar days if there are more such
units.



 (2) If the risk assessment conducted under paragraph (f)(1) of this section
identifies lead-based paint hazards, the owner shall complete the reduction of
the lead-based paint hazards in accordance with §&thinsp;35.1325 or
§&thinsp;35.1330 within 30 calendar days, or within 90 calendar days if more
than 20 units have lead-based paint hazards such that the control work would
disturb painted surfaces that total more than the de minimis threshold of
§&thinsp;35.1350(d). Lead-based paint hazard reduction is considered complete
when clearance is achieved in accordance with §&thinsp;35.1340 and the clearance
report states that all lead-based paint hazards identified in the risk
assessment have been treated with interim controls or abatement.



 (3) The requirements of this paragraph (f) of this section do not apply if:



 (i) The designated party or the owner, between the date the child's blood was
last sampled and the date the owner received the notification of the elevated
blood lead level, both conducted a risk assessment of the other assisted
dwelling units covered by paragraph (f)(1) of this section and the common areas
servicing those units, and the owner conducted interim controls of identified
lead-based paint hazards in accordance with §&thinsp;35.1225(c); or



 (ii) The owner has documentation of compliance with evaluation, notification,
lead disclosure, ongoing lead-based paint maintenance, and lead-based paint
management requirements under this part throughout the 12 months preceding the
date the owner received the environmental investigation report pursuant to
paragraph (a) of this section; and,



 (iii) In either case, the owner provided the HUD field office, within 10
business days after receiving the notification of the elevated blood lead level,
documentation that it has conducted the activities described in this paragraph
(f)(3).



 (g) Data collection and record keeping responsibilities. At least quarterly,
the designated party shall attempt to obtain from the public health
department(s) with area(s) of jurisdiction similar to that of the designated
party the names and/or addresses of children of less than 6 years of age with an
identified elevated blood lead level. At least quarterly, the designated party
shall also report an updated list of the addresses of units receiving assistance
under a tenant-based rental assistance program to the same public health
department(s), except that the report(s) to the public health department(s) is
not required if the health department states that it does not wish to receive
such report. If it obtains names and addresses of elevated blood lead level
children from the public health department(s), the designated party shall match
information on cases of elevated blood lead levels with the names and addresses
of families receiving tenant-based rental assistance, unless the public health
department performs such a matching procedure.



 If a match occurs, the designated party shall carry out the requirements of
this section.



 16. Revise §&thinsp;35.1330(a)(4)(iii) to read as follows:

 §&thinsp;35.1330 Interim controls.



 (a) * * *



 (4) * * *



 (iii) A renovator course accredited in accordance with 40 CFR 745.225.



 * * * * *

 Dated: December 14, 2016.

 Nani Coloretti,

 Deputy Secretary.

 [FR Doc. 2017-00261 Filed 1-12-17; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 4210-67-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             1000 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           October 10, 1992 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

HUD HALTS BUILDING STYLE SHREDDED BY STORM WINDS

BYLINE: By ELIOT KLEINBERG, Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 442 words


The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development has temporarily halted its
projects nationwide that employ "curtain-wall" exterior panel

construction commonly used in South Florida and across the country.

The action came after Hurricane Andrew tore many of the panels off the

Saga Bay apartment complex in southern Dade County, exposing individual

apartments to wind and rain.

Other Dade County buildings with curtain-wall construction sustained

similar damage.

The construction technique involves attaching metal-frame wall panels

onto frames on the side of the building. Attachment methods include screws,

bolts or welding. At Saga Bay, the panels were screwed on.

Gene Sanders, a Fort Lauderdale structural engineer who looked at the

building just after the hurricane, said the panels didn't fail. The screws

that attached them to the building frame were simply pulled out by the winds, he
said.

"In my opinion, these panels should have held," he said. "The screws

were not strong enough to take it."

Officials say they have no evidence of wrongdoing or shoddy

workmanship, but the agency wants to decide whether to bolster its

construction standards.

"While it is known that wind speeds exceeded the recommended design

loads of 130 mph identified by the Southern Building Code for Southern

Florida, there is a possibility that failure may have been caused by faulty

designs or faulty construction," said a Sept. 30 memo from Philip J.

Salamone, HUD's deputy assistant secretary for multi-family housing programs.
"When I went down there, I told my staff I didn't want anything built

with that material till we get to the bottom of this," HUD regional field

manager Jim Chaplin said.

HUD spent $5.5 million to help build the 120-unit complex, which opened

in 1988, and subsidizes the rents of its low-income or disabled residents.

Chaplin said some HUD-backed projects being planned in Florida are

already switching to different construction schemes.

Chaplin could not say Friday whether the agency has any projects in Palm Beach,
Martin or St. Lucie counties that employ the curtain-wall technique.

But it is a "a common construction technique" in Palm Beach County,

said Dominic Sims, deputy director of the county's Building Division. Curtain-
wall construction is cheaper and faster than concrete block construction

and the materials are lighter.

The new courthouse, Northbridge Center and Trump Plaza, all in downtown

West Palm Beach, use the method, said Harold Piskura, a city building

inspector.

The courthouse's panels are welded on, said John Breistol, project

engineer for George Hyman Construction.

"There's a lot of criteria that dictates what connection you use," he

said.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  all editions

GRAPHIC: PHOTO/C
 LANNIS WATERS/Staff Photographer The devastation of the Saga Bay apartment
complex has federal housing officials questioning the safety of its
construction.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 1992 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
