
                               1 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                 Walsh County Press (Park River, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 26, 2012

New Loan Program Available for Rural North Dakota Small Businesses

BYLINE: Walsh County Press staff

LENGTH: 272  words


FARGO, N.D. Lake Agassiz Regional Development Corporation has been selected by
USDA Rural Development to administer the Rural

Microentrepreneur Assistance Program in the state of North Dakota. The program
provides for loans up to $50,000 to qualified small businesses located in rural
areas of the state. Businesses located outside of Fargo/West Fargo and

Bismarck/Mandan are eligible.

The loan program is geared towards small businesses with ten or fewer employees.
Eligible uses of loan proceeds include purchase of furniture, fixtures, and
equipment, working capital needs, and debt refinancing.

Executive Director Irv Rustad stated, "The Rural

Microentrepreneur Assistance Program provides a resource for business owners
seeking financial assistance for their small business. If a small business owner
is unable to obtain conventional financing, this may be a viable option for
them."

Lake Agassiz Regional Development Corporation is a non-profit corporation formed
in 1987 for the purpose of fostering rural development and small business
growth. In addition to the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program, it also
offers other loan programs including the

SBA Microloan Program statewide and the USDA, Rural Development Intermediary

Relending Program on a regional basis. The corporation also operates the
Regional Small Business Center, a small business incubator in downtown Fargo
that hosts over 20 companies.

Loan applications are available at www.lakeagassiz.com For further information,
contact Randy Kingsley at 701-235-1197. or .. randy@lakeagassiz.com Lake Agassiz
Regional.

Development Corporation is an equal opportunity lender.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WAL

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 Walsh County Press


                               2 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 22, 2013 Thursday

Arkansas: USDA Seeks Applicants for Funds to Assist Rural Microentrepreneurs

LENGTH: 776  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Agriculture Department, The State of Arkansas has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced today the availability of loan and
grant funds to support rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

"By supporting very small business enterprises through the Rural
Microentrepreneur Assistance Program, USDA has been able to direct assistance to
small firms that otherwise might not be able to obtain credit," said Vilsack.
"This program has shown that even a modest investment of federal dollars can
have a huge impact for the local economy in small towns across rural America."

Despite budget uncertainties, USDA remains focused on strengthening the rural
economy.

USDA's Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP) was established under
the 2008 Farm Bill to support the development and ongoing success of rural
microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, which are defined as rural businesses
with 10 or fewer employees. About $12.2 million will be provided to eligible
applicants this year. Under the program, USDA may provide loans of up to
$500,000 to Microenterprise Development Organizations (MDOs). They, in turn,
make microloans for business start-up or development to eligible
microentrepreneurs who are unable to obtain conventional credit elsewhere.
Grants of up to $30,000 are available for MDOs to provide technical assistance
and training, particularly in rural areas that have experienced significant
outmigration. USDA does not directly provide funds to the ultimate recipients.

RMAP applications are due by September 13, 2013. More information about how to
apply is available in the August 14, 2013 Federal Register. View it here:
www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/FR-2013-08-14/pdf/2013-19765.pdf, or by contacting any
USDA Rural Development state office.

RMAP funds have helped a number of small businesses since the program began. In
2010, USDA provided the Southern Illinois Coal Belt Champion Community, Inc., a
$500,000 loan and $187,000 grant to capitalize a revolving loan fund and provide
technical assistance for microbusinesses in rural southern Illinois. In the
first three years of the project, this organization has helped 16
microenterprises with direct loans totaling $650,000 that have created or saved
67 jobs. The businesses supported include medical offices, and retail,
restaurant and manufacturing operations.

Since the program began, USDA has provided 97 loans totaling more than $37
million and 124 grants totaling more than $9.5 million to 110 MDOs. These
organizations used the USDA funding to make more than 760 microloans to 712
rural microenterprises. This assistance to individual businesses has created or
saved an estimated 2,700 jobs.

Secretary Vilsack said that today's announcement is another reminder of the
importance of USDA programs, such as RMAP, for rural America. A comprehensive
new Food, Farm and Jobs Bill would further expand the rural economy, Vilsack
added, saying that's just one reason why Congress must get a comprehensive Bill
done as soon as possible.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America. USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American
people, even as the Department implements sequestration - the across-the-board
budget reductions mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act.

USDA has already undertaken historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828
million in taxpayer funds through targeted, common-sense budget reductions.
These reductions have put USDA in a better position to carry out its mission,
while implementing sequester budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as
little disruption as possible. `

For further information please visit: http://aad.arkansas.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 14, 2013 Monday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 392  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Oct 31, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 16, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 392  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 119 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           November 28, 2013 Thursday

Shoppers urged to support local merchants

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 622 words


ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. >> USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner is
urging everyone to support local small businesses this Small Business Saturday
celebration this weekend.

"Please take time to thank the small business owners in your community for their
contributions to the local economy by purchasing their products and services,"
said Brunner. His comments coincide with the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
(USDA) partnership with the White House and the Small Business Administration's
support of small businesses this holiday shopping season.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau there are over 28 million small businesses
throughout the United States, representing 44 percent of U.S. private sector
payroll. These small businesses also create 2 out of every 3 new American jobs.

Many jobs in rural America have been created through USDA Rural Development's
(RD) Rural Business-Cooperative programs which include; over a dozen loan
guarantee, direct loan, and grant opportunities. Generally these programs are
available to small business owners in rural communities of 50-thousand people or
less. The financial support helps small businesses expand, purchase new
equipment, receive training and technical assistance, and become energy
efficient in their operation - which lowers operating cost, preserves the
environment, and makes America less dependent on foreign fuel.

USDA Rural Development also partners with lenders, local governments, Tribal
groups, intermediaries, and cooperatives to help small businesses develop new
products and expand into new markets.

Brunner added, "So as you do your holiday shopping I urge you to please support
your local business such as the ones that have received financial support from
USDA Rural Development." said Brunner.

Some of the small businesses that USDA Rural Development (RD) supports include
many that received funds through various intermediary partners that were funded
by Rural Development.

One such business is Joliesse Chocolates located in Los Ranchos de Albuquerque
which received funding from the New Mexico Community Development Loan Fund
through a financial program offered by USDA Rural Development. State Director
Brunner and Congresswoman Lujan Grisham visited Joliesse Chocolates on Saturday
to some of their holiday shopping.

Grace Lapsys the owner of Joliesse Chocolates said, "Our business began on the
internet in May of 2012, and today we are already getting ready to expand by
leasing more space and hiring more people. We are very grateful for the
opportunity and support we have received."

USDA Rural Development provided a $500,000 Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program (RMAP) loan and a $105,000 RMAP grant plus a $400,000 Intermediary
Relending Program (IRP) loan to the New Mexico Loan Fund. The Loan Fund then
provides technical assistance and financial support to small businesses around
the state of New Mexico.

USDA Rural Development also provided a $400,000 Rural Microentrepreneur
Assistance Program (RMAP) loan and a $100,000 RMAP grant to the Women's Economic
Self-Sufficiency Team, Corp. (WESST). The funding is also being used to provide
technical assistance and microloans to eligible rural microentrepreneurs for
startup and growing microenterprises. President Obama's plan for rural America
has brought about historic investment and resulted in stronger rural
communities. Under the President's leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communi-ties. USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural
way of life that stands as the backbone of our American values.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2013 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 526  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)



  Action



 Proposed Collection; Comments Requested.

 Summary



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. Chapter 35),
this Notice announces the Rural Business-Cooperative Service intention to
request an extension for to a currently approved information collection for the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP).



 Dates



 Comments on this notice must be received by December 5, 2016 to be assured of
consideration.

 Additional Information or Comments



 Director, Specialty Programs Division, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250-3226, Telephone (202) 720-1400,

 Supplementary Information



 Title: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program.



 OMB Number: 0570-0062.



 Expiration Date of Approval: February 28, 2017.



 Type of Request: Extension and revision of a currently approved information
collection.



 Abstract: The purpose of the RMAP program is to support the development and
ongoing success of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises. Direct loans
and grants are made to selected Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs).



 Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 2 hours per response.



 Respondents: Nonprofits, Indian Tribes, and Public Institutions of Higher
Education.



 Estimated Number of Respondents: 75.



 Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 20.



 Estimated Number of Responses: 1506.



 Estimated Total Annual Burden Hours on Respondents: 3,254 hours.



 Comments are invited on: (1) Whether the proposed collection of information is
necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the Agency, including
whether the information will have practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the
Agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to
enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be collected;
and (4) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on those
who are to respond, including the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and
Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Rural Development, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 0742,
Washington, DC 20250. All comments received will be available for public
inspection during regular business hours at the same address.



 All responses to this notice will be summarized and included in the request for
Office of Management and Budget approval. All comments will become a matter of
public record.

 Dated: September 28, 2016.

 Justin Hatmaker,

 Acting Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-23915 Filed 10-3-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 119 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              June 26, 2015 Friday

USDA seeking loan and grant applications

SECTION: A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 276 words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack recently announced that USDA is accepting
applications for loans and grants to support business expansion, create jobs and
increase economic opportunities in rural communities.

"Small businesses are the engine that drives job creation and investment capital
coupled with business savvy provide the spark that gets that engine running,"
Vilsack said. "This funding will help the nation's rural microentrepreneurs
strengthen their capacity to create jobs, grow their businesses and fuel the
economy. USDA is working with local organizations to provide capital to help
small business owners achieve higher performance."

Funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program through 2018. For Fiscal
Year 2015, more than $16 million is available in loans and grants.

Details about how to apply for this are on page 35299 of the June 19 Federal
Register. Application forms may be obtained from any USDA Rural Development
State Office.

RMAP provides loans and grants to Microenterprise Development Organizations to
help microentrepreneurs - very small businesses with 10 or fewer employees -
access capital to start or grow businesses. MDOs use the funds to provide
training and technical assistance to small businesses or to establish revolving
loan funds that provide micro-loans, typically $5,000 to $50,000, to rural
microentrepreneurs.

Since the beginning of the Obama Administration, USDA Rural Development has
invested $72.2 million in loans and grants through the RMAP program to support
more than 390 projects that help very small business enterprises.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Request for Extension of a Currently Approved
Information Collection Pages 68402 - 68403 [FR DOC # 2016-23915]

LENGTH: 571  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of Request
for Extension of a Currently Approved Information Collection AGENCY: Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, Department of Agriculture. [[Page 68403]] ACTION:
Proposed Collection; Comments Requested.

----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. Chapter 35),
this Notice announces the Rural Business- Cooperative Service intention to
request an extension for to a currently approved information collection for the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). DATES: Comments on this
notice must be received by December 5, 2016 to be assured of consideration.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION OR COMMENTS: Director, Specialty Programs Division, Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-3226, Telephone (202) 720-1400, SUPPLEMENTARY
INFORMATION: Title: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program. OMB Number:
0570-0062. Expiration Date of Approval: February 28, 2017. Type of Request:
Extension and revision of a currently approved information collection. Abstract:
The purpose of the RMAP program is to support the development and ongoing
success of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises. Direct loans and
grants are made to selected Microenterprise Development Organizations (MDOs).
Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 2 hours per response. Respondents: Nonprofits, Indian
Tribes, and Public Institutions of Higher Education. Estimated Number of
Respondents: 75. Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 20. Estimated
Number of Responses: 1506. Estimated Total Annual Burden Hours on Respondents:
3,254 hours. Comments are invited on: (1) Whether the proposed collection of
information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the
Agency, including whether the information will have practical utility; (2) the
accuracy of the Agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of
information including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3)
ways to enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be
collected; and (4) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information
on those who are to respond, including the use of appropriate automated,
electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other
forms of information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Rural Development, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP
0742, Washington, DC 20250. All comments received will be available for public
inspection during regular business hours at the same address. All responses to
this notice will be summarized and included in the request for Office of
Management and Budget approval. All comments will become a matter of public
record. Dated: September 28, 2016. Justin Hatmaker, Acting Administrator, Rural
Business-Cooperative Service. [FR Doc. 2016-23915 Filed 10-3-16; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Request for Extension of a Currently Approved
Information Collection Pages 68402 - 68403 [FR DOC # 2016-23915]

LENGTH: 571  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of Request
for Extension of a Currently Approved Information Collection AGENCY: Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, Department of Agriculture. [[Page 68403]] ACTION:
Proposed Collection; Comments Requested.

----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. Chapter 35),
this Notice announces the Rural Business- Cooperative Service intention to
request an extension for to a currently approved information collection for the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). DATES: Comments on this
notice must be received by December 5, 2016 to be assured of consideration.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION OR COMMENTS: Director, Specialty Programs Division, Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-3226, Telephone (202) 720-1400, SUPPLEMENTARY
INFORMATION: Title: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program. OMB Number:
0570-0062. Expiration Date of Approval: February 28, 2017. Type of Request:
Extension and revision of a currently approved information collection. Abstract:
The purpose of the RMAP program is to support the development and ongoing
success of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises. Direct loans and
grants are made to selected Microenterprise Development Organizations (MDOs).
Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 2 hours per response. Respondents: Nonprofits, Indian
Tribes, and Public Institutions of Higher Education. Estimated Number of
Respondents: 75. Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 20. Estimated
Number of Responses: 1506. Estimated Total Annual Burden Hours on Respondents:
3,254 hours. Comments are invited on: (1) Whether the proposed collection of
information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the
Agency, including whether the information will have practical utility; (2) the
accuracy of the Agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of
information including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3)
ways to enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be
collected; and (4) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information
on those who are to respond, including the use of appropriate automated,
electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other
forms of information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Rural Development, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP
0742, Washington, DC 20250. All comments received will be available for public
inspection during regular business hours at the same address. All responses to
this notice will be summarized and included in the request for Office of
Management and Budget approval. All comments will become a matter of public
record. Dated: September 28, 2016. Justin Hatmaker, Acting Administrator, Rural
Business-Cooperative Service. [FR Doc. 2016-23915 Filed 10-3-16; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE P





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Request for Extension of a Currently Approved
Information Collection Pages 68402 - 68403 [FR DOC # 2016-23915]

LENGTH: 571  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of Request
for Extension of a Currently Approved Information Collection AGENCY: Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, Department of Agriculture. [[Page 68403]] ACTION:
Proposed Collection; Comments Requested.

----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. Chapter 35),
this Notice announces the Rural Business- Cooperative Service intention to
request an extension for to a currently approved information collection for the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). DATES: Comments on this
notice must be received by December 5, 2016 to be assured of consideration.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION OR COMMENTS: Director, Specialty Programs Division, Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-3226, Telephone (202) 720-1400, SUPPLEMENTARY
INFORMATION: Title: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program. OMB Number:
0570-0062. Expiration Date of Approval: February 28, 2017. Type of Request:
Extension and revision of a currently approved information collection. Abstract:
The purpose of the RMAP program is to support the development and ongoing
success of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises. Direct loans and
grants are made to selected Microenterprise Development Organizations (MDOs).
Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 2 hours per response. Respondents: Nonprofits, Indian
Tribes, and Public Institutions of Higher Education. Estimated Number of
Respondents: 75. Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 20. Estimated
Number of Responses: 1506. Estimated Total Annual Burden Hours on Respondents:
3,254 hours. Comments are invited on: (1) Whether the proposed collection of
information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the
Agency, including whether the information will have practical utility; (2) the
accuracy of the Agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of
information including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3)
ways to enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be
collected; and (4) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information
on those who are to respond, including the use of appropriate automated,
electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other
forms of information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Rural Development, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP
0742, Washington, DC 20250. All comments received will be available for public
inspection during regular business hours at the same address. All responses to
this notice will be summarized and included in the request for Office of
Management and Budget approval. All comments will become a matter of public
record. Dated: September 28, 2016. Justin Hatmaker, Acting Administrator, Rural
Business-Cooperative Service. [FR Doc. 2016-23915 Filed 10-3-16; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 11, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Oct 31, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 4, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Oct 31, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 3, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Oct 31, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 13, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 11, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 10, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 9, 2013 Monday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 7, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 6, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 6, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 5, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 4, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 3, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 2, 2013 Monday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 31, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 30, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 29, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 28, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 27, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 26, 2013 Monday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 24, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 23, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 22, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 21, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 19, 2013 Monday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 1, 2014 Friday

Sen. Brown Announces $30,000 in Federal Resources for Rural Economic Development
in Athens

LENGTH: 265  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Sherrod Brown, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Sherrod Brown (D-OH) announced today  that the Appalachian Center
for Economic Networks (ACEnet) in Athens will receive a $30,000 grant from the
U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program (RMAP). ACEnet will use these funds to provide rural microentrepreneurs
with technical assistance and training. A microentrepreneur is a small business
with 10 or fewer employees.

Through the RMAP program, Microenterprise Development Organizations (MDOs) like
ACEnet receive loans and grants from the USDA, which they use to provide rural
microentrepreneurs with training and technical assistance or microloans from
established revolving loan funds.

Brown championed RMAP in the Farm Bill; the program was reauthorized through
2018 by the 2014 Farm Bill.

"Small businesses and entrepreneurs play an important role in the local
economies of Ohio's rural communities," Brown said.  "This funding gives ACEnet
the resources it needs to continue providing valuable assistance to create and
sustain jobs in the region."

Brown is the first Ohioan to serve on the Senate Agriculture Committee in more
than 40 years. In 2014, he was part of the Senate Farm Bill Conference Committee
that successfully negotiated a five-year farm bill that had been stalled for
more than three years. Brown supported a strong Rural Development title in the
2014 Farm Bill to encourage economic development in rural communities.

For further information please visit: http://www.brown.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: USDA Announces Grants to Community Partners to Create Jobs and
Strengthen Small Rural Businesses

LENGTH: 707  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA has selected 10
rural microenterprises to receive grants totaling $300,000 that will support job
growth and business development in several rural communities. The funds are
being provided under the Department's Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program
(RMAP), which the 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized through 2018.

"Through the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program, USDA partners with
local organizations who in turn invest in local, small businesses that otherwise
are unable to obtain the credit they need to grow and thrive," said Vilsack.
"Facilitating long-term economic development in this way empowers rural
residents to invest locally, cultivating stronger communities. This program
exemplifies how USDA can partner with rural communities to maximize the positive
impact of even a small investment of federal dollars"

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to help microentrepreneurs, defined as very small
businesses with 10 or fewer employees, to access microloans to start or develop
businesses. MDOs use the funds to provide training and technical assistance to
eligible small businesses or to establish revolving loan funds to provide
microloans, typically ranging from $5,000 to $50,000, to rural
microentrepreneurs.

For example, investments from the RMAP program have played a key role in
sustaining a stable rural economy in Iowa, where nearly 86 percent of businesses
qualify as microenterprises. In 2012, USDA awarded $630,000 in RMAP funds to
North Iowa Area Community College and to the Iowa Foundation for Microenterprise
and Community Development (Iowa MicroLoan), who distributed the capital as loans
and grants to small businesses across the state. Iowa's economy is heavily based
in food and agriculture, and many of the businesses that received RMAP support
contribute to the regional, national, and international reach of the industry.

This year, RMAP grants will fund new projects, including the Our Native American
Business Network's initiative to provide training to Native American
entrepreneurs from the Muscogee (Creek) and Cherokee Nations in Oklahoma who are
interested in launching new rural small businesses. In places across the nation,
rural microentrepreneurial investment supports community development, job
creation, and economic stability.

The following recipients each received $30,000 grants to provide technical
assistance and training to rural microentrepeneurs:

California

Jefferson Economic Development Institute
 Yuba-Sutter Economic Development Corporation

Illinois

Two Rivers Resource Conservation & Development Area

Kentucky

Northern Kentucky Community Action Commission, Inc.

Mississippi

Mississippi University for Women

Ohio

ACEnet

Oregon

Our Native American Business and Entrepreneurial Network

Pennsylvania

Bridgeway Capital, Inc.

Washington, D.C.

Community Development Transportation Lending Service

Washington

GROW Washington

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way in
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

Today's funding announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The Farm
Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life in rural America.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 1, 2014 Friday

Nevada: USDA Announces Grants to Community Partners to Create Jobs and
Strengthen Small Rural Businesses

LENGTH: 722  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA has selected 10
rural microenterprises to receive grants totaling $300,000 that will support job
growth and business development in several rural communities. The funds are
being provided under the Department's Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program
(RMAP), which the 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized through 2018.

"Through the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program, USDA partners with
local organizations who in turn invest in local, small businesses that otherwise
are unable to obtain the credit they need to grow and thrive," said Vilsack.
"Facilitating long-term economic development in this way empowers rural
residents to invest locally, cultivating stronger communities. This program
exemplifies how USDA can partner with rural communities to maximize the positive
impact of even a small investment of federal dollars"

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to help microentrepreneurs, defined as very small
businesses with 10 or fewer employees, to access microloans to start or develop
businesses. MDOs use the funds to provide training and technical assistance to
eligible small businesses or to establish revolving loan funds to provide
microloans, typically ranging from $5,000 to $50,000, to rural
microentrepreneurs.

For example, investments from the RMAP program have played a key role in
sustaining a stable rural economy in Iowa, where nearly 86 percent of businesses
qualify as microenterprises. In 2012, USDA awarded $630,000 in RMAP funds to
North Iowa Area Community College and to the Iowa Foundation for Microenterprise
and Community Development (Iowa MicroLoan), who distributed the capital as loans
and grants to small businesses across the state. Iowa's economy is heavily based
in food and agriculture, and many of the businesses that received RMAP support
contribute to the regional, national, and international reach of the industry.

This year, RMAP grants will fund new projects, including the Our Native American
Business Network's initiative to provide training to Native American
entrepreneurs from the Muscogee (Creek) and Cherokee Nations in Oklahoma who are
interested in launching new rural small businesses. In places across the nation,
rural microentrepreneurial investment supports community development, job
creation, and economic stability.

The following recipients each received $30,000 grants to provide technical
assistance and training to rural microentrepeneurs:

California

Jefferson Economic Development Institute
    Yuba-Sutter Economic Development Corporation

Illinois

Two Rivers Resource Conservation & Development Area

Kentucky

Northern Kentucky Community Action Commission, Inc.

Mississippi

Mississippi University for Women

Ohio

ACEnet

Oregon

Our Native American Business and Entrepreneurial Network

Pennsylvania

Bridgeway Capital, Inc.

Washington, D.C.

Community Development Transportation Lending Service

Washington

GROW Washington

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way in
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

Today's funding announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The Farm
Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 20, 2015 Saturday

Arkansas: USDA Seeks Applications for Loans and Grants to Create Jobs and
Support Rural Economic Development

LENGTH: 456  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Agriculture Department has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is accepting
applications for loans and grants to support business expansion, create jobs and
increase economic opportunities in rural communities.

"Small businesses are the engine that drives job creation and investment capital
coupled with business savvy provide the spark that gets that engine running"
Vilsack said. "This funding will help the nation's rural microentrepreneurs
strengthen their capacity to create jobs, grow their businesses and fuel the
economy. USDA is working with local organizations to provide capital to help
small business owners achieve higher performance."

Funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program (RMAP). The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program through 2018. For
Fiscal Year 2015, more than $16 million is available in loans and grants.

Details about how to apply for this are on page 35299 of the June 19 Federal
Register. Application forms may be obtained from any USDA Rural Development
State Office.

RMAP provides loans and grants to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) to help microentrepreneurs - very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees - access capital to start or grow businesses. MDOs use the funds to
provide training and technical assistance to small businesses or to establish
revolving loan funds that provide micro-loans, typically $5,000 to $50,000, to
rural microentrepreneurs.

Since the beginning of the Obama Administration, USDA Rural Development has
invested $72.2 million in loans and grants through the RMAP program to support
more than 390 projects that help very small business enterprises.

For example, in 2014, Rural Development awarded a $500,000 loan and a $105,000
grant to the Midcoast Council of Governments (MCOG) in Maine to capitalize a
revolving loan fund. The fund provided technical assistance and training to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

MCOG services Knox, Lincoln and Sagadahoc Counties, the towns of Brunswick and
Harpswell in Cumberland County, and the towns of Belmont, Lincolnville,
Northport and Searsmont in Waldo County. This project is expected to create 50
jobs, save 214 jobs and assist 234 businesses.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

#

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 19, 2015 Friday

Arizona: USDA Seeks Applications for Loans and Grants to Create Jobs and Support
Rural Economic Development

LENGTH: 460  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON, June 19, 2015 - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced
that USDA is accepting applications for loans and grants to support business
expansion, create jobs and increase economic opportunities in rural communities.

"Small businesses are the engine that drives job creation and investment capital
coupled with business savvy provide the spark that gets that engine running"
Vilsack said. "This funding will help the nation's rural microentrepreneurs
strengthen their capacity to create jobs, grow their businesses and fuel the
economy. USDA is working with local organizations to provide capital to help
small business owners achieve higher performance."

Funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program (RMAP). The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program through 2018. For
Fiscal Year 2015, more than $16 million is available in loans and grants.

Details about how to apply for this are on page 35299 of the June 19 Federal
Register. Application forms may be obtained from any USDA Rural Development
State Office.

RMAP provides loans and grants to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) to help microentrepreneurs - very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees - access capital to start or grow businesses. MDOs use the funds to
provide training and technical assistance to small businesses or to establish
revolving loan funds that provide micro-loans, typically $5,000 to $50,000, to
rural microentrepreneurs.

Since the beginning of the Obama Administration, USDA Rural Development has
invested $72.2 million in loans and grants through the RMAP program to support
more than 390 projects that help very small business enterprises.

For example, in 2014, Rural Development awarded a $500,000 loan and a $105,000
grant to the Midcoast Council of Governments (MCOG) in Maine to capitalize a
revolving loan fund. The fund provided technical assistance and training to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

MCOG services Knox, Lincoln and Sagadahoc Counties, the towns of Brunswick and
Harpswell in Cumberland County, and the towns of Belmont, Lincolnville,
Northport and Searsmont in Waldo County. This project is expected to create 50
jobs, save 214 jobs and assist 234 businesses.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 23, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Seeks Applications for Loans and Grants to Create Jobs and
Support Rural Economic Development

LENGTH: 463  words

DATELINE: Washington


United States Department of Agriculture, Food safety and Inspection Services has
issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is accepting
applications for loans and grants to support business expansion, create jobs and
increase economic opportunities in rural communities.

"Small businesses are the engine that drives job creation and investment capital
coupled with business savvy provide the spark that gets that engine running"
Vilsack said. "This funding will help the nation's rural microentrepreneurs
strengthen their capacity to create jobs, grow their businesses and fuel the
economy. USDA is working with local organizations to provide capital to help
small business owners achieve higher performance."

Funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program (RMAP). The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program through 2018. For
Fiscal Year 2015, more than $16 million is available in loans and grants.

Details about how to apply for this are on page 35299 of the June 19 Federal
Register. Application forms may be obtained from any USDA Rural Development
State Office.

RMAP provides loans and grants to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) to help microentrepreneurs - very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees - access capital to start or grow businesses. MDOs use the funds to
provide training and technical assistance to small businesses or to establish
revolving loan funds that provide micro-loans, typically $5,000 to $50,000, to
rural microentrepreneurs.

Since the beginning of the Obama Administration, USDA Rural Development has
invested $72.2 million in loans and grants through the RMAP program to support
more than 390 projects that help very small business enterprises.

For example, in 2014, Rural Development awarded a $500,000 loan and a $105,000
grant to the Midcoast Council of Governments (MCOG) in Maine to capitalize a
revolving loan fund. The fund provided technical assistance and training to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

MCOG services Knox, Lincoln and Sagadahoc Counties, the towns of Brunswick and
Harpswell in Cumberland County, and the towns of Belmont, Lincolnville,
Northport and Searsmont in Waldo County. This project is expected to create 50
jobs, save 214 jobs and assist 234 businesses.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 119 DOCUMENTS


                       Moscow-Pullman Daily News (Idaho)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 30, 2011 Saturday

BRIEF: Zions Bank donates to CEDA for rural small business development

BYLINE: Moscow-Pullman Daily News, Moscow, Idaho

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 254 words


April 30--Zions Bank presented the Clearwater Economic Development Association
with a donation of $15,000 to help fund the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program, a specialty program offered by the United States Department of
Agriculture that supports the development and ongoing success of rural
microentrepreneurs and microenterprises through direct loans and grants.

Zions Bank's Moscow branch manager Lee Gibbs and Lewiston branch managers Dan
Dorman and Mel Frei presented the donation to CEDA on April 15.

Of Zions Bank donation, $5,000 will be used for program management and technical
assistance and $10,000 will be allocated to the available funds; the amount
represents half of the $20,000 reserve required by the USDA to implement the
program. CEDA reallocated its funds for the remaining $10,000

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. The funding is
available to qualifying Microenterprise Development Organizations in North
Central Idaho communities, including the city of Lewiston and surrounding rural
areas.

For more information, visit www.zionsbank.com.

To see more of the Moscow-Pullman Daily News or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.dnews.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Moscow-Pullman Daily News,
Moscow, Idaho Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110430-1MW-BRF-Zions-Bank-donates-to-CEDA-for-rural
-small-business-development-0430-20110430

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MW


                    Copyright 2011 Moscow-Pullman Daily News


                              44 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 2, 2017 Monday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request Pages 96433 - 96433
[FR DOC # 2016-31692]

LENGTH: 935  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request December
27, 2016. The Department of Agriculture has submitted the following information
collection requirement(s) to OMB for review and clearance under the Paperwork
Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13. Comments are requested regarding (1)
whether the collection of information is necessary for the proper performance of
the functions of the agency, including whether the information will have
practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden including
the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the
quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; and (4) ways to
minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to
respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology. Comments regarding this information collection received
by January 30, 2017 will be considered. Written comments should be addressed to:
Desk Officer for Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs,
Office of Management and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725 17th
Street NW., Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit their
comments to OMB via email to:

OIRA_Submission@OMB.EOP.GOV or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250- 7602. Copies of the
submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202) 720- 8958. An agency may not
conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the collection of
information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the agency informs
potential persons who are to respond to the collection of information that such
persons are not required to respond to the collection of information unless it
displays a currently valid OMB control number. Rural Business-Cooperative
Service Title: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program. OMB Control
Number: 0570-0035. Summary of Collection: The information collected is necessary
to implement Section 313(b) (2) of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7
U.S.C. 940(c)) that established a loan and grant program. Rural Business Service
(RBS) mission is to improve the quality of life in rural America by financing
community facilities and businesses, providing technical assistance and creating
effective strategies for rural development. Under this program, zero interest
loans and grants are provided to electric and telecommunications utilities that
have borrowed funds from RUS. The purpose of the program is to encourage these
electric and telecommunications utilities to promote rural economic development
and job creation projects such as business start- up costs, business expansion,
community development, and business incubator projects. Need and Use of the
Information: Various forms and narrative requirements will be used to collect
the necessary information. RBS needs this collected information to select the
projects it believes will provide the most long-term economic benefit to rural
areas. The selection process is competitive and RBS has generally received more
applications than it could fund. RBS also needs to make sure the funds are used
for the intended purpose, and in the case of the loan, the funds will be repaid.
RBS must determine that loans made from revolving loan funds established with
grants are used for eligible purposes. Description of Respondents:
Not-for-profit Institutions; Business or other for-profit. Number of
Respondents: 120. Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On Occasion, Annually.
Total Burden Hours: 4,781. Rural Business-Cooperative Service Title: Rural
Micro-Entrepreneur Assistance Program. OMB Control Number: 0570-0062. Summary of
Collection: Section 6022 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (2008
Farm Bill) authorizes the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). The
Secretary makes direct loans to rural microenterprise development organizations
(MDOs) that are participating in the program (who are referred to as
``microlenders'') for the purpose of capitalizing microloan revolving funds to
provide fixed interest rate business loans of $50,000 or less to
microentrepreneurs, as defined in the 2008 Farm Bill. Need and Use of the
Information: The program provides rural microentrepreneurs with the skills
necessary to establish new rural microenterprises; to provide continuing
technical and financial assistance related to the successful operation of rural
microenterprises; and to assist with the cost of providing other activities and
services related to the successful operation of MDOs and rural microenterprises.
Microlenders seeking loans and/or grants will have to submit applications that
include specified information, certifications, and agreements to the Agency.
This information will be used to determine applicant eligibility and to ensure
that funds are used for authorized purposes. Description of Respondents:
Business or other for-profit; Not-for- profit Institutions; State, Local or
Tribal governments. Number of Respondents: 75. Frequency of Responses:
Reporting: Quarterly, Annually. Total Burden Hours: 3,254. Charlene Parker,
Departmental Information Collection Clearance Officer. [FR Doc. 2016-31692 Filed
12-29-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 1, 2017 Sunday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 925  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Department of
Agriculture (USDA)



  The Department of Agriculture has submitted the following information
collection requirement(s) to OMB for review and clearance under the Paperwork
Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13. Comments are requested regarding (1)
whether the collection of information is necessary for the proper performance of
the functions of the agency, including whether the information will have
practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden including
the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the
quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; and (4) ways to
minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to
respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology.





 Comments regarding this information collection received by January 30, 2017
will be considered. Written comments should be addressed to: Desk Officer for
Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management
and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725 17th Street NW.,
Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB
via email to: OIRA_Submission@OMB.EOP.GOV or fax (202) 395-5806 and to
Departmental Clearance Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC
20250-7602. Copies of the submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202)
720-8958.



 An agency may not conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the
collection of information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the
agency informs potential persons who are to respond to the collection of
information that such persons are not required to respond to the collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB control number.

 Rural Business-Cooperative Service



 Title: Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program.



 OMB Control Number: 0570-0035.



 Summary of Collection: The information collected is necessary to implement
Section 313(b) (2) of the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (7 U.S.C. 940(c))
that established a loan and grant program. Rural Business Service (RBS) mission
is to improve the quality of life in rural America by financing community
facilities and businesses, providing technical assistance and creating effective
strategies for rural development. Under this program, zero interest loans and
grants are provided to electric and telecommunications utilities that have
borrowed funds from RUS. The purpose of the program is to encourage these
electric and telecommunications utilities to promote rural economic development
and job creation projects such as business start-up costs, business expansion,
community development, and business incubator projects.



 Need and Use of the Information: Various forms and narrative requirements will
be used to collect the necessary information. RBS needs this collected
information to select the projects it believes will provide the most long-term
economic benefit to rural areas. The selection process is competitive and RBS
has generally received more applications than it could fund. RBS also needs to
make sure the funds are used for the intended purpose, and in the case of the
loan, the funds will be repaid. RBS must determine that loans made from
revolving loan funds established with grants are used for eligible purposes.



 Description of Respondents: Not-for-profit Institutions; Business or other
for-profit.



 Number of Respondents: 120.



 Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On Occasion, Annually.



 Total Burden Hours: 4,781.

 Rural Business-Cooperative Service



 Title: Rural Micro-Entrepreneur Assistance Program.



 OMB Control Number: 0570-0062.



 Summary of Collection: Section 6022 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act
of 2008 (2008 Farm Bill) authorizes the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program (RMAP). The Secretary makes direct loans to rural microenterprise
development organizations (MDOs) that are participating in the program (who are
referred to as  "microlenders") for the purpose of capitalizing microloan
revolving funds to provide fixed interest rate business loans of $50,000 or less
to microentrepreneurs, as defined in the 2008 Farm Bill.



 Need and Use of the Information: The program provides rural microentrepreneurs
with the skills necessary to establish new rural microenterprises; to provide
continuing technical and financial assistance related to the successful
operation of rural microenterprises; and to assist with the cost of providing
other activities and services related to the successful operation of MDOs and
rural microenterprises. Microlenders seeking loans and/or grants will have to
submit applications that include specified information, certifications, and
agreements to the Agency. This information will be used to determine applicant
eligibility and to ensure that funds are used for authorized purposes.



 Description of Respondents: Business or other for-profit; Not-for-profit
Institutions; State, Local or Tribal governments.



 Number of Respondents: 75.



 Frequency of Responses: Reporting: Quarterly, Annually.



 Total Burden Hours: 3,254.

 Charlene Parker,

 Departmental Information Collection Clearance Officer.

 [FR Doc. 2016-31692 Filed 12-29-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 119 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            March 10, 2011 Thursday
                                  All Editions

WHCA gets $187,500 for small businesses

SECTION: Pg. A2

LENGTH: 184 words

DATELINE: ELLSWORTH


The Washington Hancock Community Agency has been awarded a $150,000 loan and
$37,500 grant from USDA Rural Development's Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program. Under the program, funds are provided to an intermediary who "re-lends"
it to entrepreneurs and offers technical assistance. WHCA was one of eight
organizations in seven states that was selected for the funding.

"Often times a small business or start up needs capital to purchase computers or
help with the leasing of office space to get off the ground," said U.S. Rep.
Mike Michaud in a statement announcing the award.  "This program not only
provides funding for those types of needs, but it also comes with technical
assistance that many budding entrepreneurs find extremely helpful as they make
decisions important to their success."

According to USDA, assistance to rural areas under this program includes loans
and grants to microenterprises and microentrepreneurs, and business-based
training and technical assistance grants torural microborrowers and potential
microborrowers.

For more information, contact WHCA at 664-2424 or 546-7544.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Bangor Daily News


                              47 of 119 DOCUMENTS


                    Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Massachesetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 21, 2011 Saturday

Sweet deal for small Cape businesses

BYLINE: Sarah Shemkus, Cape Cod Times, Hyannis, Mass.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 665 words


May 21--Nancy Magnuson has everything she needs to get her new candy and gift
shop off to a strong start.

"I have chocolates and fudge and penny candies," said Magnuson, the owner of
Nancy's Candy Etc. on Route 6A in Dennis. "I have nautical gifts, greeting
cards, candles -- all kinds of things."

And, after working with Coastal Community Capital in Centerville, she also has a
federally funded, low-interest small business loan to help with her startup
costs.

"It's very nice to have that safety net and have some money to keep you going
for a while until you get established," said Magnuson, who worked at the Kandy
Korner in Hyannis for 25 years before striking out on her own. "It really helps
you get started."

Nancy's Candy Etc. is one of the first businesses anywhere to take advantage of
the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program,
a loan program aimed at supporting small businesses.

"The intent of the program is to enhance small business development by providing
financing options to help stimulate the economy in rural areas," said Anne
Correia, the Cape Cod and South Shore area loan specialist for the USDA.

Because of its population levels, all of Cape Cod qualifies as a rural area for
the program.

One of the federal government's newest small business loan initiatives, the
rural microentrepreneur program provides loans to community agencies at a fixed
interest rate of 2 percent. The agencies, in turn, lend money to small local
enterprises at a higher rate, keeping the difference to cover their
administrative costs, Correia explained.

When the program was announced last spring, Coastal Community Capital was one of
the first organizations to apply, executive director Jeannine Marshall said. In
October, the organization was among the first agencies to be awarded a loan --
$500,000 -- as part of the initiative.

Before the group could use the money, however, it needed to have a loan loss
reserve: a pool of money that could be used to cover the losses should any of
the local borrowers default. For this step, the organization turned to Bank of
America, which offered a grant of $25,000 to cover the loan loss reserve.

The grant was part of a $10 million Bank of America initiative to help groups
such as Coastal Community Capital take advantage of federal lending programs.

"For the small business, it means an ability to access more capital, in
partnership with (organizations) who are well positioned to figure out where
putting that capital to work is going to have the most impact," said Robert
Gallery, Bank of America's president for Massachusetts.

Because the government is charging such a low interest rate, Coastal Community
Capital can charge borrowers such as Magnuson just 4 percent, significantly
below the current market rate of about 6 percent, Marshall said.

Businesses with no more than 10 employees are eligible for loans of up to
$50,000. The money can be used for just about any business need: funding startup
costs, buying equipment or refinancing existing debt.

As of earlier this week, Coastal Community Capital had made six loans as part of
the program and had plans to close on three more, Marshall said.

"We're moving through the funds pretty quickly," she said. "We anticipate being
out of the funds by the end of June."

At that point, she said, the agency is likely to apply for another round of
funding.

For Magnuson, the loan program has been a key component in launching what she
said is poised to become a successful business.

"Since I've opened, certainly the community has embraced me," Magnuson said.
"Apparently they were all very candy-deprived right around here."

To see more of the Cape Cod Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.capecodonline.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Cape Cod Times, Hyannis, Mass.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110521-CA-Sweet-deal-for-small-Cape-businesses-0521-20110521

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                         Copyright 2011 Cape Code Times


                              48 of 119 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Courier (Connelsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 6, 2012 Monday

The Progress Fund celebrates record year of lending

BYLINE: The Daily Courier, Connellsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 437 words


Feb. 06--During its most successful year yet, The Progress Fund loaned more than
$5 million to 25 area small businesses, and is positioned to surpass this record
in 2012. The Progress Fund was recognized with significant awards in 2011
including:

-- $2 million awarded from the PA Department of Community and Economic
Development with funds provided by the U.S. Department of the Treasury's State
Small Business Credit Initiative to promote small business job creation in
Pennsylvania.

-- $2.75 million from Wachovia Wells Fargo NEXT Awards for Opportunity Finance,
to expand its Trail Town Program, strengthen local economies and stimulate job
growth in disadvantaged communities.

-- $1.052 million from the Small Business Lending Fund, to provide loan capital
to small businesses in rural areas of southwestern Pennsylvania.

-- $1.5 million from the Community Development Financial Institutions Fund for
financial institutions in Pennsylvania to provide capital to small businesses
and create jobs across the state.

-- A $100,000 grant and $500,000 loan from the USDA Rural Development's Rural
Microentrepreneur Assistance Program to provide technical assistance and
training to rural microentrepreneurs and small businesses and to help create or
save over 22 jobs.

-- A $62,963 capital grant from the Create Jobs for USA Fund, collaboration
between Starbucks and Opportunity Finance Network. The money will help The
Progress Fund create and sustain jobs in southwestern Pennsylvania as part of a
national campaign to support community businesses in underserved communities.

The Progress Fund was one of the first six organizations selected from across
the nation to be approved for participation in the Community Advantage Pilot
Loan Program which will increase SBA-backed loans to small businesses in
underserved communities.

The Progress Fund looks forward to using recently received funding to make more
small business loans in 2012 and having an even stronger impact on small
businesses and job creation in the region.

The Progress Fund is a vigorous nonprofit loan fund that creates jobs and
improves communities by providing entrepreneurial coaching and capital to small
businesses in the travel & tourism industry. The fund serves 40 counties in
Pennsylvania, Appalachian Ohio and West Virginia.

The fund was founded in 1997, and has made 378 loans totaling more than $41.48
million to 227 enterprises, creating or preserving more than 2,618 jobs.

___ (c)2012 The Daily Courier (Connellsville, Pa.) Visit The Daily Courier
(Connellsville, Pa.) at www.pittsburghlive.com/x/dailycourier Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120206-DC-The-Progress-Fund-celebrates-record-year-of-lending-0206-20120206

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DC


                        Copyright 2012 The Daily Courier


                              49 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: USDA Announces $59 Million in Loans and Grants to Increase Economic
Opportunity, Support Rural Microenterprise Development

LENGTH: 887  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

USDA Rural Development Acting Under Secretary Doug O'Brien today announced the
selection of 85 utilities and development organizations for loans and grants to
support rural business activities that will boost economic growth in rural
communities.

"These USDA investments capitalize rural small businesses, which allows the
owners to expand operations, enter into new markets and increase hiring,"
O'Brien said. "The investments we are announcing today include financing to
development organizations for microlending to very small rural businesses. Funds
are also being provided to utilities to pass on to local businesses for
development projects. These innovative programs increase economic opportunities
in rural areas - a top priority of Secretary Vilsack and President Obama."

O'Brien announced the rural business investments while in Kentucky with Governor
Steve Beshear, Congressman Hal Rogers, and the executive board of Shaping Our
Appalachian Region (SOAR)This is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to discuss
investment opportunities in eastern Kentucky, including Promise Zones and
regional SOAR initiatives.

Funds are being provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program (REDLG) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Under
the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans to local utilities which
then, in turn, relend the funds to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The program
funds business start-up or expansion, business incubators, education and
training facilities and equipment, community development assistance, health care
and other projects that support rural jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) that, in turn, make microloans for business start-up or development to
eligible microentrepreneurs defined as very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees. Grants are available for MDOs to provide technical assistance and
training, particularly in rural areas experiencing persistent poverty or
significant outmigration. USDA does not directly provide funds to the ultimate
recipients.

The Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program was created under the 2008 Farm
Bill and recently reauthorized through the 2014 Farm Bill.

The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is receiving a $500,000 RMAP loan
to capitalize a revolving loan fund to provide microloans to very small
businesses in 19 counties designated by the Appalachian Regional Commission as
distressed communities. The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is the
lead organization carrying out the state's Promise Zone initiative. Its Promise
Zone work was made possible through the financial support from USDA.

MEDI, Inc., is receiving a $400,000 RMAP loan and $100,000 RMAP grant to serve
as a microlender and technical assistance provider for very small rural
businesses throughout Kentucky.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, Rural Development has invested more
than $4.4 billion in Kentucky. The agency is targeting assistance to persistent
poverty areas in Appalachian Kentucky through the USDA StrikeForce Initiative
for Rural Growth and Opportunity, and will continue its work with Governor
Beshear and his staff, the Kentucky Congressional Delegation, other federal
agencies, SOAR officials and community leaders throughout the region to benefit
rural communities in the impacted areas.

At the national level, the USDA investments are meeting a wide variety of
business and manufacturing needs across rural America. For example, in South
Carolina, the Santee Electric Cooperative is receiving a $1 million Rural
Economic Development loan to support the local "Help My House program," which
makes energy efficiency improvements in the rural areas of Williamsburg,
Georgetown, Clarendon and Florence Counties. The Nodak Electric Cooperative in
North Dakota is receiving a $775,000 Rural Economic Development loan to help S&S
Grain, Inc. purchase and renovate a building in Walhalla, N.D., for grain
drying, handling and storage.

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program directly supports the
Obama Administration's Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership (IMCP)
initiative to boost the manufacturing sector and create well-paying
manufacturing jobs, using economic development resources available through
existing Federal programs.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing over $59 million in loans and
grants to 85 organizations in 31 states, including the District of Columbia, to
strengthen rural businesses and promote economic development. The funding is
contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of their loan or grant
agreements.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: USDA Announces $59 Million in Loans and Grants to Increase Economic
Opportunity, Support Rural Microenterprise Development

LENGTH: 887  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

USDA Rural Development Acting Under Secretary Doug O'Brien today announced the
selection of 85 utilities and development organizations for loans and grants to
support rural business activities that will boost economic growth in rural
communities.

"These USDA investments capitalize rural small businesses, which allows the
owners to expand operations, enter into new markets and increase hiring,"
O'Brien said. "The investments we are announcing today include financing to
development organizations for microlending to very small rural businesses. Funds
are also being provided to utilities to pass on to local businesses for
development projects. These innovative programs increase economic opportunities
in rural areas - a top priority of Secretary Vilsack and President Obama."

O'Brien announced the rural business investments while in Kentucky with Governor
Steve Beshear, Congressman Hal Rogers, and the executive board of Shaping Our
Appalachian Region (SOAR)This is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to discuss
investment opportunities in eastern Kentucky, including Promise Zones and
regional SOAR initiatives.

Funds are being provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program (REDLG) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Under
the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans to local utilities which
then, in turn, relend the funds to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The program
funds business start-up or expansion, business incubators, education and
training facilities and equipment, community development assistance, health care
and other projects that support rural jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) that, in turn, make microloans for business start-up or development to
eligible microentrepreneurs defined as very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees. Grants are available for MDOs to provide technical assistance and
training, particularly in rural areas experiencing persistent poverty or
significant outmigration. USDA does not directly provide funds to the ultimate
recipients.

The Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program was created under the 2008 Farm
Bill and recently reauthorized through the 2014 Farm Bill.

The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is receiving a $500,000 RMAP loan
to capitalize a revolving loan fund to provide microloans to very small
businesses in 19 counties designated by the Appalachian Regional Commission as
distressed communities. The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is the
lead organization carrying out the state's Promise Zone initiative. Its Promise
Zone work was made possible through the financial support from USDA.

MEDI, Inc., is receiving a $400,000 RMAP loan and $100,000 RMAP grant to serve
as a microlender and technical assistance provider for very small rural
businesses throughout Kentucky.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, Rural Development has invested more
than $4.4 billion in Kentucky. The agency is targeting assistance to persistent
poverty areas in Appalachian Kentucky through the USDA StrikeForce Initiative
for Rural Growth and Opportunity, and will continue its work with Governor
Beshear and his staff, the Kentucky Congressional Delegation, other federal
agencies, SOAR officials and community leaders throughout the region to benefit
rural communities in the impacted areas.

At the national level, the USDA investments are meeting a wide variety of
business and manufacturing needs across rural America. For example, in South
Carolina, the Santee Electric Cooperative is receiving a $1 million Rural
Economic Development loan to support the local "Help My House program," which
makes energy efficiency improvements in the rural areas of Williamsburg,
Georgetown, Clarendon and Florence Counties. The Nodak Electric Cooperative in
North Dakota is receiving a $775,000 Rural Economic Development loan to help S&S
Grain, Inc. purchase and renovate a building in Walhalla, N.D., for grain
drying, handling and storage.

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program directly supports the
Obama Administration's Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership (IMCP)
initiative to boost the manufacturing sector and create well-paying
manufacturing jobs, using economic development resources available through
existing Federal programs.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing over $59 million in loans and
grants to 85 organizations in 31 states, including the District of Columbia, to
strengthen rural businesses and promote economic development. The funding is
contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of their loan or grant
agreements.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: USDA Announces $59 Million in Loans and Grants to Increase Economic
Opportunity, Support Rural Microenterprise Development

LENGTH: 887  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

USDA Rural Development Acting Under Secretary Doug O'Brien today announced the
selection of 85 utilities and development organizations for loans and grants to
support rural business activities that will boost economic growth in rural
communities.

"These USDA investments capitalize rural small businesses, which allows the
owners to expand operations, enter into new markets and increase hiring,"
O'Brien said. "The investments we are announcing today include financing to
development organizations for microlending to very small rural businesses. Funds
are also being provided to utilities to pass on to local businesses for
development projects. These innovative programs increase economic opportunities
in rural areas - a top priority of Secretary Vilsack and President Obama."

O'Brien announced the rural business investments while in Kentucky with Governor
Steve Beshear, Congressman Hal Rogers, and the executive board of Shaping Our
Appalachian Region (SOAR)This is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to discuss
investment opportunities in eastern Kentucky, including Promise Zones and
regional SOAR initiatives.

Funds are being provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program (REDLG) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Under
the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans to local utilities which
then, in turn, relend the funds to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The program
funds business start-up or expansion, business incubators, education and
training facilities and equipment, community development assistance, health care
and other projects that support rural jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) that, in turn, make microloans for business start-up or development to
eligible microentrepreneurs defined as very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees. Grants are available for MDOs to provide technical assistance and
training, particularly in rural areas experiencing persistent poverty or
significant outmigration. USDA does not directly provide funds to the ultimate
recipients.

The Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program was created under the 2008 Farm
Bill and recently reauthorized through the 2014 Farm Bill.

The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is receiving a $500,000 RMAP loan
to capitalize a revolving loan fund to provide microloans to very small
businesses in 19 counties designated by the Appalachian Regional Commission as
distressed communities. The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is the
lead organization carrying out the state's Promise Zone initiative. Its Promise
Zone work was made possible through the financial support from USDA.

MEDI, Inc., is receiving a $400,000 RMAP loan and $100,000 RMAP grant to serve
as a microlender and technical assistance provider for very small rural
businesses throughout Kentucky.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, Rural Development has invested more
than $4.4 billion in Kentucky. The agency is targeting assistance to persistent
poverty areas in Appalachian Kentucky through the USDA StrikeForce Initiative
for Rural Growth and Opportunity, and will continue its work with Governor
Beshear and his staff, the Kentucky Congressional Delegation, other federal
agencies, SOAR officials and community leaders throughout the region to benefit
rural communities in the impacted areas.

At the national level, the USDA investments are meeting a wide variety of
business and manufacturing needs across rural America. For example, in South
Carolina, the Santee Electric Cooperative is receiving a $1 million Rural
Economic Development loan to support the local "Help My House program," which
makes energy efficiency improvements in the rural areas of Williamsburg,
Georgetown, Clarendon and Florence Counties. The Nodak Electric Cooperative in
North Dakota is receiving a $775,000 Rural Economic Development loan to help S&S
Grain, Inc. purchase and renovate a building in Walhalla, N.D., for grain
drying, handling and storage.

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program directly supports the
Obama Administration's Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership (IMCP)
initiative to boost the manufacturing sector and create well-paying
manufacturing jobs, using economic development resources available through
existing Federal programs.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing over $59 million in loans and
grants to 85 organizations in 31 states, including the District of Columbia, to
strengthen rural businesses and promote economic development. The funding is
contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of their loan or grant
agreements.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Washington: USDA Announces $59 Million in Loans and Grants to Increase Economic
Opportunity, Support Rural Microenterprise Development

LENGTH: 892  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

USDA Rural Development Acting Under Secretary Doug O'Brien today announced the
selection of 85 utilities and development organizations for loans and grants to
support rural business activities that will boost economic growth in rural
communities.

"These USDA investments capitalize rural small businesses, which allows the
owners to expand operations, enter into new markets and increase hiring,"
O'Brien said. "The investments we are announcing today include financing to
development organizations for microlending to very small rural businesses. Funds
are also being provided to utilities to pass on to local businesses for
development projects. These innovative programs increase economic opportunities
in rural areas - a top priority of Secretary Vilsack and President Obama."

O'Brien announced the rural business investments while in Kentucky with Governor
Steve Beshear, Congressman Hal Rogers, and the executive board of Shaping Our
Appalachian Region (SOAR)This is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to discuss
investment opportunities in eastern Kentucky, including Promise Zones and
regional SOAR initiatives.

Funds are being provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program (REDLG) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Under
the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans to local utilities which
then, in turn, relend the funds to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The program
funds business start-up or expansion, business incubators, education and
training facilities and equipment, community development assistance, health care
and other projects that support rural jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) that, in turn, make microloans for business start-up or development to
eligible microentrepreneurs defined as very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees. Grants are available for MDOs to provide technical assistance and
training, particularly in rural areas experiencing persistent poverty or
significant outmigration. USDA does not directly provide funds to the ultimate
recipients.

The Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program was created under the 2008 Farm
Bill and recently reauthorized through the 2014 Farm Bill.

The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is receiving a $500,000 RMAP loan
to capitalize a revolving loan fund to provide microloans to very small
businesses in 19 counties designated by the Appalachian Regional Commission as
distressed communities. The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is the
lead organization carrying out the state's Promise Zone initiative. Its Promise
Zone work was made possible through the financial support from USDA.

MEDI, Inc., is receiving a $400,000 RMAP loan and $100,000 RMAP grant to serve
as a microlender and technical assistance provider for very small rural
businesses throughout Kentucky.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, Rural Development has invested more
than $4.4 billion in Kentucky. The agency is targeting assistance to persistent
poverty areas in Appalachian Kentucky through the USDA StrikeForce Initiative
for Rural Growth and Opportunity, and will continue its work with Governor
Beshear and his staff, the Kentucky Congressional Delegation, other federal
agencies, SOAR officials and community leaders throughout the region to benefit
rural communities in the impacted areas.

At the national level, the USDA investments are meeting a wide variety of
business and manufacturing needs across rural America. For example, in South
Carolina, the Santee Electric Cooperative is receiving a $1 million Rural
Economic Development loan to support the local "Help My House program," which
makes energy efficiency improvements in the rural areas of Williamsburg,
Georgetown, Clarendon and Florence Counties. The Nodak Electric Cooperative in
North Dakota is receiving a $775,000 Rural Economic Development loan to help S&S
Grain, Inc. purchase and renovate a building in Walhalla, N.D., for grain
drying, handling and storage.

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program directly supports the
Obama Administration's Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership (IMCP)
initiative to boost the manufacturing sector and create well-paying
manufacturing jobs, using economic development resources available through
existing Federal programs.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing over $59 million in loans and
grants to 85 organizations in 31 states, including the District of Columbia, to
strengthen rural businesses and promote economic development. The funding is
contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of their loan or grant
agreements.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                           December 1, 2016 Thursday
                             Politifact.com Edition

HALF OF PROMISE IMPLEMENTED, HALF NOT

BYLINE: LOUIS JACOBSON

SECTION: POLITIFACT; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 547 words


Establish a small business initiative for rural America

"Will support entrepreneurship and spur job growth by establishing a small
business and micro-enterprise initiative for rural America. The program will
provide training and technical assistance for rural small business, and provide
a 20 percent tax credit on up to $50,000 of investment in small owner-operated
businesses. This initiative will put the full support of the nation's economic
policies behind rural entrepreneurship."

* * *

Sources: "Barack Obama and Joe Biden's Plan for Small Business"

Subjects: Economy, Small Business

The Obameter: COMPROMISE

During his 2008 presidential campaign, Barack Obama promised to spur economic
development in rural areas through two specific programs -- one to hand out out
small, "micro-enterprise" loans to rural small businesses, and another to give a
20 percent tax credit on up to $50,000 in investment in qualifying small
businesses in rural areas.

Obama successfully implemented the first of those programs, but he failed to
enact the second.

A program to distribute micro-loans through the Rural Microentrepreneur
Assistance Program ended up being enacted during the 2008 presidential campaign
as part of that year's farm bill. The farm bill is a large bill typically
approved by Congress every five years to update and modify agricultural policy.

The most recent farm bill was passed in 2014, and it extended the existing
micro-loan program for the rest of the Obama presidency and into the Donald
Trump presidency.

Under the micro-loan program, the Agriculture Department provides loans and
grants to "microenterprise development organizations" to support businesses with
10 or fewer employees to launch or expand their operations. The loans typically
run from $5,000 to $50,000. From the start of Obama's tenure through 2014, the
program lent $52 million to 257 rural small businesses, the department said. The
longer-term cost for the government is significantly smaller -- $3 million a
year -- since the loans are eventually counted as revenue in the federal budget
once they are repaid.

The 2014 farm bill also extended the Intermediary Relending Program, which was
not specifically mentioned in Obama's 2008 promise but attacks a similar
challenge. This program lends money to nonprofits and public entities; in turn,
they re-lend the funds to rural businesses that might not otherwise be able to
obtain financing.

The effort to enact Obama's promised 20 percent tax credit was not successful.

A version of this initiative -- called the Rural Microbusiness Investment Credit
Act -- was introduced by Reps. Ron Kind, D-Wis., and Wally Herger, R-Calif., in
2011, but it did not advance.

Ultimately, Obama succeeded with the first half of this promise but failed on
the second half. We rate it a Compromise.

* * *

Sources:

Agriculture Department, "USDA Announces Availability of Loans and Grants to
Support Rural Economic Development," May 20, 2014

Center for Rural Affairs, "Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program," accessed
Dec. 1, 2016

National Rural Housing Coalition, "Spotlight on the Intermediary Relending
Program," Jan 26, 2016

Marketplace, "A post from Rural America," Sept. 16, 2011

Email interview with Brian Depew, executive director of the Center for Rural
Affairs, Dec. 1, 2016

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2016 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            October 24, 2011 Monday

United States: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program

LENGTH: 143  words


Funding Opportunity Number:  RDBCP-10-RMAP
Opportunity Category:  Mandatory
Posted Date:  Jun 04, 2010
Creation Date:  Sep 24, 2010
MDOs will automatically be eligible to receive technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under the RMAP. These grants are limited to
an amount equal to not more than 25 percent of the loan to an MDO under the
RMAP.Technical assistance-only (TA-only) grants will competitively be made to
MDOs for the purpose of providing technical assistance and training to
prospective borrowers. TA-only grants will be made to eligible MDOs that seek to
provide business-based technical assistance and training to eligible
microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, but do not seek funding for a direct
loan under RMAP.



country :United States
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 19, 2015 Friday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Funds Availability (NOFA) for the Rural
Microentrepreneur Assistance Program for Fiscal Year 2015

LENGTH: 3063  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of Funds
Availability (NOFA) for the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program for
Fiscal Year 2015 AGENCY: Rural Business-Cooperative Service, USDA. ACTION:
Notice. -----------------------------------------------------------------------
SUMMARY: This Notice is to invite applications for loans and grants under the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP) pursuant to 7 CFR part 4280,
subpart D, for fiscal year (FY) 2015. Funding to support $14.190 million in
loans and $2.086 million in grants is currently available. The RMAP funds were
provided through the Agricultural Act of 2014, Public Law 113-79, on February 7,
2014 (2014 Farm Bill). RMAP provides the following types of support: loan only,
combination loan and technical assistance grant, and subsequent technical
assistance grants to Microenterprise Development Organizations (MDO). All
applicants are responsible for any expenses incurred in developing their
applications or costs incurred prior to the obligation date. DATES: Applicants
may apply during a Federal fiscal quarter to be considered for the next
quarter's funding. Complete applications for loan only, and combination loan and
grant, must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural
Development State Offices no later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on the last day
prior to the beginning of each Federal fiscal quarter to be considered for
funding. Applications received after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be
reviewed and evaluated for funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.
Applications that have not competed for four consecutive quarters, depending on
funding availability, may be considered in FY 2016. The subsequent microlender
technical assistance grant (existing MDOs with a microentrepenuer revolving loan
fund) will be made, non- competitively, based on the microlender's microlending
activity and availability of funds. To determine the microlender technical
assistance grant awards for FY 2015, the Agency will use the microlender's
outstanding balance of microloans as of June 30, 2015, to calculate this amount.
MDOs that are eligible for an annual grant may apply. ADDRESSES: Applications
and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office or online at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
rural-microentrepreneur-assistance-program. Applicants must submit an original
complete application to the USDA Rural Development State Office in the State
where the applicant's headquarters is located. A list of the USDA Rural
Development State Offices addresses and telephone numbers can be found online at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateOfficeAddresses.html. [[Page 35300]] FOR FURTHER
INFORMATION CONTACT: Specialty Programs Division, Rural Business-Cooperative
Service, United States Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
MS 3226, Room 4204-South, Washington, DC 20250-3226, or call Kathleen Goldsmith
at 202-720-1400. Overview Solicitation Opportunity Title: Rural
Microentrepreneur Assistance Program. Announcement Type: Initial Announcement.
Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number (CFDA): 10.870. Dates: Applicants
may apply during a Federal fiscal quarter to be considered for the next
quarter's funding. Complete applications for loan only, combination loan and
grant, and technical assistance grant- only must be received in the USDA Rural
Development State Offices no later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on the last day
prior to the beginning of each Federal fiscal quarter to be considered for
funding. Applications received after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be
reviewed and evaluated for funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.
Applications that have not competed for four consecutive quarters, depending on
funding availability, may be considered in FY 2016. Subsequent microlender
annual technical assistance grants are non- competitive. The Agency has
established June 30 of each year as the date to determine the grant amount using
the MDO's outstanding balance of microloans as of that date. I. Funding
Opportunity Description A. Purpose of the Program. The purpose of RMAP is to
support the development and ongoing success of rural microentrepreneurs and
microenterprises defined in 7 CFR 4280.302. B. Statutory Authority. RMAP is
authorized by Section 379E of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7
U.S.C. 2008s). Regulations are contained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart D.
Assistance provided to rural areas under this program may include the provision
of loans and grants to rural MDOs for the provision of microloans to rural
microenterprises and microentrepreneurs; provision of business-based training
and technical assistance to rural microborrowers and potential microborrowers;
and other such activities as deemed appropriate by the Secretary to ensure the
development and ongoing success of rural microenterprises. Awards are made on a
competitive basis using specific selection criteria contained in 7 CFR part
4280, subpart D. Information required to be in the application is specified in 7
CFR 4280.315. For entities applying for program loan funds to become an RMAP
microlender only, the following items are required: (1) Form RD 1910- 11,
``Certification of No Federal Debt;'' (2) Demonstration that the applicant is
eligible to apply to participate in this program; (3) Certification by the
applicant that it cannot obtain sufficient credit elsewhere to fund the
activities called for under this program with similar rates and terms; and (4)
Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement.'' Subsequent annual microlender technical
assistance grants are subject to funding availability, in accordance with 7 CFR
4280.313(b)(2). Awards will be determined non-competitively based on Agency
appropriations for the fiscal year. The MDO must submit a prescribed worksheet,
listing the outstanding balance of their microloans and unexpended grant funds
as of the date of their request and a letter certifying that their organization
still meets all the requirements set forth in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart D, and
that no significant changes have occurred within the last year that would affect
its ability to carry out the MDO functions. In addition, all MDOs who request
Subsequent Annual Microlender Technical Assistance Grants must complete their
reporting into the Lenders Interactive Network Connection (LINC) for the Federal
fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2015. The deadline for reporting into LINC and
requesting a TA grant is no later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on July 31, 2015.
C. Definition of Terms. The definitions applicable to this Notice are published
at 7 CFR 4280.302. D. Application Awards. The Agency will review, evaluate, and
score applications received in response to this Notice based on the provisions
found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart D, and as indicated in this Notice. However,
the Agency advises all interested parties that the applicant bears the burden in
preparing and submitting an application in response to this Notice whether or
not funding is appropriated for this program in FY 2015. II. Award Information
Type of Awards: Loans and/or Grants. Fiscal Year Funds: FY 2015. Available
Funds. Anyone interested in submitting an application for funding under this
program is encouraged to consult the Rural Development Web Newsroom Web site at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/newsroom/notices-solicitation-applications-nosas for
funding information. Funds will be prioritized as follows: (1) Combination loan
and grants; (2) loan only; and (3) subsequent microlender technical assistance
grants. Total Funds: $16,276,000. Loans: $14,190,000. MDO Grants: $2,086,000.
Maximum Award: The minimum loan amount Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDO) may borrow under this program is $50,000. The maximum loan any MDO may
borrow in any given year is $500,000. The commitment of program dollars will be
made to applicants of selected responses that have fulfilled the necessary
requirements for obligation. If the applicant is applying for an initial loan,
they may also apply for a technical assistance grant. Grant funds are limited to
no more than 25 percent up to the first $400,000 of the loan request (or
$100,000). Loan requests of greater than $400,000 are eligible to receive
$100,000, plus 5 percent of the amount over $400,000. The maximum subsequent
technical assistance grant (to MDOs that have an existing microentrepeneur
revolving loan fund) amount for a microlender is 25 percent of the first
$400,000 of outstanding microloans owed to the microlender under this program,
plus an additional 5 percent of the outstanding loan amount owed by the
microborrowers to the lender under this program over $400,000 up to and
including $2.5 million. Any grant dollars obligated, but not spent, from the
initial grant, will be subtracted from the subsequent year grant to ensure that
obligations cover only microloans made and active. Application Dates: The last
day of each Federal fiscal quarter. III. Eligibility Information A. Eligible
Applicants. To be eligible for this program, the applicant must meet the
eligibility requirements in 7 CFR 4280.310. In addition to the requirements in 7
CFR 4280.310, applicants must not be delinquent on any Federal debt or otherwise
disqualified from participation in this program to be eligible to apply. All
other restrictions in this Notice will apply. B. Cost Sharing or Matching. The
Federal share of the eligible project cost of a microborrower's project funded
under this Notice shall not exceed 75 percent. The cost share requirement shall
be met by the microlender in accordance with the requirements specified in 7 CFR
4280.311(d). The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent
of the [[Page 35301]] total amount of the grant in the form of matching funds,
indirect costs, or in-kind goods or services. C. Other Eligibility Requirements.
Applications will only be accepted from eligible MDOs. Eligible MDOs must score
a minimum of 70 points out of 100 points to be considered to receive an award.
Awards for each Federal fiscal quarter will be based on ranking with the highest
ranking applications being funded first, subject to available funding. D.
Completeness Eligibility. All applications must be submitted as a complete
application, in one package. Applications will not be considered for funding if
they do not provide sufficient information to determine eligibility or are
unbound, falling apart, or otherwise not suitable for evaluation. Such
applications will be withdrawn. IV. Fiscal Year 2015 Application and Submission
Information A. Address to Request Application Package: For further information,
entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact the Rural Development
State Office as identified in the ADDRESSES section of this Notice to obtain
copies of the application package. An MDO may submit an initial application for
a loan with a microlender technical assistance grant, or an initial or
subsequent loan-only (without a microlender technical assistance grant). Loan
applications must be submitted in paper format and must be bound in a 3-ring
binder and be organized in the same order set forth in 7 CFR 4280.315. To ensure
timely delivery, applicants are strongly encouraged to submit their applications
using an overnight, express, or parcel delivery service. B. Content and Form of
Submission: An application must contain all of the required elements outlined in
7 CFR 4280.315. Each application must address the applicable scoring criteria
presented in 7 CFR 4280.316 for the type of funding being requested. C.
Submission Dates and Times: The original complete application must be received
by the USDA Rural Development State Office no later than 4:30 p.m. local time by
the application deadline dates listed above, regardless of the postmark date, in
order to be considered for funds available in that Federal fiscal quarter.
Unless withdrawn by the applicant, completed applications that receive a score
of at least 70 (the minimum required to be considered for funding), but have not
yet been funded, will be retained by the Agency for consideration in subsequent
reviews through a total of four consecutive quarterly reviews. Applications that
remain unfunded after four quarterly reviews, including the initial quarter in
which the application was competed, will not be considered further for an award.
D. Explanation of Dates: Applications must be in the USDA Rural Development
State Office by the dates as indicated in the DATES section of this Notice. V.
Application Review Information A. Criteria. All eligible and complete
applications will be evaluated and scored based on the selection criteria and
weights contained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart D. Failure to address any one of
the criteria by the application deadline will result in the application being
determined ineligible and the application will not be considered for funding. An
application must receive at least 70 points to be considered for funding in the
quarter in which it is scored. B. Review and Selection Process. The State
Offices will review applications to determine if they are eligible for
assistance based on requirements contained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart D. If
determined eligible, the application will be submitted to the National Office,
where it will be reviewed and prioritized by ranking each application, received
in that quarter, in highest to lowest score order. All applications will be
funded until funds have been exhausted for each funding cycle. Funding of
projects is subject to the MDO's satisfactory submission of the additional items
required by that subpart and the USDA Rural Development Letter of Conditions.
VI. Award Administration Information A. Award Notices. Successful applicants
will receive notification for funding from the USDA Rural Development State
Office. Applicants must comply with all applicable statutes and regulations
before the award will be approved. Provided the application and eligibility
requirements have not changed, an application not selected will be reconsidered
for three subsequent funding competitions for a total of four competitions. If
an application is withdrawn, it can be resubmitted and will be evaluated as a
new application. Unsuccessful applications will receive notification by mail,
detailing why the application was unsuccessful. B. Administrative and National
Policy Requirements. Additional requirements that apply to MDO's selected for
this program can be found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart D. The USDA and the Agency
have adopted the USDA grant regulations at 2 CFR chapter IV. This regulation
incorporates the new Office of Management and Budget (OMB) regulations 2 CFR 200
and 2 CFR 400.1 to 400.18 for monitoring and servicing RMAP funding. C.
Reporting. In addition to any reports required by 2 CFR 200 and 2 CFR 400.1 to
400.18, the MDO must provide reports as required by 7 CFR part 4280, subpart D.
VII. Agency Contacts For general questions about this Notice, please contact
your USDA Rural Development State Office as provided in the ADDRESSES section of
this Notice. VIII. Paperwork Reduction Act In accordance with the Paperwork
Reduction Act of 1995, the information collection requirements associated with
the Rural Microentrepenuer Assistance Program, as covered in this Notice, has
been approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under OMB Control
Number 0570-0062. IX. Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act All
applicants, in accordance with 2 CFR part 25, must have a Dun and Bradstreet
Data Universal Number System (DUNS) number, which can be obtained at no cost via
a toll-free request line at (866) 705-5711 or online at
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. Similarly, all applicants for grants must be
registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to submitting an
application. Applicants may register for the SAM at http://www.sam.gov. All
recipients of Federal financial assistance are required to report information
about first-tier sub-awards and executive total compensation in accordance with
2 CFR part 170. X. Nondiscrimination Statement The U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its customers, employees,
and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color, national origin, age,
disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and where applicable,
political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental status, sexual
orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived from any public
assistance program, or protected genetic information in employment or in any
program or activity conducted or funded by the Department. (Not all prohibited
bases will apply to all programs and/or employment activities.) [[Page 35302]]
If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632- 9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442, or email at program.intake@usda.gov Individuals who are deaf,
hard of hearing, or have speech disabilities and who wish to file either an EEO
or program complaint, please contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at
(800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish). Persons with disabilities, who
wish to file a program complaint, please see information above on how to contact
us by mail directly or by email. If you require alternative means of
communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape,
etc.), please contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).
Dated: June 10, 2015. Lillian E. Salerno, Administrator, Rural
Business-Cooperative Service. [FR Doc. 2015-15193 Filed 6-18-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 119 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             May 21, 2014 Wednesday

Rural communities grow from loans, grants

BYLINE: Staff report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 675 words


WASHINGTON &GT;&GT; Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced that the
Department is accepting applications for loans and grants to support community
development projects, business expansion and job creation.

"These USDA investments are part of the Obama Administration's ongoing efforts
to create jobs and expand economic opportunities for rural entrepreneurs,"
Vilsack said. "Through them, USDA is working with local organizations to provide
capital to help small business owners achieve their goals. These investments are
helping rural residents take the next steps on the ladder to greater success and
opportunity."

Assistance is being provided through two USDA Rural Development programs: the
Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program (RMAP). The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized both programs through 2018. For
Fiscal Year 2014, $18.9 million in IRP loans are available, and $25.4 million in
RMAP loans and grants are available.

USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner added, "The availability of
this funding is critical because often it has been tough for the small business
owner to access small loans from traditional lenders this funding will provide
another avenue of financial support." Brunner added, "The Obama Administration
is committed to make available existing federal resources to create jobs even in
the smallest of communities, and I believe this funding will help achieve that
goal one business at a time."

One of the best examples how some of this funding has been used was when the New
Mexico Community Development Loan Fund (Loan Fund) received an obligation of
$400,000 in 2012 which then has made low income loans to various small
businesses throughout rural New Mexico. Including; entrepreneurs, business
owners and non-profit organizations with the goal of expanding business
opportunities and creating jobs.

Under IRP, USDA lends money to economic development intermediaries (non-profits
and public bodies) who re-lend it to rural businesses (ultimate recipients) that
might not otherwise be able to obtain such financing. The program supports
sustainable economic development and helps create or retain jobs in
disadvantaged and remote communities. USDA encourages intermediaries to work
with state and regional representatives and with other public and private
organizations that can provide complementary resources. Since President Obama
took office, the IRP program has created or saved an estimated 92,000 jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to help microentrepreneurs   very small businesses with 10
or fewer employees   access microloans to start or develop businesses. MDOs use
the funds to provide training and technical assistance to eligible small
businesses or to establish revolving loan funds to provide micro-loans,
typically $5,000 to $50,000, to rural microentrepreneurs. Since the beginning of
the Obama Administration, the RMAP program has provided $52 million for 257
projects to support very small business enterprises.

Details about how to apply for 2014 IRP funding are on page 28886 and for 2014
RMAP funding are on page 28888 of today's Federal Register. Application forms
may be obtained from any USDA Rural Development State Office.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Courtesy Photo Tortilleria Sierra located in Sunland Park received USDA
Intermediary Relending Program funding which was provided by New Mexico
Community Loan Fund. The small business used the money to purchase its building
and received a second working capital loan to help expand the tortilla making
business by purchasing more equipment.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2014 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 22, 2014 Thursday

New Mexico: Rural communities grow from loans, grants

LENGTH: 694  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


City Of Deming has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON >> Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced that the Department is
accepting applications for loans and grants to support community development
projects, business expansion and job creation.

"These USDA investments are part of the Obama Administration's ongoing efforts
to create jobs and expand economic opportunities for rural entrepreneurs,"
Vilsack said. "Through them, USDA is working with local organizations to provide
capital to help small business owners achieve their goals. These investments are
helping rural residents take the next steps on the ladder to greater success and
opportunity."

Assistance is being provided through two USDA Rural Development programs: the
Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program (RMAP). The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized both programs through 2018. For
Fiscal Year 2014, $18.9 million in IRP loans are available, and $25.4 million in
RMAP loans and grants are available.

USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner added, "The availability of
this funding is critical because often it has been tough for the small business
owner to access small loans from traditional lenders this funding will provide
another avenue of financial support." Brunner added, "The Obama Administration
is committed to make available existing federal resources to create jobs even in
the smallest of communities, and I believe this funding will help achieve that
goal one business at a time."

One of the best examples how some of this funding has been used was when the New
Mexico Community Development Loan Fund (Loan Fund) received an obligation of
$400,000 in 2012 which then has made low income loans to various small
businesses throughout rural New Mexico. Including; entrepreneurs, business
owners and non-profit organizations with the goal of expanding business
opportunities and creating jobs.

Under IRP, USDA lends money to economic development intermediaries (non-profits
and public bodies) who re-lend it to rural businesses (ultimate recipients) that
might not otherwise be able to obtain such financing. The program supports
sustainable economic development and helps create or retain jobs in
disadvantaged and remote communities. USDA encourages intermediaries to work
with state and regional representatives and with other public and private
organizations that can provide complementary resources. Since President Obama
took office, the IRP program has created or saved an estimated 92,000 jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to help microentrepreneurs -- very small businesses with 10
or fewer employees -- access microloans to start or develop businesses. MDOs use
the funds to provide training and technical assistance to eligible small
businesses or to establish revolving loan funds to provide micro-loans,
typically $5,000 to $50,000, to rural microentrepreneurs. Since the beginning of
the Obama Administration, the RMAP program has provided $52 million for 257
projects to support very small business enterprises.

Details about how to apply for 2014 IRP funding are on page 28886 and for 2014
RMAP funding are on page 28888 of today's Federal Register. Application forms
may be obtained from any USDA Rural Development State Office.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way --
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

For further information please visit: http://www.cityofdeming.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 26, 2014 Monday

Washington: USDA Announces Availability of Loans and Grants to Support Rural
Economic Development

LENGTH: 671  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the Department is
accepting applications for loans and grants to support community development
projects, business expansion and job creation.

"These USDA investments are part of the Obama Administration's ongoing efforts
to create jobs and expand economic opportunities for rural entrepreneurs,"
Vilsack said. "Through them, USDA is working with local organizations to provide
capital to help small business owners achieve their goals. These investments are
helping rural residents take the next steps on the ladder to greater success and
opportunity."

Assistance is being provided through two USDA Rural Development programs: the
Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program (RMAP). The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized both programs through 2018. For
Fiscal Year 2014, $18.9 million in IRP loans are available, and $25.4 million in
RMAP loans and grants are available.

Under IRP, USDA lends money to economic development intermediaries (non-profits
and public bodies) who re-lend it to rural businesses (ultimate recipients) that
might not otherwise be able to obtain such financing. The program supports
sustainable economic development and helps create or retain jobs in
disadvantaged and remote communities. USDA encourages intermediaries to work
with state and regional representatives and with other public and private
organizations that can provide complementary resources. Since President Obama
took office, the IRP program has created or saved an estimated 92,000 jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to help microentrepreneurs -- very small businesses with 10
or fewer employees -- access microloans to start or develop businesses. MDOs use
the funds to provide training and technical assistance to eligible small
businesses or to establish revolving loan funds to provide micro-loans,
typically $5,000 to $50,000, to rural microentrepreneurs. Since the beginning of
the Obama Administration, the RMAP program has provided $52 million for 257
projects to support very small business enterprises.

Details about how to apply for 2014 IRP funding are on page 28886 and for 2014
RMAP funding are on page 28888 of today's Federal Register. Application forms
may be obtained from any USDA Rural Development State Office.

The Mid-Columbia Economic Development District in Maupin, Ore., used a $100,000
IRP loan and other funding to keep Maupin's local grocery store open and save
six jobs. The new owner used the funds to remodel the 90-year-old establishment,
which serves residents and tourists and is the only grocery store within 40
miles.

USDA provided $605,000 in RMAP loans and grants to California FarmLink, a
statewide non-profit serving limited-resource, underserved farmers. FarmLink
used the funds to provide 23 micro-loans and technical assistance to small
farmers in California. The farmers bought seeds, plants and equipment, hired
workers, marketed their crops and became more profitable. More than half of the
micro-loans were provided to women and minority farmers.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 16, 2014

Loans, grants available to spur rural economic development

BYLINE: Turtle Mountain Star staff

LENGTH: 671  words


Revolving loans, micro-lending help create jobs, spark business expansion,
increase rural manufacturing

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vil-sack announced that the Department is accepting
applications for loans and grants to support community development projects,
business expansion and job creation.

"These United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) investments are part of
the Obama Administration's ongoing efforts to create jobs and expand economic
opportunities for rural entrepreneurs," Vilsack said. "Through them, USDA is
working with local organizations to provide capital to help small business
owners achieve their goals. These investments are helping rural residents take
the next steps on the ladder to greater success and opportunity."

Assistance is being provided through two USDA Rural Development programs: the
Intermediary Re-lending Program (IRP) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program (RMAP). The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized both programs through 2018. For
Fiscal Year 2014, $18.9 million in IRP loans are available, and $25.4 million in
RMAP loans and grants are available.

Under IRP, USDA lends money to economic development intermediaries (non-profits
and public bodies) who re-lend it to rural businesses (ultimate recipients) that
might not otherwise be able to obtain such financing. The program supports
sustainable economic development and helps create or retain jobs in
disadvantaged and remote communities. USDA encourages intermediaries to work
with state and regional representatives and with other public and private
organizations that can provide complementary resources. Since President Obama
took office, the IRP program has created or saved an estimated 92,000 jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to help microentrepreneurs -- very small businesses with 10
or fewer employees -- access microloans to start or develop businesses. MDOs use
the funds to provide training and technical assistance to eligible small
businesses or to establish revolving loan funds to provide micro-loans,
typically $5,000 to $50,000, to rural microentrepreneurs. Since the beginning of
the Obama Administration, the RMAP program has provided $52 million for 257
projects to support very small business enterprises.

Details about how to apply for 2014 IRP funding are on page 28886 and for 2014
RMAP funding are on page 28888 of today's Federal Register. Application forms
may be obtained from any USDA Rural Development State Office.

The Mid-Columbia Economic Development District in Maupin, Ore., used a $100,000
IRP loan and other funding to keep Maupin's local grocery store open and save
six jobs. The new owner used the funds to remodel the 90-year-old establishment,
which serves residents and tourists and is the only grocery store within 40
miles.

USDA provided $605,000 in RMAP loans and grants to California FarmLink, a
statewide non-profit serving limited-resource, underserved farmers. FarmLink
used the funds to provide 23 micro-loans and technical assistance to small
farmers in California. The farmers bought seeds, plants and equipment, hired
workers, marketed their crops and became more profitable. More than half of the'
micro-loans were provided to women and minority farmers.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2014 Turtle Mountain Star


                              60 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 22, 2014 Thursday

Arkansas: USDA Announces Availability of Loans and Grants to Support Rural
Economic Development Revolving loans, micro-lending help create jobs, spark
business expansion, increase rural manufacturing

LENGTH: 671  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Department of Agriculture, The State of Arkansas has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the Department is
accepting applications for loans and grants to support community development
projects, business expansion and job creation.

"These USDA investments are part of the Obama Administration's ongoing efforts
to create jobs and expand economic opportunities for rural entrepreneurs,"
Vilsack said. "Through them, USDA is working with local organizations to provide
capital to help small business owners achieve their goals. These investments are
helping rural residents take the next steps on the ladder to greater success and
opportunity."

Assistance is being provided through two USDA Rural Development programs: the
Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program (RMAP). The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized both programs through 2018. For
Fiscal Year 2014, $18.9 million in IRP loans are available, and $25.4 million in
RMAP loans and grants are available.

Under IRP, USDA lends money to economic development intermediaries (non-profits
and public bodies) who re-lend it to rural businesses (ultimate recipients) that
might not otherwise be able to obtain such financing. The program supports
sustainable economic development and helps create or retain jobs in
disadvantaged and remote communities. USDA encourages intermediaries to work
with state and regional representatives and with other public and private
organizations that can provide complementary resources. Since President Obama
took office, the IRP program has created or saved an estimated 92,000 jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to help microentrepreneurs -- very small businesses with 10
or fewer employees -- access microloans to start or develop businesses. MDOs use
the funds to provide training and technical assistance to eligible small
businesses or to establish revolving loan funds to provide micro-loans,
typically $5,000 to $50,000, to rural microentrepreneurs. Since the beginning of
the Obama Administration, the RMAP program has provided $52 million for 257
projects to support very small business enterprises.

Details about how to apply for 2014 IRP funding are on page 28886 and for 2014
RMAP funding are on page 28888 of today's Federal Register. Application forms
may be obtained from any USDA Rural Development State Office.

The Mid-Columbia Economic Development District in Maupin, Ore., used a $100,000
IRP loan and other funding to keep Maupin's local grocery store open and save
six jobs. The new owner used the funds to remodel the 90-year-old establishment,
which serves residents and tourists and is the only grocery store within 40
miles.

USDA provided $605,000 in RMAP loans and grants to California FarmLink, a
statewide non-profit serving limited-resource, underserved farmers. FarmLink
used the funds to provide 23 micro-loans and technical assistance to small
farmers in California. The farmers bought seeds, plants and equipment, hired
workers, marketed their crops and became more profitable. More than half of the
micro-loans were provided to women and minority farmers.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

For further information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 26, 2013 Thursday

Notice of Funds Availability Under the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program

LENGTH: 714  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Correction; Extension Of Applications Deadline.
Summary

The Rural Business-Cooperative Service announced the fiscal year (FY) 2013
funding available under the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP) in
the Federal Register Vol. 78, No. 157 on Wednesday, August 14, 2013. This Notice
extends the application deadline for initial loans with a technical assistance
grant, initial or subsequent loan only, and technical assistance-only grants
from September 13, 2013, to October 31, 2013. The Agency will make awards each
Federal fiscal quarter. In the event that all program funds are not obligated in
a quarter, the remaining unobligated funds will be carried over to the
subsequent quarter.

Table of Contents Back to Top

AGENCIES:
    DATES:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act
    Nondiscrimination Statement

DATES: Back to Top

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to October
31, 2013. Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of
October 31, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. The extension
of the deadline to October 31, 2013, does not apply to subsequent annual
microlender technical assistance grants.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

A Notice of Solicitation of Applications for Inviting Intermediary Relending
Program Applications was published on Wednesday, August 14, 2013 (78 FR
49446-49450).
Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act Back to Top

All applicants, in accordance with 2 CFR part 25, must have a Data Universal
Numbering System number, which can be obtained at no cost via a toll-free
request line at 1-866-705-5711 or online at http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform.
Similarly, all applicants must be registered in the System for Award Management
(SAM) prior to submitting an application. Applicants may register for the SAM at
http://www.sam.gov. All recipients of Federal financial assistance are required
to report information about first-tier sub-awards and executive total
compensation in accordance with 2 CFR part 170.
Nondiscrimination Statement Back to Top

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and you
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

Dated: September 20, 2013.

Lillian E. Salerno,

Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 14, 2013 Wednesday

Notice of Funds Availability for the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program
for Fiscal Year 2013

LENGTH: 2376  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Notice.
Summary

This Notice announces the funds available for loans and grants under the Rural
Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP) pursuant to 7 CFR part 4280, subpart
D for fiscal year (FY) 2013.

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35

Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000

Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97

Loans: $10,714,916.38

The minimum loan amount a Microenterprise Development Organization (MDO) may
borrow under this program is $50,000. The maximum loan any MDO may borrower in
any given year is $500,000. The maximum amount of Technical Assistance (TA)-only
grants in FY 2013 is $30,000 per grantee and total TA-only grants funding will
not exceed 10 percent of the amount appropriated to the RMAP program in the
fiscal year. The commitment of program dollars will be made to applicants of
selected responses that have fulfilled the necessary requirements for
obligation.

All applicants are responsible for any expenses incurred in developing their
applications.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    Alabama
    Alaska
    Arizona
    Arkansas
    California
    Colorado
    Delaware-Maryland
    Florida/Virgin Islands
    Georgia
    Hawaii
    Idaho
    Illinois
    Indiana
    Iowa
    Kansas
    Kentucky
    Louisiana
    Maine
    Massachusetts/Rhode Island/Connecticut
    Michigan
    Minnesota
    Mississippi
    Missouri
    Montana
    Nebraska
    Nevada
    New Jersey
    New Mexico
    New York
    North Carolina
    North Dakota
    Ohio
    Oklahoma
    Oregon
    Pennsylvania
    Puerto Rico
    South Carolina
    South Dakota
    Tennessee
    Texas
    Utah
    Vermont/New Hampshire
    Virginia
    Washington
    West Virginia
    Wisconsin
    Wyoming
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Environmental Impact Statement
    Paperwork Reduction Act
    Overview
    I. Funding Opportunity Description
    II. Award Information
    III. Eligibility Information
    Corporate Felony Convictions and Corporate Felony Tax Delinquencies
    IV. Fiscal Year 2013 Application and Submission Information
    V. Application Review Information
    VI. Subsequent Annual Microlender Technical Assistance Grants
    VII. Award Administration Information
    VIII. Agency Contacts
    Nondiscrimination Statement

DATES: Back to Top

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013. Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of
September 13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013.
Applications received after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed
and evaluated for funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter. Completed
applications received after September 13, 2013, may be considered for funding in
FY 2013 subject to the availability of funds or will be considered for funds
available in FY 2014.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
Applicants must submit an original complete application to the USDA Rural
Development State Office in the State where the applicant's headquarters is
located. A list of the USDA Rural Development State Offices addresses and
telephone numbers are listed below.
Note:

Telephone numbers listed are not toll-free.
Alabama Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,Sterling Centre, Suite 601,4121 Carmichael
Road,Montgomery, AL 36106-3683,(334) 279-3400/TDD (334) 279-3495
Alaska Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,800 West Evergreen, Suite 201,Palmer, AK
99645-6539,(907) 761-7707/TDD (907) 761-7783
Arizona Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,230 N. 1st Ave., Suite 206,Phoenix, AZ
85003-1706,(602) 280-8701/TDD (602) 280-8881
Arkansas Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,700 West Capitol Avenue, Room 3416,Little
Rock, AR 72201-3225,7(501) 301-3200/TDD (501) 301-3278
California Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,430 G Street, # 4169,Davis, CA
95616-4169,(530) 792-5800/TDD (530) 792-5837
Colorado Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,Denver Federal Center,Building 56, Room
2300,P.O. Box 25426,Denver, CO 80225-0426,(720) 544-2903/TDD (720) 544-2981
Delaware-Maryland Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,1221 College Park Drive, Suite 200,Dover, DE
19904,(302) 857-3580/TDD (302) 857-3640
Florida/Virgin Islands Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,4440 NW 25th Place,Gainesville, FL
32614-7010,(352) 338-3400/TDD (352) 338-3405
Georgia Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,Stephens Federal Building,355 E. Hancock
Avenue,Athens, GA 30601-2768,(706) 546-2162/TDD (706) 546-2152
Hawaii Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,Federal Building, Room 311,154 Waianuenue
Avenue,Hilo, HI 96720,(808) 933-8380/TDD (808) 933-8327
Idaho Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,9173 West Barnes Dr., Suite A1,Boise, ID
83709,(208) 378-5600/TDD (208) 378-5643
Illinois Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,2118 West Park Court, Suite A,Champaign, IL
61821,(217) 403-6200/TDD (217) 403-6243
Indiana Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,5975 Lakeside Boulevard,Indianapolis, IN
46278,(317) 290-3100 Ext. 4/TDD (317) 290-3127
Iowa Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,Federal Building, Room 873,210 Walnut
Street,Des Moines, IA 50309,(515) 284-4663/TDD (515) 284-4858
Kansas Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,1303 SW. First American Place, Suite
100,Topeka, KS 66604-4040,(785) 271-2700/TDD (785) 271-2708
Kentucky Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,771 Corporate Drive, Suite 200,Lexington, KY
40503,(859) 224-7300/TDD (859) 224-7340
Louisiana Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,3727 Government Street,Alexandria, LA
71302,(318) 473-7920/TDD (318) 473-7661
Maine Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,967 Illinois Avenue, Suite 4,Bangor, ME
04401-2767,(207) 990-9160/TDD (207) 942-7331
Massachusetts/Rhode Island/Connecticut Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,451 West Street, Suite 2,Amherst, MA
01002-2999,(413) 253-4300/TDD (413) 253-4347
Michigan Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,3001 Coolidge Road, Suite 200,East Lansing,
MI 48823,(517) 324-5190/TDD (517) 324-5225
Minnesota Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,375 Jackson Street, Suite 410,St. Paul, MN
55101-1853,(651) 602-7800/TDD (651) 602-7824
Mississippi Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,Federal Building, Suite 831,100 W. Capitol
Street,Jackson, MS 39269-1608,(601) 965-4316/TDD (601) 965-4088
Missouri Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,601 Business Loop 70 West,Parkade Center,
Suite 235,Columbia, MO 65203-2579,(573) 876-0976/TDD (573) 876-0977
Montana Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,2229 Boot Hill Court,Bozeman, MT 59715,(406)
585-2530/TDD (406) 585-2565
Nebraska Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,Federal Building, Room 152,100 Centennial
Mall North,Lincoln, NE 68508-3859,(402) 437-5551/TDD (402) 437-5408
Nevada Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,1390 South Curry Street,Carson City, NV
89703-9910,(775) 887-1222/TDD (775) 885-0841
New Jersey Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,8000 Midlantic Drive,5th Floor North, Suite
500,Mt. Laurel, NJ 08054-1522,(856) 787-7700/TDD (856) 787-7783
New Mexico Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,6200 Jefferson Street, NE., Room
255,Albuquerque, NM 87109-3434,(505) 761-4950/TDD (505) 761-4976
New York Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,The Galleries of Syracuse,441 South Salina
Street, Suite 357,Syracuse, NY 13202-2541,(315) 477-6400/TDD (315) 477-6438
North Carolina Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,4405 Bland Road, Suite 260,Raleigh, NC
27609,(919) 873-2000/TDD (919) 873-2075
North Dakota Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,Federal Building, Room 208,220 East
Rosser,Bismarck, ND 58502-1737,(701) 530-2037/TDD (701) 530-2111
Ohio Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,Federal Building, Room 507,200 North High
Street,Columbus, OH 43215-2418,(614) 255-2400/TDD (614) 255-2561
Oklahoma Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,100 USDA, Suite 108,Stillwater, OK
74074-2654,(405) 742-1000/TDD (405) 742-1005
Oregon Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,1201 NE Lloyd Blvd., Suite 801,Portland, OR
97232-1274,(503) 414-3300/TDD (503) 414-3387
Pennsylvania Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,One Credit Union Place, Suite
330,Harrisburg, PA 17110-2996,(717) 237-2299/TDD (717) 237-2191
Puerto Rico Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,IBM Building, Suite 601,654 Munos Rivera
Avenue,San Juan, PR 00936-6106,(787) 766-5095/TDD (787) 766-5844
South Carolina Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,Strom Thurmond Federal Building,1835
Assembly Street, Room 1007,Columbia, SC 29201-2449,(803) 765-5163/TDD (803)
765-5697
South Dakota Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,Federal Building, Room 210,200 Fourth
Street, SW,Huron, SD 57350-2461,(605) 352-1100/TDD (605) 352-1146
Tennessee Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,3322 West End Avenue, Suite 300,Nashville,
TN 37203-1071,(615) 783-1300/FAX (615) 783-1301
Texas Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,Federal Building, Suite 102,101 South
Main,Temple, TX 76501-7651,(254) 742-9700/TDD (254) 742-9709
Utah Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,Wallace F. Bennett Federal Building,125
South State Street, Room 4311,Salt Lake City, UT 84138-1106,(801) 524-4320/TDD
(801) 524-4406
Vermont/New Hampshire Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,87 Main Street, Suite 324,P.O. Box
249,Montpelier, VT 05601,(802) 828-6080/TDD (802) 828-6076
Virginia Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,Culpeper Building, Suite 238,1606 Santa Rosa
Road,Richmond, VA 23229-5014,(804) 287-1550/TDD (804) 287-1753
Washington Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,1835 Black Lake Boulevard SW., Suite
B,Olympia, WA 98512-5715,(360) 704-7740/TDD (360) 704-7742
West Virginia Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,1550 Earl Core Road, Suite 101,Morgantown,
WV 26505,(304) 284-4860/TDD (304) 284-4891
Wisconsin Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,5417 Clem's Way,Stevens Point, WI
54482,(715) 345-7600/TDD (715) 345-7669
Wyoming Back to Top

USDA Rural Development State Office,Dick Chaney Federal Building,100 East B
Street, Room 1005,Casper, WY 82602-5006,(307) 233-6700/TDD (307) 233-6727
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

For further information on this Notice, please contact the USDA Rural
Development State Office for your respective State, as provided in the ADDRESSES
section of this Notice.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

Environmental Impact Statement Back to Top

This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." Rural Development has determined that this action does
not constitute a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the
human environment, and in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act
(NEPA) of 1969, 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact Statement is not
required.
Paperwork Reduction Act Back to Top

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act, the paperwork burden associated
with this Notice has been approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB)
under OMB Control Number 0570-0062.
Overview Back to Top

Federal Agency Name: Rural Business-Cooperative Service (an agency of the U.S.
Department of Agriculture in the Rural Development mission area).

Solicitation Opportunity Title: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program.

Announcement Type: Initial announcement.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number (CFDA): The CFDA number for this
Notice is 10.870.

DATES: Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013. Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of
September 13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013.
Applications received after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed
and evaluated for funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter. Completed
applications received after September 13, 2013, may be considered for funding in
FY 2013 subject to the availability of funds or will be considered for funds
available in FY 2014.

Availability of Notice and Rule. This Notice and the interim rule for RMAP are
available on the USDA Rural Development Web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_RMAP.html.
I. Funding Opportunity Description Back to Top

A. Purpose of the Program. The purpose of RMAP is to support the development and
ongoing success of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises (businesses
generally with 10 employees or fewer and in need of financing in the amount of
$50,000 or less as defined in 7 CFR 4280.302).

Assistance provided to rural areas under this program may include the provision
of loans and grants to rural MDOs for the provision of microloans to rural
microenterprises and microentrepreneurs; provision of business-based training
and technical assistance to rural microborrowers and potential microborrowers;
and other such activities as deemed appropriate by the Secretary to ensure the
development and ongoing success of rural microenterprises.

B. Statutory Authority. The RMAP is authorized by Section 379E of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 USC 2008s). Regulations are
contained in 7 CFR Part 4280, subpart D.

C. Definition of Terms. The definitions applicable to this Notice are published
at 7 CFR 4280.302.
II. Award Information Back to Top

A. Type of Award: Loan and/or Grant.

B. Fiscal Year Funds: FY 2013.

C. Total Funding:$12,224,613.35.

Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000.

Microlender TA Grants; $1,209,696.97.

Loans: $10,714,916.38.

D. Approximate Number of Awards: 50.

E. Anticipated Award

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                          February 16, 2011 Wednesday
                             Politifact.com Edition

AID FOR NEW FARMERS BUT NOT FEDERAL TAX INCENTIVES

BYLINE: ABBY BROWNBACK

SECTION: POLITIFACT

LENGTH: 1218 words


Give tax incentives to new farmers

Obama "will also provide tax incentives to make it easier for new farmers to
afford their first farm. Obama will increase incentives for farmers and private
landowners to conduct sustainable agriculture and protect wetlands, grasslands
and forests."

Sources: "Blueprint for Change"

Subjects: Agriculture, Taxes

* * *

THE OBAMETER: STALLED

"To make it easier for new farmers to afford their first farm," President Barack
Obama promised tax incentives for beginning farmers. These have yet to
materialize, and the steep cost of land -- more than $5,000 per acre in Iowa --
can bar young would-be farmers from entering the profession, said Ferd Hoefner,
policy director for the National Sustainable Agriculture Coalition.

Although federal tax incentives are not yet at hand, White House and U.S.
Agriculture Department media representatives point to other steps the
administration has taken to create incentives promoting sustainable agriculture,
some of which also make it easier for new farmers to acquire land.

A White House spokeswoman noted that Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack testified
before the Senate agriculture committee in June 2010 that the 2012 Farm Bill
should include a goal to add 100,000 new farmers. The Des Moines Register
reported on the hearing.

On the sustainability front, in September 2010, the USDA began offering loans of
up to $300,000 to farm owners and operators who need capital to implement
conservation practices, according to a USDA press release.

Other USDA programs, including the Conservation Reserve Program, the
Conservation Stewardship Program, the Environmental Quality Incentives Program
and the Wetlands Reserve Program extend financial and technical aid to farmers,
ranchers and landowners who implement conservation practices. The
administration, in its FY 2011 budget proposal, requested about $5 billion for
these programs. In FY 2012, the administration also proposed budget increases
for those programs, including $145 million above the FY 2011 estimate for the
Conservation Reserve Program.

Through CRP, landowners agree not to farm certain acreage for 10 to 15 years in
exchange for annual payments from the federal government, said Jeff Ward,
chairman of the National Council of State Agricultural Finance Programs. The
contracts on more than 4 million acres will expire this year, and -- to help
bring new farmers into the profession -- the Farm Services Agency has offered
two additional payments to owners who rent that land to beginning farmers.
Landowners already have committed to transition 54,000 acres to new farmers,
according to a USDA spokesman.

President Obama included in his FY 2011 budget some increases in funding for the
Sustainable Agriculture Research and Education Program, the Rural
Microentrepreneur Assistance Program and the National Organic Program, among
others. But in the president's FY 2012 budget, proposed funding for these
initiatives, which support beginning farmers, conservation practices, organic
food regulations and research remained level or decreased.

The Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program receives $4 million each fiscal
year per the 2008 Farm Bill, said Steph Larsen, of the non-profit Center for
Rural Affairs, which oversees the program. However, the president's FY 2012
budget includes just $3 million in mandatory funding for these loans and grants
for rural small businesses plus $6 million in discretionary spending, down from
the $8 million President Obama requested in FY 2011. As of October 2010 --
farmers may apply for the small business loans.

The $50,000 cap on the rural small business loans won"t buy farmers much land,
Larsen said, but "beginning farmers these days tend to be smaller-scale, not
commodity crops. They tend to be alternative, specialty crops like fruits and
vegetables."

There are state tax credits available to some new farmers. Iowa, Nebraska and
Wisconsin provide a tax credits to landowners who rent to a beginning farmer,
and Hoefner said the idea of a federal tax credit isn't "outside the realm of
possibility" -- because of the political support it could garner from members of
Congress from farming states -- if the 112th Congress were to take up a major
piece of tax legislation.

Still, with no federal tax incentives for new farmers on the horizon, we"ll
continue to rate this promise as Stalled.

Sources:

Interviews with Ferd Hoefner, policy director for the National Sustainable
Agriculture Coalition

Interview with Steph Larsen, assistant director of organizing for the Center for
Rural Affairs

Interview with Jeff Ward, chairman of the National Council of State Agricultural
Finance Programs

Phone and e-mail interviews with Tom Fazzini, press secretary in the United
States Department of Agriculture Office of Communications

E-mail interview with Hannah August, in the White House Office of Media Affairs

United States Department of Agriculture FY 2011 Budget Summary and FY 2012
Budget Summary

"Vilsack slams media for portrayal of farmers," by Philip Brasher of The Des
Moines Register, June 30, 2010

"USDA Announces Loan Program for Natural Resource Conservation," USDA website,
accessed Feb. 10, 2011

* * *

No tax incentives yet

Updated: Tuesday, January 12th, 2010

By Catharine Richert

The agriculture industry is always trying to attract new, young talent, but it's
difficult because farming is a very expensive endeavor. To lower the cost,
President Barack Obama promised to provide tax incentives to make it easier for
new farmers to afford their first farm.

More than a year later -- and an extensive Google and Nexis search later -- it
seems there's been no progress on the issue.

In part, this may have something to do with the fact that Congress just finished
up work on the massive 2008 Farm Bill, which sets the agenda for agricultural
policy for five years. During the debate, there was a lot of discussion about
new loans and tax credits for beginning farmers. Ultimately, farm-state
lawmakers only focused on grants and loans for new growers.

Small farm advocates are still hoping Obama will pull through on the tax credit.

"Loans are important, but access to the money does not necessarily get you
access to the land," Ferd Hoefner, director for the National Sustainable
Agriculture Coalition, told the National Journal in September 2009. "Policy
needs to work comprehensively and the tax incentive side is part of that
equation."

On the second part of his promise -- to provide incentives to conduct
sustainable agriculture and preserve land -- we've found some, albeit mixed,
progress. Obama talked about "unprecedented levels of emphasis" on conservation
of private lands. While the Interior and Agriculture Departments both got more
funding for some land conservation programs, other initiatives were shortchanged
in the Obama budget.

For example, he underfunded the Conservation Reserve Program, which encourages
farmers to preserve more land, in his budget. Ultimately, Congress fully funded
the operation.

So, there's been no movement on the tax credit, and Obama's record on land
conservation has been mixed so far. As a result, we're moving this promise to
Stalled -- at least for now.

Sources:

The National Sustainable Agriculture Coalition, Transition Team Recommendations:
Support for Beginning Farmers and Ranchers, Dec. 23, 2008

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2011 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2013 Monday

Washington: Farm Bill Left Unfinished in 2013

LENGTH: 226  words

DATELINE: Washington


National Association of Development Organizations, The Government of USA has
issued the following news release:

This week, the farm bill conference committee was unable to reach an agreement
on a final bill before the U.S. House adjourned for the holidays. However,
Congressional negotiators are confident they will be able to vote on a final
bill in early January of 2014. Negotiators are waiting on the Congressional
Budget Office (CBO) to score certain titles of the bill to determine long-term
savings and remaining funding.

On December 12, the House approved by voice vote a six-page temporary extension
of the 2008 farm bill (P.L. 110-627) through January 31, 2014. The measure
extends most agriculture and crop subsidy programs, but does not extend some
rural development programs such as pending rural development loan and grant
applications, Value-Added Producer Grants, and the Rural Microentrepreneur
Assistance Program (RMAP). The current farm bill authorization lapsed on
September 30, but Senate leadership has indicated they will not move a temporary
extension before the holiday recess since negotiators appear close to reaching a
final deal in January. NADO will continue to monitor these issues closely as
they develop. Click here to view NADO's legislative fact sheet on the farm bill.


For more information please visit: http://www.nado.org

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            March 23, 2013 Saturday

United States : To provide partial support to the grantee for its Rural
Microenterprise Development project

LENGTH: 186  words


Project Amount: $95,000
Project Period: 01/01/13 - 12/31/13
Duration: 12 months
Description: The Center for Rural Affairs was established in 1973 by rural
Nebraskans concerned about the loss of economic opportunities in their
communities, and has since grown to a nationally recognized policy analysis,
advocacy, and grassroots outreach organization.


This grant will provide partial support to the grantee for its Rural
Microenterprise Development project, which will work to ensure the long-term
existence, expansion, proper execution, and awareness of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program, which was established by
the 2008 Farm Bill and will provide training, technical assistance, and small
loans to rural small business owners.
During the grant period, the grantee will conduct advocacy and outreach work,
engage grassroots leaders as to the potential of microenterprise, and assist
rural small businesses to develop strong proposals for funding.
Geographic Area Served: North America/United States
Tags: Pathways Out of Poverty; Special Initiatives

country :United States
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2013 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 119 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Electric cooperative funds vet clinic

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 139 words


Slope Electric Cooperative has loaned $2 million to West River Veterinary Clinic
to construct a new veterinary clinic in Hettinger.

The loan is part of a partnership between electric cooperatives and the U.S.
Department of Agriculture to provide loans for rural businesses. USDA provides
zero-interest loans to local utilities and microenterprise development
organizations to then lend to local businesses.

The veterinary clinic employs 15 people. With the expansion of services, it
plans to add three more.

"Boosting access to capital sparks job creation and revitalizes the rural
economy," Jasper Schneider, USDA Rural Development state director, said in a
statement.

About $6.3 million in financing was provided through the Rural Economic
Development Loan and Grant Program and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program statewide.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2014 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             May 2, 2012 Wednesday

United States : Project to support to Rural Microenterprise Development project

LENGTH: 196  words


Project Amount: $75,000
Project Period: 01/01/12 - 12/31/12
Duration: 12 months
The Center for Rural Affairs was established in 1973 by rural Nebraskans
concerned about the loss of economic opportunities in their communities, and has
since grown to a nationally recognized policy analysis, advocacy, and grassroots
outreach organization. This grant will provide partial support to the grantee
for its Rural Microenterprise Development project, which will work to ensure the
long-term existence, expansion, proper execution, and awareness of the United
States Department of Agriculture Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program,
which was established by the 2008 Farm Bill and will provide training, technical
assistance, and small loans to rural small business owners. During the grant
period, the grantee will conduct advocacy and outreach work, engage grassroots
leaders as to the potential of microenterprise, submit formal comments on how to
improve proposed regulations, and assist rural small businesses to develop
strong proposals for funding.


Geographic Area Served: North America/United States
Tags: Pathways Out of Poverty; Special Initiatives

country :United States
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2012 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 119 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            March 17, 2011 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

A HELPING HAND FOR MAIN STREET;
PROGRESS FUND MAKES ITS MARK IN LENDING TO SMALL-TOWN ENTERPRISES FOCUSED ON
TOURISM

BYLINE: JOYCE GANNON, PITTSBURGH POST-GAZETTE

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E-1

LENGTH: 921 words


Whitewater rafts and canoes aren't the type of collateral that traditional
lending institutions look for when small businesses seek financing. Finance
professionals would rather see real estate or equipment on the loan application.

But David Kahley, chief executive and co-founder of The Progress Fund, a
Westmoreland County community development lender, said his fund had helped boost
the tourism industry in southwestern Pennsylvania and adjoining states by making
loans to recreation enterprises even when banks wouldn't touch them.

The Greensburg-based fund has loaned $35 million in 14 years -- primarily to
tourist-oriented businesses such as restaurants, bed and breakfast lodgings, and
outdoor adventure providers in Pennsylvania, West Virginia, Maryland and Ohio.

Last week, the fund was one of only eight organizations in the country and two
in Pennsylvania to receive funding from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program.

Progress received $600,000 -- the largest award of any in the country --
$500,000 in loan financing and a $100,000 grant.

The fund plans to use the money to make 10 loans of $50,000 apiece to startup or
existing businesses in small, rural communities where, Mr. Kahley said,
"tourism-type businesses are on the upswing and going strong."

He launched the Progress Fund in 1997 with Karen Post, now its chief financial
officer, with a vision of securing financing for tourism-related ventures.
"They're not the typical operations banks are comfortable with," he said. "But
they provide good jobs in small towns. People who start these businesses stay in
the community, become community leaders and hire people. These jobs don't go
offshore. They stay here."

Mr. Kahley described the fund as "not a government agency but we get government
funding." Sources include federal and state agencies that target economic
development.

It also receives funding through some commercial banks and foundations,
including the Richard King Mellon Foundation, McCune Foundation, Benedum
Foundation, Katherine Mabis McKenna Foundation, William Randolph Hearst
Foundation and F.B. Heron Foundation.

Besides providing loans -- currently at an interest rate of about 6 percent --
the Progress Fund assists entrepreneurs with business training and coaching.

Among the success stories in its portfolio is Wilderness Voyageurs of Dawson,
Fayette County.

The company had offered whitewater raft excursions on the Youghiogheny River for
decades when it decided to promote historic, narrated tours on the water.

The Progress Fund lent the business $20,000 to renovate a historic bank building
in Dawson for its headquarters and $30,000 for a new van and rafts. When the
economy crashed in 2008, the company didn't suffer, Mr. Kahley said.

"People continued to travel" during the recession, especially to destinations
they could reach by car, he said. "They went to places in the state, more local.
The big troubles were in Las Vegas, places people had to fly to and stay
overnight."

Wilderness Voyageurs -- which since obtaining its initial $50,000 from the
Progress Fund has diversified into bicycle rentals, fishing tours and kayak
excursions on 15 rivers in three states -- saw revenue jump by 8 percent last
year.

The Progress Fund lent its owner, Eric Martin, another $331,000 to finance a pub
and a lodge, both in Ohiopyle.

Besides businesses such as rafting and lodging that generate most of their
revenues from tourists, the Progress Fund lends to entrepreneurs trying to
survive in small towns.

"We like traditional main streets," said Mr. Kahley. "We'll lend to the clothing
outfitter or the certified public accountant or the people restoring commercial
properties there."

To that end, it has funded a conference center, a coffee shop and other
enterprises along the historic business district of Bedford, and it's in
discussions to fund redevelopment efforts in downtown Greensburg.

There have been failures. Of its 341 loans, about 2 percent have soured.

"When we started this, a lot of people thought we were destined for failure,"
said Mr. Kahley, who previously worked at Pittsburgh History and Landmarks
Foundation and as executive director of the Port Townsend Main Street Project in
Washington state.

After spending about a decade in that coastal community on the Olympic peninsula
west of Seattle, Mr. Kahley realized an economy reliant on thriving art
galleries, boutiques and hotels "can be strong and people can make a phenomenal
living."

He returned to the Pittsburgh region to be closer to his wife's family and
co-founded the Progress Fund with that tourist-based economic model in mind.

"Our borrowers have been phenomenally strong businesses. All the doomsday about
tourism was ill-informed. I'm just glad it worked and [that] people understood
it."Among its latest efforts is a program with Chatham University's Center for
Women's Entrepreneurship to provide online assistance for female business owners
in the Laurel Highlands.

The Web-based venture, funded by The Benedum Foundation, will target
entrepreneurs who might have trouble commuting regularly to classes and programs
at Chatham's city campus. Other partners include The Trail Town Program and
Laurel Highlands Visitors Bureau.

"My hope is that these businesses become really smart about tourism. With more
and more people involved like those at Chatham, I think we'll create an
intellectual infrastructure to help these businesses. The more the region
focuses on tourism, the more it's becoming a stronger industry."

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Joyce Gannon: jgannon@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1580./

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Bill Wade/Post-Gazette: David Kahley, president and CEO of The
Progress Fund, right, with Rod Darby, owner of The Trailside, a restaurant and
bar along the Great Allegheny Passage Trail in West Newton. \
PHOTO: Bill Wade/Post-Gazette: The Trailside restaurant is at 108 W. Main St.,
West Newton. People at the restaurant say the sculpture, made out of old
railroad spikes, is a "tribute to an anonymous frontiersman."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              69 of 119 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            October 29, 2013 Tuesday

Voice of the People (Wednesday, Oct. 30)

BYLINE: Deming Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 555 words


Farm Bill should address rural America's needs

With the Farm Bill finally moving forward, the Center for Rural Affairs urges
the House-Senate Conference Committee to ensure that the bill address the needs
of family farmers, ranchers, and small towns while also protecting our natural
resources.

The Committee must reform the farm safety net, including farm program payments
and federally subsidized crop insurance. There are important provisions included
in one or both bills that will provide needed reforms to these programs. These
reforms should move forward into the final bill. We urge the conferees to adopt
the historic payment limits and "actively engaged in farming" reforms adopted in
both bills with substantial bipartisan support.

Real federal investment in helping small towns and rural entrepreneurs has
fallen by half over the last decade. The Conference Committee should reverse
this trend with direct funding for the Value-Added Producer Grant program at its
historic level of $20 million annually and increase direct spending for the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program, which provides loans and technical
assistance to rural small businesses, to $10 million annually.

These reforms and investments have broad support, in Congress, throughout rural
and small town America. They should be included in the final Farm Bill. -- By
John Crabtree,johnc@cfra.org , is with the Center for Rural Affairs County
government could keep services by cutting spending

At a recent Luna County Board of Commissioners meeting, one of our commissioners
made the statement that with a decrease in money taken in the board might have
to cut services to the people.

A good way to solve that problem is cut county spending. No more property
acquisitions. No out-of-town functions, etc.

Cutting services to the poeple is a two-way street.

What have the commissiners done for the folks in your districts?

You folks must pay attention. These people put you in these positions. Start
earning your salaries and do something for the people.

Remember, elections every two years. -- Ray Krejci, Deming Not comfortable with
changes in my Deming Headlight

I am one of the Headlight's most passionate supporters of paper printing
resulting in paper reading. I even enticed my granddaughter off her iPhone to
read the Headlight, just to see the horoscopes. She can read her horoscope on
her phone, but the phone had never exposed her to horoscopes.

And now the daily horoscope is no longer in the paper -- one of the most unique
things about paper reading.

I recognize this was most likely a up-the-line management decision, but I feel
it is a bad decision. I want to see the horoscopes every day in my paper, bottom
line.

Of course, up-the-line decisions has resulted in a saavy looking paper, that
continues to cover Deming, and I get more news about my surrounding geographic
neighbors. And today I took delight in the half page ad for Peppers Supermarket.
It was friendly eye-candy, that enticed me to read about all the sales items.
Had their been the usual photos of foods on sale, my eyes would have
dismissively slid past them. I hope you can pass this stuff around to the people
that are obviously working hard to make a great Deming paper. I'll take on
sharing my feelings with Peppers Super management. -- Bette Waters, a Headlight
fan, Deming

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2013 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 119 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 10, 2016 Tuesday

Rugby business to receive $1M loan to build John Deere facility

BYLINE: Kevin Bonham, Grand Forks Herald

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 257 words


May 10--RUGBY, N.D. -- A Rugby implement dealership will receive a $1 million
federal loan to build a John Deere equipment facility.

The loan, from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Economic Development
Loan and Grant program, was approved recently for Moure Equipment, doing
business as Gooseneck Implement.

The company plans to build a facility along U.S. Highway 2 east of Rugby,
according to JoAnn Rodenbiker, director of business development for Northern
Plains Electric Cooperative, which has offices in Cando and Carrington, N.D.

The project, when completed, will add seven jobs to the nearly 40 at Gooseneck's
Rugby location, she said.

"The program is attractive to the business because of the zero interest,"
Rodenbiker said. "It is good for the cooperative because it serves our
members--in terms of jobs, the farm economy that is the heart of our business
and our cooperative commitment to community."

The $1 million loan, which is distributed through the Northern Plains business
development department, will be paid back over 10 years, she said.

The loan was made possible through USDA's Intermediary Relending Program and the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program, Rep. Kevin Cramer, R-N.D., said.

Gooseneck also operates John Deere implement dealerships in the North Dakota
cities of Minot, Harvey, Stanley, Kenmare, Velva, Mohall and Williston.

___ (c)2016 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160510-GF-Rugby-business-to-receive-1M-loan-to-build-John-Deere-facility-0510-
20160510

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2016 Grand Forks Herald


                              71 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 26, 2015 Wednesday

New Mexico: Small rural business finds funds

LENGTH: 284  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


City of Deming has issued the following news release:

USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner announced the New Mexico
Community Development Loan Fund also known as the 'Loan Fund' was successful in
providing two small business loans, using USDA funds, during the third quarter
of the 2015 fiscal year that just closed.

The Loan Fund used USDA Rural Development's Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program (RMAP) to make loans to Oscar and Myrna Ibanez of Anthony, New Mexico
(owners of a trucking business) and to P&M Signs from Mountainair, New Mexico.
Together the businesses received a total of $78,825 to expand their business
operations.

In making the announcement Brunner said, "I am excited USDA RD has partnered
with the 'Loan Fund' to help small businesses grow in rural New Mexico because
by doing so, we are creating new jobs which in turn strengthens our economy."
Brunner added, "Through our partnership with the Loan Fund and other non-profits
we are working in a more efficient manner to help small businesses access much
needed financial support."

The RMAP program provides a funding to local intermediaries such as the Loan
Fund who in turn re-lends the money to small businesses for community
development projects in rural communities. Nonprofits and cooperatives,
Federally-recognized Tribes and public agencies are eligible to apply to become
an intermediary lender. After receiving the funds they are allowed to loan the
money to individuals, public or private organizations, or other legal entities,
for a variety of economic development projects or support.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                    Farmers Independent (Bagley, Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 20, 2012

Rural people should not be forgotten by the farm bill

BYLINE: Farmers Independent staff

LENGTH: 245  words


Small towns and the people who live in them are forgotten by the proposed new
farm bill developed by the Senate Agriculture Committee. It would be the first
farm bill in decades to invest no funds in rural development.

But help may be on the way. Senator Sherrod Brown (D-OH) is developing an
amendment to change that. It will likely be offered as the farm bill is debated
by the full Senate. In recent weeks, 185 rural leaders and organizations from
across the nation sent a letter to every

U.S. Senator urging them to work with Senator Brown in securing farm bill
investment in rural development.

Since 2003, the federal investment in rural development has been cut by
one-third, even as overall federal spending has grown. Without farm bill
funding, the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program will wither, denying
loans, training and business plan assistance for rural enterprises with up to 10
employees.

Grants will be fewer for farmers and ranchers launching innovative value added
enterprises. Training and other assistance will be cut in half for beginning
farmers and ranchers seeking a place on the land and in our communities. The $3
billion waiting list will lengthen for small towns in need of federal help with
critical water and sewer upgrades.

Ordinary rural people can't hire a bevy of high paid lobbyists. That makes it
all the more critical that our senators hear directly from us. Rural people and
communities should not be forgotten by the farm bill.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Small Town Life

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FRM

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 Farmers Independent


                              73 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 26, 2015 Thursday

Federal Budget a Mixed Bag for Rural Priorities

LENGTH: 302  words

DATELINE: Lyons


Center for Rural Affairs has issued the following press release:

The discussion on federal spending begins each year with release of the
president's budget. This year, there is both good and bad news for small towns
and rural communities.

Let's start with the bad news, because it's on the important topic of
conservation. The president proposes to cut conservation program spending by
$859 million. Over half of that would come from cutting three million acres, or
$486 million, from the Conservation Stewardship Program.

Conservation programs have been under attack every year, despite their mandatory
funding status. This type of funding comes through the farm bill and, by rights,
should not be subject to annual spending cuts.

This is an especially bad time to cut conservation support. More farmers than
ever are seeking assistance. They need help addressing the challenges of
shifting weather patterns and climate change. Greater investment is needed here,
not less.

One the bright side, the budget includes first-time money for the Beginning
Farmer and Rancher Individual Development Account program. This program will
provide matched savings accounts to help beginners get a start in agriculture.

Another boost came from increased funding for the Rural Microentrepreneur
Assistance Program. This popular program gives money to organizations that
provide loans and technical assistance to entrepreneurs. They then use the funds
to directly assist rural entrepreneurs.

You can dig into more budget details here, from our partners at the National
Sustainable Agriculture Coalition. And we'll keep you posted as debate moves
forward. Your voices will be essential to help protect conservation funding.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 21, 2015 Saturday

Federal Budget a Mixed Bag for Rural Priorities

LENGTH: 302  words

DATELINE: Lyons


Center for Rural Affairs has issued the following press release:

The discussion on federal spending begins each year with release of the
president's budget. This year, there is both good and bad news for small towns
and rural communities.

Let's start with the bad news, because it's on the important topic of
conservation. The president proposes to cut conservation program spending by
$859 million. Over half of that would come from cutting three million acres, or
$486 million, from the Conservation Stewardship Program.

Conservation programs have been under attack every year, despite their mandatory
funding status. This type of funding comes through the farm bill and, by rights,
should not be subject to annual spending cuts.

This is an especially bad time to cut conservation support. More farmers than
ever are seeking assistance. They need help addressing the challenges of
shifting weather patterns and climate change. Greater investment is needed here,
not less.

One the bright side, the budget includes first-time money for the Beginning
Farmer and Rancher Individual Development Account program. This program will
provide matched savings accounts to help beginners get a start in agriculture.

Another boost came from increased funding for the Rural Microentrepreneur
Assistance Program. This popular program gives money to organizations that
provide loans and technical assistance to entrepreneurs. They then use the funds
to directly assist rural entrepreneurs.

You can dig into more budget details here, from our partners at the National
Sustainable Agriculture Coalition. And we'll keep you posted as debate moves
forward. Your voices will be essential to help protect conservation funding.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 119 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                            October 31, 2011 Monday

WESST awarded $675,000 in federal funds [10:47 a.m.]

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 338 words


FARMINGTON   WESST, an Albuquerque-based nonprofit that has a Farmington office,
recently announced it will receive more than $675,000 in federal grants and
loans to help small businesses grow.


The funding comes from the U.S. Department of Agriculuture's Rural Development
program.
"The funding provided by the USDA to WESST will provide the kind of hands-on
assistance our rural communities and small businesses need,"  USDA Rural
Development State Director Terry Brunner said in a prepared statement. "Small
businesses are the economic drivers in our rural communities and Microloans
provided by WESST in partnership with the USDA are vital to helping those small
businesses get the capital to expand and hopefully add the jobs that are so
urgently needed across New Mexico."
The two grants and one loan to WESST total more than $675,000. The first is a
$175,105 Rural Community Development Initiative grant.
The funding will be used to provide technical and financial assistance to
develop the capacity of three rural nonprofit organizations that focus on
community and economic development in ten low-income, rural communities in New
Mexico.
The three nonprofits include High Road Artisans in Truchas, Mountain Ambulance
Service/Art for the Heart in Peñasco and Tierra Del Sol in Anthony.
WESST will provide the three organizations with train-the-trainer education in
small business development, financial literacy and organizational capacity
building for board development and strategic planning.
An additional $100,000 grant and a $400,000 loan come from  Rural Development's
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program. This money will be used to provide
technical assistance to help small rural businesses with business development
services training. Small business owners in rural areas will learn how to make
an application for financial assistance and how to work with the lending
institution after the loan is made.
WESST will use the USDA loan to provide low-interest loans in amounts of $50,000
or less to small businesses.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2011 Farmington Daily Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 21, 2015 Saturday

Federal Budget a Mixed Bag for Rural Priorities

LENGTH: 302  words

DATELINE: Lyons


Center for Rural Affairs has issued the following press release:

The discussion on federal spending begins each year with release of the
president's budget. This year, there is both good and bad news for small towns
and rural communities.

Let's start with the bad news, because it's on the important topic of
conservation. The president proposes to cut conservation program spending by
$859 million. Over half of that would come from cutting three million acres, or
$486 million, from the Conservation Stewardship Program.

Conservation programs have been under attack every year, despite their mandatory
funding status. This type of funding comes through the farm bill and, by rights,
should not be subject to annual spending cuts.

This is an especially bad time to cut conservation support. More farmers than
ever are seeking assistance. They need help addressing the challenges of
shifting weather patterns and climate change. Greater investment is needed here,
not less.

One the bright side, the budget includes first-time money for the Beginning
Farmer and Rancher Individual Development Account program. This program will
provide matched savings accounts to help beginners get a start in agriculture.

Another boost came from increased funding for the Rural Microentrepreneur
Assistance Program. This popular program gives money to organizations that
provide loans and technical assistance to entrepreneurs. They then use the funds
to directly assist rural entrepreneurs.

You can dig into more budget details here, from our partners at the National
Sustainable Agriculture Coalition. And we'll keep you posted as debate moves
forward. Your voices will be essential to help protect conservation funding.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                Independent Coast Observer (Gualala, California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 16, 2015

State water grant may help clean up Sea Shell Inn site

BYLINE: Independent Coast Observer staff

LENGTH: 565  words


The Point Arena City Council started off the New Year with an update on the Sea
Shell Inn from John Kuhry, the Court Appointed Receiver, who gave a report on
the sale of the troubled property, which is currently in escrow awaiting the
fmalization of transfer of title. It is his understanding that the new owners,
Jeff Hansen and Laura Cover, will complete construction on the west side
property first, and then attend to the east side property that has the brunt of
environmental issues.

One of the major issues, he said, is the "very large discharge of gasoline" that
contaminated the surrounding ground during the removal of the underground tanks
in the early 1990s. Kuhry said the he has applied for a grant from the
Underground Storage Tank Clean Up Fund through the State Water Resources Control
Board, that will help mitigate the cost of clean up for the new property owners.

The new owners are responsible for a host of other financial burdens associated
with the decrepit property, and he felt this was one area where they could be
helped with state financial assistance. He said that the courts want Hansen and
Cover to succeed in bringing the property back to a usable state.

Following his report on the Sea Shell Inn, Kuhry switched hats to give another
report, this time as the Executive Director of the Economic Development and
Financing Corporation (EDFC), a non-profit agency that engages in economic
development activity in Mendocino and Lake Counties.

EDFC was recently awarded $605,000 from USDA Rural Developmerit, under the Rural
Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP), created under the 2008 Farm Bill
and recently reauthorized through the 2014 Farm Bill. EDFC was one of the
largest awardees in the country.

Under RMAP, EDFC will use $500,000 of the award to make micro-loans for business
startup or development to eligible microentrepre-neurs, denned as very small
businesses with 10 or fewer employees in Lake and Mendocino Counties. Loans
under this program are capped at a maximum of $50,000. In addition, each $50,000
microloan is also eligible to receive up to $10,000 for technical assistance and
training.

EDFC will be working with Mendocino's Small Business Development Center, West
Company and the Resource For Native Development, to provide technical assistance
for the program.

The RMAP program is open to all Mendocino county residents. For more
information, people can call EDFC at (707) 467-5953, or visit www.edfc.org.

Also at Tuesday's meeting, council members approved to appropriate $16,750 from
the General Fund to support the 2015 Fourth of July Celebration. Council members
Doug Burkey and Phil Burfoot will head up the committee. Council member Deb
Heatherstone asked that the name be changed to the South Coast Independence Day
Celebration to recognize that the event includes all South Coast communities.

Finally, the City Council and staff retreat that had been scheduled to take
place in January has been postponed. A date was not set by the conclusion of the
meeting, but will be addressed at the next City Council meeting on Tuesday, Jan.
27. As always, that meeting will be held in the Council Chamber at 451 School
St., at 6 p.m. All community members are encouraged to attend. For more
information, or to receive a copy of the agenda before the meeting, people can
call the City Clerk's office at (707) 882-2122, or email PA-CityMgr@mcn.org

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ICO

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2015 Independent Coast Observer


                              78 of 119 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                              July 6, 2012 Friday

New training offered to local planning, engineering services consultants

BYLINE: The Times-Standard

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 247 words


The North Coast Small Business Development Center recently received a small
grant award from the USDA Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program, enabling
them to offer a new, intensive business training program composed of monthly
one-on-one business counseling and industry-tailored workshops beginning at the
end of July and ending next February, according to a press release.

The Planning & Engineering Services Flight will feature speakers covering topics
such as strategic planning, human resources management, government contracting,
risk management, client care and competitive bid and proposal writing along with
industry trends and reference materials, according to the release.

Planning & Engineering Services Flight participants can range from professionals
just starting a new consultancy to those who are more established and could
benefit from some fine-tuning of their business management strategy.

Applicants must demonstrate readiness for and compatibility with the seven-month
long training program with a commitment to setting and achieving business goals.
Eligible participants have 10 or fewer full-time equivalent employees, including
owners, and must live and/or work in Humboldt County.

An informational meeting will be held on Monday, July 9 at 12:30 p.m. in the
large conference room at the Prosperity Center, 520 E St. in Eureka.

Application deadline for the program is Friday, July 13, at 5 p.m. For more
information, contacthttp://www.northcoastsbdc.org/planning

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 119 DOCUMENTS


                       The Dickinson Press (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 5, 2013 Tuesday

CherryBerry self-serve yogurt bar opens in Dickinson

BYLINE: Katherine Grandstrand, The Dickinson Press, N.D.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 473 words


Feb. 05--Despite temperatures hovering around 20 degrees below zero, CherryBerry
Dickinson, a self-serve frozen yogurt bar, opened Thursday and had sold out of
some flavors and toppings before the weekend hit and Dickinson warmed up.

"I kind of thought the weather would hold people back," Manager Mandi Bindas
said. "But we were pretty busy. We had a line all the way around the store."

The shop features 21 flavors of frozen yogurt, 14 single which are carefully
paired together to be swirled, creating seven more, she said.

"All the flavors match up, so if you twist it, it turns into something like --
vanilla and orange makes a dreamsicle," Bindas said.

Walk into CherryBerry and choose a size -- 16 ounce or 20 ounce -- and begin
filling it with a favorite flavor. Add toppings from the dry bar, including
cereal and sprinkles, and then from the wet bar where the fruit, some candy and
jelly poppers are kept.

Cups are then weighed and patrons pay by the ounce -- 49 cents per ounce --
which includes the weight of all toppings and yogurt, Bindas said.

The yogurt shop features specials for many days of the week, including specials
for moms of children under 5 and for college and high school students, she said.

Part of the financing for CherryBerry came from a new USDA loan program for
small businesses in rural communities. The Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program was launched in late 2012, Lake Agassiz Regional Development Corporation
Fund Manager Randy Kingsley said.

"It serves as a gap-financing tool in many ways," he said. Eligible businesses
are those that cannot obtain traditional bank financing in full or in part.

CherryBerry was the first business to take advantage of the statewide program
for entrepreneurs in communities with populations less than 50,000, Kingsley
said. A small business for the purposes of the loan is defined as having 10 or
fewer full-time employees.

The loans can be made for up to $50,000, he said. So far LARDC, who was allotted
$500,000, has used $98,000 of that for three loans.

CherryBerry pays it forward by working with groups to do fundraiser nights,
where 10 to 20 percent of the profits earned during the fundraiser period goes
back to the group, Bindas said.

"We just thought it would be something fun to bring to the community," she said.
"This is something different from anything else in town."

CherryBerry is located at 1674 15th St. W. in Dickinson and is open from 11 a.m.
to 10 p.m. Sunday through Thursday, and from 11 a.m. to 11 p.m. on Friday and
Saturday.

For more information, visit:

http://www.cherryberryyogurtbar.com/

http://www.facebook.com/CherryBerryDickinson

@CBDickinsonND on Twitter

More from around the web

___ (c)2013 the Dickinson Press (Dickinson, N.D.) Visit the Dickinson Press
(Dickinson, N.D.) at www.thedickinsonpress.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130205-QX-CherryBerry-self-serve-yogurt-bar-opens-in-Dickinson-0205-20130205

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QX


                       Copyright 2013 The Dickinson Press


                              80 of 119 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            August 25, 2015 Tuesday

Small rural business finds funds

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 387 words


ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. &GT;&GT; USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner
announced the New Mexico Community Development Loan Fund also known as the 'Loan
Fund' was successful in providing two small business loans, using USDA funds,
during the third quarter of the 2015 fiscal year that just closed.

The Loan Fund used USDA Rural Development's Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program (RMAP) to make loans to Oscar and Myrna Ibanez of Anthony, New Mexico
(owners of a trucking business) and to P&M Signs from Mountainair, New Mexico.
Together the businesses received a total of $78,825 to expand their business
operations.

In making the announcement Brunner said, "I am excited USDA RD has partnered
with the 'Loan Fund' to help small businesses grow in rural New Mexico because
by doing so, we are creating new jobs which in turn strengthens our economy."
Brunner added, "Through our partnership with the Loan Fund and other non-profits
we are working in a more efficient manner to help small businesses access much
needed financial support."

The RMAP program provides a funding to local intermediaries such as the Loan
Fund who in turn re-lends the money to small businesses for community
development projects in rural communities. Nonprofits and cooperatives,
Federally-recognized Tribes and public agencies are eligible to apply to become
an intermediary lender. After receiving the funds they are allowed to loan the
money to individuals, public or private organizations, or other legal entities,
for a variety of economic development projects or support.

The New Mexico Community Development Loan Fund has partnered with USDA Rural
Development for the last 20 years using the agency's funding to expand or to
start up various small businesses from day care centers, flower shops,
restaurants and a tortilla factory to name a few.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Director Terry Brunner, USDA State Rural Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2015 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Rural Business-Cooperative Service: Business Loan and Grant Analyst DC-2014-0109

LENGTH: 3456  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Business Loan and Grant Analyst

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Rural Business-Cooperative Service

Job Announcement Number:DC-2014-0109
SALARY RANGE:
 $75,621.00 to $116,901.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Wednesday, September 24, 2014 to Friday, October 3, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1101-12/13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - District of Columbia, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Federal employees with competitive status, reinstatement
eligibles, persons with disabilities, VEOA eligibles, certain military spouses,
30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA volunteers,
CTAP/ICTAP eligibles, Farm Service Agency permanent county employees and those
eligible for other Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Service, Rural Business and Cooperative Service, and Rural Utilities
Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and promotes
diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is located in the Specialty Programs Branch, Specialty Programs
Division (SPD), under the Deputy Administrator, Business Programs, Rural
Development.  The Specialty Programs Division is responsible for developing and
recommending operating plans, policies, and procedures that regulate and guide
SPD loan and grant processing, administration, and monitoring activities.  The
SPD Processing Branch loan and grant programs currently include: Intermediary
Relending Program (IRP), Rural Business Development Grants (RBDG), Rural
Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP), Rural Business Investment Program
(RBIP), and the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) programs.

This announcement maybe used to fill additional or subsequent vacancies that are
identified by the organization.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    5%

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    A 1-year probationary period is required.
    For the GS-13 level, OGE Form 450 is required.
    As a condition of employment a background investigation is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Performs analyses of a full range of financial data including but not limited to
financial statements, financial forecasts and feasibility studies for business
and specialty lenders.
    Monitor industry economic and financing trends and make evaluations and
recommendations regarding the impact of such trends on potential and existing
borrowers and grantees in terms of security interests, the soundness of federal
investment, business, community, and economic development funding needs, and the
projected ability of the borrower or grantee to perform.
    Prepare, analyze, interpret and review nonstandard and standard legal
documents in support of loans, loan guarantees, and grants.
    Evaluate business and specialty industry organizations' operational and
financial characteristics in processing difficult and complex loan, guaranteed
loan, and grant applications.
    Provides information clearinghouse functions to potential clients, grantees
and borrowers.
    Assist with the development of training seminars for internal and external
audiences.
    Incumbent may be called upon to assist with responses to Performance
assessment Rating Tool questions.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all qualifications and eligiblity requirements by the
closing date of the announcement including time and grade restrictions and
specialized experience as defined below.

Time in grade: Applicant must meet one year at the next lower grade to be
considered for the next higher grade. (e.g., one year at the GS-11 grade level
for consideration to the GS-12 grade level and one year at the GS-12 grade level
for consideration at the GS-13 level).

For the GS-12 level: Applicants must have one year of specialized experience
equivalent to at least the GS-11 or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates
experience performing credit risk and financial statement analysis, including
applicable financial, managerial, operational economic, regulatory, loan
security, and legal problems and issues; experience assisting in Government
grant and loan policies, practices, laws, and regulations related to
construction and non-construction grants; experience utilizing automated
equipment and software to extract and analyze information and data and
experience presenting information orally and in writing.  There is no education
substitution for this grade.


For the GS-13 level:  Applicants must have one year of specialized experience
equivalent to at least the GS-12 or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates
experience performing credit risk and financial statement analysis, including
applicable financial, managerial, operational, economic, regulatory, loan
security, and legal problems and issues; experience in applying Government grant
and loan policies, practices, laws, and regulations related to construction and
non-construction grants; experience utilizing automated equipment and software
to extract and analyze information and data and experience presenting
information orally and in writing.  There is no education substitution for this
grade.

Note: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-1101 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualifications Standards by the closing date of
announcement. A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp.

o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.  This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Program Administration/Project Management
        Commercial and Community Loan and Grant Making
        Oral Communication
        Written Communication

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rbcs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=4ac5a59f-15ef
-41fe-9618-a3aa00fbab1b

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/


OTHER INFORMATION:
o  If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will
be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted
if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact: USDAs
TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of 85 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPMs
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours normally (8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

If you are a veteran claiming Veterans' Preference, please attach your DD-214
"Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," showing all dates of
service, receipt of medals and campaign badges, as well as character of service
(Honorable, General, etc.). The member 4 copy of your DD-214, "Certificate of
Release or Discharge from Active Duty," is preferable.

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Sheran Littlejohn
Phone: (202) 692-0186
Fax: (202) 692-0182
Email: sheran.littlejohn@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA(RBS)
1400 Independence Ave., S.W.
Washington, DC,
20250
USA
Fax: (202) 692-0182
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Rural Business-Cooperative Service: Business Loan and Grant Analyst DC-2014-0109

LENGTH: 3458  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Business Loan and Grant Analyst

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Rural Business-Cooperative Service

Job Announcement Number:DC-2014-0109
SALARY RANGE:
 $75,621.00 to $116,901.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Wednesday, September 24, 2014 to Sunday, October 5, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1101-12/13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - District of Columbia, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Federal employees with competitive status, reinstatement
eligibles, persons with disabilities, VEOA eligibles, certain military spouses,
30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA volunteers,
CTAP/ICTAP eligibles, Farm Service Agency permanent county employees and those
eligible for other Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Service, Rural Business and Cooperative Service, and Rural Utilities
Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and promotes
diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is located in the Specialty Lenders Processing Branch, Specialty
Lenders Division (SLD), under the Deputy Administrator, Business Programs, Rural
Development.  The Specialty Lenders Division is responsible for developing and
recommending operating plans, policies, and procedures that regulate and guide
SLD loan and grant processing, administration, and monitoring activities.  The
SLD Processing Branch loan and grant programs currently include: Intermediary
Relending Program (IRP), Rural Business Development Grants (RBDG), Rural
Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP), Rural Business Investment Program
(RBIP), and the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) programs.

This announcement maybe used to fill additional or subsequent vacancies that are
identified by the organization.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    5%

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    A 1-year probationary period is required.
    For the GS-13 level, OGE Form 450 is required.
    As a condition of employment a background investigation is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Performs analyses of a full range of financial data including but not limited to
financial statements, financial forecasts and feasibility studies for business
and specialty lenders.
    Monitor industry economic and financing trends and make evaluations and
recommendations regarding the impact of such trends on potential and existing
borrowers and grantees in terms of security interests, the soundness of federal
investment, business, community, and economic development funding needs, and the
projected ability of the borrower or grantee to perform.
    Prepare, analyze, interpret and review nonstandard and standard legal
documents in support of loans, loan guarantees, and grants.
    Evaluate business and specialty industry organizations' operational and
financial characteristics in processing difficult and complex loan, guaranteed
loan, and grant applications.
    Provides information clearinghouse functions to potential clients, grantees
and borrowers.
    Assist with the development of training seminars for internal and external
audiences.
    Incumbent may be called upon to assist with responses to Performance
assessment Rating Tool questions.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all qualifications and eligiblity requirements by the
closing date of the announcement including time and grade restrictions and
specialized experience as defined below.

Time in grade: Applicant must meet one year at the next lower grade to be
considered for the next higher grade. (e.g., one year at the GS-11 grade level
for consideration to the GS-12 grade level and one year at the GS-12 grade level
for consideration at the GS-13 level).

For the GS-12 level: Applicants must have one year of specialized experience
equivalent to at least the GS-11 or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates
experience performing credit risk and financial statement analysis, including
applicable financial, managerial, operational economic, regulatory, loan
security, and legal problems and issues; experience assisting in Government
grant and loan policies, practices, laws, and regulations related to
construction and non-construction grants; experience utilizing automated
equipment and software to extract and analyze information and data and
experience presenting information orally and in writing.  There is no education
substitution for this grade.


For the GS-13 level:  Applicants must have one year of specialized experience
equivalent to at least the GS-12 or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates
experience performing credit risk and financial statement analysis, including
applicable financial, managerial, operational, economic, regulatory, loan
security, and legal problems and issues; experience in applying Government grant
and loan policies, practices, laws, and regulations related to construction and
non-construction grants; experience utilizing automated equipment and software
to extract and analyze information and data and experience presenting
information orally and in writing.  There is no education substitution for this
grade.

Note: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-1101 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualifications Standards by the closing date of
announcement. A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp.

o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.  This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Program Administration/Project Management
        Commercial and Community Loan and Grant Making
        Oral Communication
        Written Communication

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rbcs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=4ac5a59f-15ef
-41fe-9618-a3aa00fbab1b

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/


OTHER INFORMATION:
o  If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will
be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted
if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact: USDAs
TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of 85 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPMs
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours normally (8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

If you are a veteran claiming Veterans' Preference, please attach your DD-214
"Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," showing all dates of
service, receipt of medals and campaign badges, as well as character of service
(Honorable, General, etc.). The member 4 copy of your DD-214, "Certificate of
Release or Discharge from Active Duty," is preferable.

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Sheran Littlejohn
Phone: (202) 692-0186
Fax: (202) 692-0182
Email: sheran.littlejohn@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA(RBS)
1400 Independence Ave., S.W.
Washington, DC,
20250
USA
Fax: (202) 692-0182
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 119 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Courier (Connelsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 18, 2010 Saturday

Fay-Penn adopts 2011 budget; receives update on initiatives

BYLINE: Mark Hofmann, The Daily Courier, Connellsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 379 words


Dec. 18--Fay-Penn Economic Development Council adopted its 2011 operating budget
with a deficit and gave positive updates on different initiatives.

For its budget, Fay-Penn will run a deficit of $1,208,934, which members said is
not unusual, as they've had budgets with such deficits in the past few years.

To balance the spending plan, Fay-Penn moved $480,000 from the interest in its
revolving loan fund and $729,000 from a building fund.

In other business, Bob Junk with Fay-Penn announced the success of the Buy Local
program. The program, started in April, has attracted nearly 100 businesses into
the network, and 20,000 Buy Local discount cards are out, he said.

Junk said that the program is expanding and the four farmers markets that were
created this year became very popular during the summer.

"This has just been a super year," Junk said.

Furthermore, Fay-Penn:

--Closed on two loans totaling $163,500 for Henwil Corp. for financing tank
coating, rail repairs and a start-up for an alum plant.

Henwil Corp. was established to support and manufacture products for the
specialty chemical fields.

The company, which purchased the former nitric acid plant in Newell in 2005, is
expected to retain six full-time positions and create a minimum of four more
full-time positions during the next three years.

--Voted to approve the submission of a grant application for $50,000 for the
Appalachian Regional Commission.

--Announced a $500,000 loan and $105,000 grant were received from the Department
of Agriculture's Rural Development for the Microentrepreneur Assistance Program,
or RMAP, which is a micro-loan program for businesses with 10 employees or less.
The maximum loan amount is $50,000.

A subcommittee will be assembled to approve loan requests. More information will
be released on the program, which Fay-Penn hopes to start next month.

Mark Hofmann can be reached at mhofmann@tribweb.com or 724-626-3539.

To see more of The Daily Courier or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pittsburghlive.com/x/dailycourier/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Daily
Courier, Connellsville, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20101218-DC-Fay-Penn-adopts-2011-budget-receives-update-on-initiatives-1218-2010
1218

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DC


                        Copyright 2010 The Daily Courier


                              84 of 119 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                          November 16, 2011 Wednesday

NM in line for USDA development loans (3:49 a.m.)

BYLINE: By The Asociated Press

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 520 words


Business organizations in 22 states and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico will
receive support.

"A strong rural America and a strong agricultural industry go hand in hand,"
said Vilsack. "These investments will bring increased economic opportunity to
rural residents and communities. They will help organizations expand job and
economic opportunities in rural communities across the nation."

The announcement was made on the Secretary's behalf by Deputy Under Secretary
for Rural Development Doug O'Brien during a trip to Ames, Iowa to address the
Rural Young Entrepreneur Summit (YES).The funding being provided through the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Recipients are development
organizations that make loans to microenterprises and microentreprenuers and
provide business-based training and technical assistance to rural
micro-borrowers.

For example, in New Mexico, both the New Mexico Community Development Loan Fund,
Inc. and the Women's Economic Self-Sufficiency Team Corp. (WESST) were included
in the Secretary's announcement.

"Now more than ever, New Mexico's small businesses need access to credit," said
USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner. He added, "We are pleased
to partner with the NM Community Development Loan fund and WESST to help finance
small businesses around New Mexico that need help with their start up or
expansion."

Both organizations will create rural microloan revolving fund program that will
make loans and provide technical assistance to rural business-owners and
microenterprises in various rural counties in New Mexico.

Funding for each project is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of
the loan and grant agreement.

Since taking office, President Obama's Administration has taken historic steps
to improve the lives of rural Americans, put people back to work and build
thriving economies in rural communities. From proposing the American Jobs Act to
establishing the first-ever White House Rural Council chaired by Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack the President wants the federal government to be the best
possible partner for rural businesses and entrepreneurs creating job
opportunities and for people who want to live, work, and raise their families in
rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, administers and manages
housing, business and community infrastructure and facility programs through a
national network of state and local offices. Rural Development has an existing
portfolio of more than $155 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs
are designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America.

NEW MEXICO

New Mexico Community Development Loan Fund, Inc.: $500,000 loan; $105,000 grant
to capitalize a rural microloan revolving fund to make loans to rural
microentreprenuers and microenterprises

Women's Economic Self-Sufficiency Team Corp. (WESST): $400,000 loan; $100,000
grant to capitalize a rural microloan revolving fund to make loans to rural
microentreprenuers and microenterprises

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2011 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Hoeven Announces $6.4 Million in USDA Loans and Grants to Support Rural Business
in North Dakota

LENGTH: 496  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator John Hoeven, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Senator John Hoeven today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) has awarded nearly $6.4 million in loans and grants to support rural
business activities in North Dakota. The funds are made available through two
USDA programs, the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) Program and
the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP), which were continued by
the 2014 farm bill.

The REDLG Program provides zero-interest loans to local utilities, which then
relend the funds to local businesses to boost economic growth in rural
communities. Through RMAP, USDA provides loans to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to support microloans for the start-up or development of
businesses with 10 or fewer employees. RMAP also makes grants available for MDOs
to provide technical assistance and training, particularly in rural areas
experiencing persistent poverty or significant outmigration.

"As North Dakota's economy continues to expand, from the oil patch to Fargo, we
have many opportunities to grow and diversify our economy," said Hoeven. "These
USDA loans and grants help our businesses act on opportunities in our smaller
communities that might otherwise not be realized. Such investments help enhance
our state's economy, providing our resident's with jobs and helping to sustain
our economic growth into the future."

The loans and grants are awarded as follows:

West River Veterinary Clinic, PC - $2 million - This loan, made through Northern
Plains Electric Cooperative, will help build a new, modern clinic in Hettinger.
    Gooseneck Implement - $2 million - These two loans, made through SRT
Communications and Verendrye Electric Cooperative, will help construct a farm
equipment facility in Velva.
    Dakota Spirit AgEnergy, LLC- $1 million - This loan, made through the
Northern Plains Electric Cooperative, will support the construction a
65-million-gallon-per-year ethanol plant in Jamestown.
    S&S Grain, Inc. - $775,000 - This loan, made through Nodak Electric
Cooperative, Inc., will support the purchase and renovation of a building for
grain drying, handling and storage in Walhalla.
    Oyate Community Development Corporation - $500,000 loan and $105,000 grant -
These funds will be used to capitalize a rural revolving loan fund to make
microloans to very small businesses.

As a member of the U.S. Senate Agriculture and Appropriations committees, Hoeven
continues working to support rural development programs, which promote
infrastructure investment in and help grow North Dakota's rural communities. The
senator also served on the Senate-House Conference Committee that negotiated the
final version of the new five-year farm bill which reauthorized and strengthened
programs in support of rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 119 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                          November 16, 2011 Wednesday

Funds to create jobs in rural communities

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 575 words


Business organizations in 22 states and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico will
receive support.

"A strong rural America and a strong agricultural industry go hand in hand,"
said Vilsack. "These investments will bring increased economic opportunity to
rural residents and communities. They will help organizations expand job and
economic opportunities in rural communities across the nation."

The announcement was made on the Secretary's behalf by Deputy Under Secretary
for Rural Development Doug O'Brien during a trip to Ames, Iowa to address the
Rural Young Entrepreneur Summit (YES).The funding being provided through the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Recipients are development
organizations that make loans to microenterprises and microentreprenuers and
provide business-based training and technical assistance to rural
micro-borrowers.

For example, in New Mexico, both the New Mexico Community Development Loan Fund,
Inc. and the Women's Economic Self-Sufficiency Team Corp. (WESST) were included
in the Secretary's announcement.

"Now more than ever, New Mexico's small businesses need access to credit," said
USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner. He added, "We are pleased
to partner with the NM Community Development Loan fund and WESST to help finance
small businesses around New Mexico that need help with their start up or
expansion."

00020000037E000006C6 378,Both organizations will create rural microloan
revolving fund program that will make loans and provide technical assistance to
rural business-owners and microenterprises in various rural counties in New
Mexico.

Funding for each project is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of
the loan and grant agreement.

Since taking office, President Obama's Administration has taken historic steps
to improve the lives of rural Americans, put people back to work and build
thriving economies in rural communities. From proposing the American Jobs Act to
establishing the first-ever White House Rural Council chaired by Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack the President wants the federal government to be the best
possible partner for rural businesses and entrepreneurs creating job
opportunities and for people who want to live, work, and raise their families in
rural communities.

00020000049000000A3E 48A,USDA, through its Rural Development mission area,
administers and manages housing, business and community infrastructure and
facility programs through a national network of state and local offices. Rural
Development has an existing portfolio of more than $155 billion in loans and
loan guarantees. These programs are designed to improve the economic stability
of rural communities, businesses, residents, farmers and ranchers and improve
the quality of life in rural America.

BREAKOUT BOX

NEW MEXICO

New Mexico Community Development Loan Fund, Inc.: $500,000 loan; $105,000 grant
to capitalize a rural microloan revolving fund to make loans to rural
microentreprenuers and microenterprises

Women's Economic Self-Sufficiency Team Corp. (WESST): $400,000 loan; $100,000
grant to capitalize a rural microloan revolving fund to make loans to rural
microentreprenuers and microenterprises

THUMBNAIL PULL QUOTE:

"These investments will bring increased economic opportunity to rural residents
and communities. They will help organizations expand job and economic
opportunities in rural communities across the nation." Tom Vilsack, US
Agricultural Secretary

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tom Vilsack, U.S. agriculture secretary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2011 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 119 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             March 11, 2011 Friday

Nonprofit boosts small ventures

BYLINE: Joe Napsha

LENGTH: 473 words


Sandra Younkin wanted to buy a bed and breakfast inn in Confluence, a short
jaunt from the bicycle trail along the Youghiogheny River in Somerset County and
just outside the popular tourist destination of Ohiopyle State Park.

But with credit tight last year and a sluggish economy that hurt business at the
inn, Younkin said, she and her husband, Fred, sought an alternative source to
buy the Confluence House where she worked as innkeeper and chef.

"I did not even go the local banks. I went right to them," Younkin said of The
Progress Fund, a Greensburg-based community development lender that provides
loans to small businesses in the tourism and agriculture industries.

With help from The Progress Fund, she borrowed $175,000 from the Department of
Agriculture's relending program, which provided the bulk of the $189,000 needed
to buy the property. She added a catering business and a wine-tasting room.

"It's been a real success," Younkin said, and she's expecting business to pick
up this spring.

The Progress Fund's efforts to lend money to small businesses such as Younkin's
got a boost this week when the department awarded the organization $500,000 for
loans to businesses with fewer than 10 employees, said David Kahley, The
Progress Fund CEO. The USDA gave the organization $100,000 to pay for the time
employees spend helping entrepreneurs, Kahley said. The Progress Fund has
borrowers "in the pipeline" for the federal money, Kahley said.

"It allows us to provide smaller businesses with money," Kahley said. Start-up
businesses typically seek loans of $50,000 or less, he noted.

The federal money can be extended in amounts no greater than $50,000, so they
could provide five loans a year for two years, Kahley said. The money from the
USDA's Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program, which is projected to help
create or save 22 jobs, cannot be used in urban areas such as Allegheny County,
he said.

Unlike the money it receives from foundations -- which might restrict loans to a
section of Western Pennsylvania, Western Maryland, West Virginia or 22
Appalachian counties in Ohio -- the USDA money can be used in any of the 39
counties the organization serves in Pennsylvania, Kahley said.

The Progress Fund made 27 small-business loans last year, and 60 percent of its
loans go to businesses in Western Pennsylvania, Kahley said.

Since its inception in 1997, the fund has provided $36.3 million to 205
businesses that created or retained 2,350 jobs. Some of the loans were for as
much as $750,000, with interest rates just below those offered by banks, Kahley
said.

The Progress Fund operates on a $1.8 million budget and has a revolving loan
fund with a pool of $20 million available this year. The fund has a default rate
of just 2.5 percent, Kahley said. Before the recession, the default rate was
below 1 percent.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2011 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 119 DOCUMENTS



              The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  June 4, 2014

USDA offering loans, grants to support rural development

BYLINE: The Lake Metigoshe Mirror staff

LENGTH: 664  words


Revolving loans, micro-lending help create jobs, spark business expansion,
increase rural manufacturing

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vil-sack announced that the Department is accepting
applications for loans and grants to support community development projects,
business expansion and job creation.

"These United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) investments are part of
the Obama Administration's ongoing efforts to create jobs and expand economic
opportunities for rural entrepreneurs," Vilsack said. "Through them, USDA is
working with local organizations to provide capital to help small business
owners achieve their goals. These investments are helping rural residents take
the next steps on the ladder to greater success and opportunity."

Assistance is being provided through two USDA Rural Development programs: the
Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program (RMAP). The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized both programs through 2018. For
Fiscal Year 2014, $18.9 million in IRP loans are available, and $25.4 million in
RMAP loans and grants are available.

Under IRP, USDA lends money to economic development intermediaries (non-profits
and public bodies) who re-lend it to rural businesses (ultimate recipients) that
might not otherwise be able to obtain such financing. The program supports
sustainable economic development and helps create or retain jobs in
disadvantaged and remote communities. USDA encourages intermediaries to work
with state and regional representatives and with other public and private
organizations that can provide complementary resources. Since President Obama
took office, the IRP program has created or saved an estimated 92,000 jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans and grants to Microenter-prise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to help micro entrepreneurs -- very small businesses with
10 or fewer employees -- access microloans to start or de-velop-businesses.

MDOs use the funds to provide training and technical assistance to eligible
small businesses or to establish revolving loan funds to provide micro-loans,
typically $5,000 to $50,000, to rural micro entrepreneurs.

Since 2008, the' RMAP program has provided $52 million for 257 projects to
support very small business enterprises.

Details about how to apply for 2014 IRP funding are on page 28886 and for 2014
RMAP funding are on page 28888 of today's Federal Register. Application forms
may be obtained from any USDA Rural Development State Office.

The Mid-Columbia Economic Development District in Maupin, Ore., used a $100,000
IRP loan and other funding to keep Maupin's local grocery store open and save
six jobs. The new owner used the funds to remodel the 90-year-old establishment,
which serves residents and tourists and is the only grocery store within 40
miles.

USDA provided $605,000 in

RMAP loans and grants to California FarmLink, a statewide nonprofit serving
limited-resource, underserved farmers. FarmLink used the funds to provide 23
micro-loans and technical assistance to small farmers in California. The farmers
bought seeds, plants and equipment, hired workers, marketed their crops and
became more profitable. More than half of the micro-loans were provided to women
and minority farmers.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture

Secretary Vilsack are committee to a smarter use of federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs anc working families in rural communities.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LMT

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
       Copyright 2014 The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)


                              89 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Rural Development Loan Servicing

LENGTH: 2452  words


Washington, D.C.: This Rule document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)

Action

Direct final rule.
Summary

The Rural Business-Cooperative Service is amending its regulations for Debt
Settlement. This amendment would allow the Rural Business Service's (referred to
as Agency throughout the remainder of the text) Administrator to use the
statutory authority that has been delegated to him/her in accordance with title
331(b)(4) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT), but is
currently not being used for all of RBS's revolving loan programs, which
include: The Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) loans, Rural Development Loan
Fund (RDLF) loans, and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program
(RMAP)loans. This regulation will allow the RBS to be consistent across all of
its loan programs; all of RBS's other loan programs have regulations in place to
settle debt.

This Direct Final Rule is intended to authorize the Agency to use its
independent debt settlement authority under CONACT. Nothing in this Direct Final
Rule is intended to affect the requirements of the Agency to follow other
applicable Federal debt collection law such as the Debt Collection Improvement
Act of 1996, as amended. Further nothing in this Direct Final Rule is intended
to alter any requirements the Agency must follow when making collection
referrals to the Department of Justice or the Treasury Department.
Dates

This rule is effective May 18, 2015. Comments on this direct final rule must be
received on or before April 13, 2015 to be assured of consideration.

If RBS receives adverse comment(s) on all or a distinct portion of this rule, we
will publish a timely withdrawal in theFederal Registerinforming the public that
some of this rule or the entire direct final rule will not take effect. The rule
provisions that are not withdrawn will become effective on the date set out
above, notwithstanding adverse comments on any other provision, unless we
determine that it would not be appropriate to promulgate those provisions.
Addresses

You may submit comments to this direct final rule by any of the following
methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the instructions
for submitting comments.
    Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service to the Branch
Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, STOP 0742, 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Washington, DC 20024.
    Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal Express Mail, or
other courier service requiring a street address, to the Branch Chief,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture. All
written comments will be available for public inspection during regular work
hours at the 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor address listed above.

For Further Information Contact

Melvin Padgett, Rural Development, Business Programs, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop 3226, Washington, DC 20250-3225;
email: melvin.padgett@wdc.usda.gov; telephone: (202) 720-1495.
Supplementary Information
Executive Order 12866, Classification

This rule has been determined to be significant for purposes of Executive Order
12866 and has been reviewed by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB). The
Executive Order defines a "significant regulatory action" as one that is likely
to result in a rule that may: (1) Have an annual effect on the economy of $100
million or more or adversely affect, in a material way, the economy, a sector of
the economy, productivity, competition, jobs, the environment, public health or
safety, or State, local, or Tribal Governments or communities; (2) Create a
serious inconsistency or otherwise interfere with an action taken or planned by
another agency; (3) Materially alter the budgetary impact of entitlements,
grants, user fees, or loan programs or the rights and obligations of recipients
thereof; or (4) Raise novel legal or policy issues arising out of legal
mandates, the President's priorities, or the principles set forth in this
Executive Order.

The Agency conducted a benefit-cost analysis to fulfill the requirements of EO
12866. This rule will not impose any new costs for the public (customers,
applicants, borrowers, grantees, recipients and/or beneficiaries) of Rural
Development's loan programs. This direct final rule permits the debt settlement
policy to be uniform and consistent for all programs and will allow the Rural
Development to process eligible debt settlement cases in a prompt and efficient
manner.
Programs Affected

The Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Program number assigned to the IRP is
10.767.
Environmental Impact Statement

This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR, part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." Rural Development has determined that this action does
not constitute a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the
human environment and, in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act
(NEPA) of 1969, 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact Statement is not
required.
Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Consultation

The program is subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372, which
requires intergovernmental consultation with State and local officials.
Consultation will be completed at the time of the action performed.
Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform.
The Agency has determined that this rule meets the applicable standards provided
in § 3 of the Executive Order. Additionally, (1) all State and local laws and
regulations that are in conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2) no
retroactive effect will be given to the rule; and (3) administrative appeal
procedures, if any, must be exhausted before litigation against the Department
or its agencies may be initiated, in accordance with the regulations of the
National Appeals Division of USDA at 7 CFR part 11.
Executive Order 13132, Federalism

The policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial direct effect on
States, on the relationship between the National Government and the States, or
on the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on
State and local governments. Therefore, consultation with States is not
required.
Regulatory Flexibility Act Certification

Under section 605(b) of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C. 605(b), the
Agency certifies that this rule will not have a significant economic impact on a
substantial number of small entities. The Agency made this determination based
on the fact that this regulation only impacts those who choose to participate in
the program. Small entity applicants will not be impacted to a greater extent
than large entity applicants.
Unfunded Mandate Reform Act

This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory provisions of Title
II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995) for State, local, and Tribal
Governments or the private sector. Thus, this rule is not subject to the
requirements of § s 202 and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995.
Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments

This executive order imposes requirements on Rural Development (RD) in the
development of regulatory policies that have tribal implications or preempt
tribal laws. RD has determined that this rule does not have a substantial direct
effect on one or more Indian tribe(s) or on either the relationship or the
distribution of powers and responsibilities between the Federal Government and
Indian tribes. Thus, this rule is not subject to the requirements of Executive
Order 13175. If a tribe determines that this rule has implications of which RD
is not aware and would like to engage with RD on this rule, please contact RD's
Native American Coordinator at (720) 544-2911 or AIAN@wdc.usda.gov
Paperwork Reduction Act

This rule contains no new reporting or recordkeeping requirements that would
require approval under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. Chapter
35).
E-Government Act Compliance

Rural Development is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to
promote the use of the Internet and other information technologies, to provide
increased opportunities for citizens to access Government information and
services electronically.
I. Background

The process of debt settlement is a time consuming process. Before a borrower in
default can settle their indebtedness to the Agency, current regulations require
four levels of review: The local/area office, the State Office, the National
Office, and finally a United States Department of Justice (DOJ) review. This
review process results in loans that are eligible for debt settlement, to
continue to sit on the books much longer than necessary, incurring interest, and
decreasing the likelihood that a borrower will exist to collect recoveries once
the loan is finally sent to the Department of the Treasury.

The Agency has shown, through its use of the settlement authority in 7 U.S.C.
1981(b)(4) in its other loan programs, that it can judiciously and reasonably
administer that authority on its own without the need for additional levels of
review.

By revising its regulations governing the review process for debt settlement,
the Agency will be able to process debt settlement claims in a more uniform,
prompt, and efficient manner.
II. Discussion of Changes

The Agency is proposing to modify several paragraphs in 7 CFR part 1951, subpart
R and in 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C in order to allow the aforementioned loans
to be settled under Agency policies and procedures for debt settlement as found
in 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C, and to remove the requirement to send settlements
to DOJ, allowing us to use the Federal Claims Collection Standards (31 CFR parts
900-904). This will permit the Agency to quickly and efficiently dispose of debt
settlements. The specific changes are summarized below:

1. The Agency is proposing to modify § 1951.851(a) by adding a sentence to
indicate that all debt settlement cases submitted under 7 CFR part 1951, subpart
R, will be handled in accordance with 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C. The Agency is
adding reference to the RMAP in the first sentence to indicate its inclusion.

2. The Agency is proposing to revise § 1951.894 to state that the debt
settlement of all claims, which would now include RMAP, would be handled in
accordance with 7 CFR 1956, subpart C. Specifically, the Agency is replacing the
reference to Federal Claims Collection Standards, 4 CFR parts 101-105, with
reference to "Subpart C of Part 1956 of this Chapter."

3. The Agency is proposing to revise §§ 1956.101 so that debt settlement of RDLF
loans, IRP loans and RMAP loans, will be under 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C (and
will be handled by the Agency's Administrator) rather than under the Federal
Claims Collection Standards as currently provided in the regulation.

4. The Agency is proposing to revise the introductory text to § 1956.147 to
remove reference to RDLF loans and IRP loans. This is a conforming change that
removes these loans from complying with the debt settlement provisions under the
Federal Claims Collection Act.
List of Subjects

Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community development.

Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community development.

For the reasons set forth in the preamble, chapter XVIII, title 7, of the Code
of Federal Regulations is amended as follows:
Regulatory Text
CHAPTER XVIII--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE, RURAL
UTILITIES SERVICE, AND FARM SERVICE AGENCY, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
Part 1951 Servicing and Collections

1. The authority citation for part 1951 is revised to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart R--Rural Development Loan Servicing

2. Paragraph (a) of § 1951.851 is revised to read as follows:
§ 1951.851 Introduction.

(a) This subpart contains regulations for servicing or liquidating loans or
other assistance made by the Rural Business-Cooperative Service or its successor
agency under the IRP and the RMAP. All debt settlement cases under this subpart
will be settled in accordance with the debt settlement provisions set forth in 7
CFR part 1956, subpart C. The provisions of this subpart supersede conflicting
provisions of any other subpart.

* * * * *

3. Section 1951.894 is revised to read as follows:
§ 1951.894 Debt settlement.

Debt settlement of all claims will be handled in accordance with subpart C of
part 1956 of this chapter.
Part 1956 Debt Settlement

4. The authority citation for part 1956 is revised to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart C--Debt Settlement--Community and Business Programs

5. Section 1956.101 is revised to read as follows:
§ 1956.101 Purpose.

This subpart delegates authority and prescribes policies and procedures for debt
settlement of Community Facility loans; Association Recreation loans; Rural
Renewal loans; direct Business and Industry loans; Rural Development Loan Fund
loans; Intermediary Relending Program loans; and the Rural Microentrepreneur
Assistance Program (RMAP) loans and repayable portions of RMAP grants; and
Shift-in-land-use loans. Settlement of Economic Opportunity Cooperative loans,
Claims Against Third Party Converters, Non-program loans, Rural Business
Enterprise/Television Demonstration Grants, Nonprofit National Corporations
Loans and Grants, and 601 Energy Impact Assistance Grants, is not authorized
under independent statutory authority, and settlement under these programs is
handled pursuant to the Federal Claims Collection Joint Standards, 31 CFR parts
900 through 904, inclusive. In addition, this subpart does not apply to Water
and Waste Programs of the Rural Utilities Service, Watershed loans, and Resource
Conservation and Development loans, which are serviced under part 1782 of this
title.

6. The section heading and introductory text to § 1956.147 are revised to read
as follows:
§ 1956.147 Debt settlement under the Federal Claims Collection Standard.

Unless otherwise provided in this title, loans and claims will be settled in
accordance with the Federal Claims Collection Standards at 31 CFR parts 900
through 904, inclusive.

* * * * *
Dated: February 27, 2015.
Lisa Mensah,
Under Secretary.
Dated: February 26, 2015.
Michael Scuse,
Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.
[FR Doc. 2015-05435 Filed 3-12-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Rural Development Loan Servicing

LENGTH: 2452  words


Washington, D.C.: This Rule document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)

Action

Direct final rule.
Summary

The Rural Business-Cooperative Service is amending its regulations for Debt
Settlement. This amendment would allow the Rural Business Service's (referred to
as Agency throughout the remainder of the text) Administrator to use the
statutory authority that has been delegated to him/her in accordance with title
331(b)(4) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT), but is
currently not being used for all of RBS's revolving loan programs, which
include: The Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) loans, Rural Development Loan
Fund (RDLF) loans, and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program
(RMAP)loans. This regulation will allow the RBS to be consistent across all of
its loan programs; all of RBS's other loan programs have regulations in place to
settle debt.

This Direct Final Rule is intended to authorize the Agency to use its
independent debt settlement authority under CONACT. Nothing in this Direct Final
Rule is intended to affect the requirements of the Agency to follow other
applicable Federal debt collection law such as the Debt Collection Improvement
Act of 1996, as amended. Further nothing in this Direct Final Rule is intended
to alter any requirements the Agency must follow when making collection
referrals to the Department of Justice or the Treasury Department.
Dates

This rule is effective May 18, 2015. Comments on this direct final rule must be
received on or before April 13, 2015 to be assured of consideration.

If RBS receives adverse comment(s) on all or a distinct portion of this rule, we
will publish a timely withdrawal in theFederal Registerinforming the public that
some of this rule or the entire direct final rule will not take effect. The rule
provisions that are not withdrawn will become effective on the date set out
above, notwithstanding adverse comments on any other provision, unless we
determine that it would not be appropriate to promulgate those provisions.
Addresses

You may submit comments to this direct final rule by any of the following
methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the instructions
for submitting comments.
    Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service to the Branch
Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, STOP 0742, 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Washington, DC 20024.
    Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal Express Mail, or
other courier service requiring a street address, to the Branch Chief,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture. All
written comments will be available for public inspection during regular work
hours at the 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor address listed above.

For Further Information Contact

Melvin Padgett, Rural Development, Business Programs, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop 3226, Washington, DC 20250-3225;
email: melvin.padgett@wdc.usda.gov; telephone: (202) 720-1495.
Supplementary Information
Executive Order 12866, Classification

This rule has been determined to be significant for purposes of Executive Order
12866 and has been reviewed by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB). The
Executive Order defines a "significant regulatory action" as one that is likely
to result in a rule that may: (1) Have an annual effect on the economy of $100
million or more or adversely affect, in a material way, the economy, a sector of
the economy, productivity, competition, jobs, the environment, public health or
safety, or State, local, or Tribal Governments or communities; (2) Create a
serious inconsistency or otherwise interfere with an action taken or planned by
another agency; (3) Materially alter the budgetary impact of entitlements,
grants, user fees, or loan programs or the rights and obligations of recipients
thereof; or (4) Raise novel legal or policy issues arising out of legal
mandates, the President's priorities, or the principles set forth in this
Executive Order.

The Agency conducted a benefit-cost analysis to fulfill the requirements of EO
12866. This rule will not impose any new costs for the public (customers,
applicants, borrowers, grantees, recipients and/or beneficiaries) of Rural
Development's loan programs. This direct final rule permits the debt settlement
policy to be uniform and consistent for all programs and will allow the Rural
Development to process eligible debt settlement cases in a prompt and efficient
manner.
Programs Affected

The Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Program number assigned to the IRP is
10.767.
Environmental Impact Statement

This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR, part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." Rural Development has determined that this action does
not constitute a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the
human environment and, in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act
(NEPA) of 1969, 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact Statement is not
required.
Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Consultation

The program is subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372, which
requires intergovernmental consultation with State and local officials.
Consultation will be completed at the time of the action performed.
Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform.
The Agency has determined that this rule meets the applicable standards provided
in § 3 of the Executive Order. Additionally, (1) all State and local laws and
regulations that are in conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2) no
retroactive effect will be given to the rule; and (3) administrative appeal
procedures, if any, must be exhausted before litigation against the Department
or its agencies may be initiated, in accordance with the regulations of the
National Appeals Division of USDA at 7 CFR part 11.
Executive Order 13132, Federalism

The policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial direct effect on
States, on the relationship between the National Government and the States, or
on the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on
State and local governments. Therefore, consultation with States is not
required.
Regulatory Flexibility Act Certification

Under section 605(b) of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C. 605(b), the
Agency certifies that this rule will not have a significant economic impact on a
substantial number of small entities. The Agency made this determination based
on the fact that this regulation only impacts those who choose to participate in
the program. Small entity applicants will not be impacted to a greater extent
than large entity applicants.
Unfunded Mandate Reform Act

This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory provisions of Title
II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995) for State, local, and Tribal
Governments or the private sector. Thus, this rule is not subject to the
requirements of § s 202 and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995.
Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments

This executive order imposes requirements on Rural Development (RD) in the
development of regulatory policies that have tribal implications or preempt
tribal laws. RD has determined that this rule does not have a substantial direct
effect on one or more Indian tribe(s) or on either the relationship or the
distribution of powers and responsibilities between the Federal Government and
Indian tribes. Thus, this rule is not subject to the requirements of Executive
Order 13175. If a tribe determines that this rule has implications of which RD
is not aware and would like to engage with RD on this rule, please contact RD's
Native American Coordinator at (720) 544-2911 or AIAN@wdc.usda.gov
Paperwork Reduction Act

This rule contains no new reporting or recordkeeping requirements that would
require approval under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. Chapter
35).
E-Government Act Compliance

Rural Development is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to
promote the use of the Internet and other information technologies, to provide
increased opportunities for citizens to access Government information and
services electronically.
I. Background

The process of debt settlement is a time consuming process. Before a borrower in
default can settle their indebtedness to the Agency, current regulations require
four levels of review: The local/area office, the State Office, the National
Office, and finally a United States Department of Justice (DOJ) review. This
review process results in loans that are eligible for debt settlement, to
continue to sit on the books much longer than necessary, incurring interest, and
decreasing the likelihood that a borrower will exist to collect recoveries once
the loan is finally sent to the Department of the Treasury.

The Agency has shown, through its use of the settlement authority in 7 U.S.C.
1981(b)(4) in its other loan programs, that it can judiciously and reasonably
administer that authority on its own without the need for additional levels of
review.

By revising its regulations governing the review process for debt settlement,
the Agency will be able to process debt settlement claims in a more uniform,
prompt, and efficient manner.
II. Discussion of Changes

The Agency is proposing to modify several paragraphs in 7 CFR part 1951, subpart
R and in 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C in order to allow the aforementioned loans
to be settled under Agency policies and procedures for debt settlement as found
in 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C, and to remove the requirement to send settlements
to DOJ, allowing us to use the Federal Claims Collection Standards (31 CFR parts
900-904). This will permit the Agency to quickly and efficiently dispose of debt
settlements. The specific changes are summarized below:

1. The Agency is proposing to modify § 1951.851(a) by adding a sentence to
indicate that all debt settlement cases submitted under 7 CFR part 1951, subpart
R, will be handled in accordance with 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C. The Agency is
adding reference to the RMAP in the first sentence to indicate its inclusion.

2. The Agency is proposing to revise § 1951.894 to state that the debt
settlement of all claims, which would now include RMAP, would be handled in
accordance with 7 CFR 1956, subpart C. Specifically, the Agency is replacing the
reference to Federal Claims Collection Standards, 4 CFR parts 101-105, with
reference to "Subpart C of Part 1956 of this Chapter."

3. The Agency is proposing to revise §§ 1956.101 so that debt settlement of RDLF
loans, IRP loans and RMAP loans, will be under 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C (and
will be handled by the Agency's Administrator) rather than under the Federal
Claims Collection Standards as currently provided in the regulation.

4. The Agency is proposing to revise the introductory text to § 1956.147 to
remove reference to RDLF loans and IRP loans. This is a conforming change that
removes these loans from complying with the debt settlement provisions under the
Federal Claims Collection Act.
List of Subjects

Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community development.

Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community development.

For the reasons set forth in the preamble, chapter XVIII, title 7, of the Code
of Federal Regulations is amended as follows:
Regulatory Text
CHAPTER XVIII--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE, RURAL
UTILITIES SERVICE, AND FARM SERVICE AGENCY, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
Part 1951 Servicing and Collections

1. The authority citation for part 1951 is revised to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart R--Rural Development Loan Servicing

2. Paragraph (a) of § 1951.851 is revised to read as follows:
§ 1951.851 Introduction.

(a) This subpart contains regulations for servicing or liquidating loans or
other assistance made by the Rural Business-Cooperative Service or its successor
agency under the IRP and the RMAP. All debt settlement cases under this subpart
will be settled in accordance with the debt settlement provisions set forth in 7
CFR part 1956, subpart C. The provisions of this subpart supersede conflicting
provisions of any other subpart.

* * * * *

3. Section 1951.894 is revised to read as follows:
§ 1951.894 Debt settlement.

Debt settlement of all claims will be handled in accordance with subpart C of
part 1956 of this chapter.
Part 1956 Debt Settlement

4. The authority citation for part 1956 is revised to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart C--Debt Settlement--Community and Business Programs

5. Section 1956.101 is revised to read as follows:
§ 1956.101 Purpose.

This subpart delegates authority and prescribes policies and procedures for debt
settlement of Community Facility loans; Association Recreation loans; Rural
Renewal loans; direct Business and Industry loans; Rural Development Loan Fund
loans; Intermediary Relending Program loans; and the Rural Microentrepreneur
Assistance Program (RMAP) loans and repayable portions of RMAP grants; and
Shift-in-land-use loans. Settlement of Economic Opportunity Cooperative loans,
Claims Against Third Party Converters, Non-program loans, Rural Business
Enterprise/Television Demonstration Grants, Nonprofit National Corporations
Loans and Grants, and 601 Energy Impact Assistance Grants, is not authorized
under independent statutory authority, and settlement under these programs is
handled pursuant to the Federal Claims Collection Joint Standards, 31 CFR parts
900 through 904, inclusive. In addition, this subpart does not apply to Water
and Waste Programs of the Rural Utilities Service, Watershed loans, and Resource
Conservation and Development loans, which are serviced under part 1782 of this
title.

6. The section heading and introductory text to § 1956.147 are revised to read
as follows:
§ 1956.147 Debt settlement under the Federal Claims Collection Standard.

Unless otherwise provided in this title, loans and claims will be settled in
accordance with the Federal Claims Collection Standards at 31 CFR parts 900
through 904, inclusive.

* * * * *
Dated: February 27, 2015.
Lisa Mensah,
Under Secretary.
Dated: February 26, 2015.
Michael Scuse,
Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.
[FR Doc. 2015-05435 Filed 3-12-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 13, 2015 Friday

Washington: Rural Development Loan Servicing

LENGTH: 2696  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Register has published the following document:

[Federal Register Volume 80, Number 49 (Friday, March 13, 2015)]
[Rules and Regulations]
[Pages 13199-13201]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2015-05435]

========================================================================
Rules and Regulations
 Federal Register
________________________________________________________________________

This section of the FEDERAL REGISTER contains regulatory documents
having general applicability and legal effect, most of which are keyed
to and codified in the Code of Federal Regulations, which is published
under 50 titles pursuant to 44 U.S.C. 1510.

The Code of Federal Regulations is sold by the Superintendent of Documents.
Prices of new books are listed in the first FEDERAL REGISTER issue of each
week.

========================================================================


Federal Register / Vol. 80, No. 49 / Friday, March 13, 2015 / Rules
and Regulations

[[Page 13199]]

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Rural Housing Service

Rural Business-Cooperative Service

Rural Utilities Service

Farm Service Agency

7 CFR Parts 1951 and 1956

RIN 0570-AA88


Rural Development Loan Servicing

AGENCY: Rural Housing Service, Rural Business-Cooperative Service,
Rural Utilities Service, and Farm Service Agency, USDA.

ACTION: Direct final rule.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: The Rural Business-Cooperative Service is amending its
regulations for Debt Settlement. This amendment would allow the Rural
Business Service's (referred to as Agency throughout the remainder of
the text) Administrator to use the statutory authority that has been
delegated to him/her in accordance with title 331(b)(4) of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT), but is currently
not being used for all of RBS's revolving loan programs, which include:
The Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) loans, Rural Development Loan
Fund (RDLF) loans, and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program
(RMAP)loans. This regulation will allow the RBS to be consistent across
all of its loan programs; all of RBS's other loan programs have
regulations in place to settle debt.
 This Direct Final Rule is intended to authorize the Agency to use
its independent debt settlement authority under CONACT. Nothing in this
Direct Final Rule is intended to affect the requirements of the Agency
to follow other applicable Federal debt collection law such as the Debt
Collection Improvement Act of 1996, as amended. Further nothing in this
Direct Final Rule is intended to alter any requirements the Agency must
follow when making collection referrals to the Department of Justice or
the Treasury Department.

DATES: This rule is effective May 18, 2015. Comments on this direct
final rule must be received on or before April 13, 2015 to be assured
of consideration.
 If RBS receives adverse comment(s) on all or a distinct portion of
this rule, we will publish a timely withdrawal in the Federal Register
informing the public that some of this rule or the entire direct final
rule will not take effect. The rule provisions that are not withdrawn
will become effective on the date set out above, notwithstanding
adverse comments on any other provision, unless we determine that it
would not be appropriate to promulgate those provisions.

ADDRESSES: You may submit comments to this direct final rule by any of
the following methods:
 Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov.
Follow the instructions for submitting comments.
 Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service
to the Branch Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, STOP 0742, 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor,
Washington, DC 20024.
 Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal
Express Mail, or other courier service requiring a street address, to
the Branch Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S.
Department of Agriculture. All written comments will be available for
public inspection during regular work hours at the 300 7th Street SW.,
7th Floor address listed above.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Melvin Padgett, Rural Development,
Business Programs, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Stop 3226, Washington, DC 20250-3225; email:
melvin.padgett@wdc.usda.gov; telephone: (202) 720-1495.

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

Executive Order 12866, Classification

This rule has been determined to be significant for purposes of
Executive Order 12866 and has been reviewed by the Office of Management
and Budget (OMB). The Executive Order defines a ``significant
regulatory action'' as one that is likely to result in a rule that may:
(1) Have an annual effect on the economy of $100 million or more or
adversely affect, in a material way, the economy, a sector of the
economy, productivity, competition, jobs, the environment, public
health or safety, or State, local, or Tribal Governments or
communities; (2) Create a serious inconsistency or otherwise interfere
with an action taken or planned by another agency; (3) Materially alter
the budgetary impact of entitlements, grants, user fees, or loan
programs or the rights and obligations of recipients thereof; or (4)
Raise novel legal or policy issues arising out of legal mandates, the
President's priorities, or the principles set forth in this Executive
Order.
 The Agency conducted a benefit-cost analysis to fulfill the
requirements of EO 12866. This rule will not impose any new costs for
the public (customers, applicants, borrowers, grantees, recipients and/
or beneficiaries) of Rural Development's loan programs. This direct
final rule permits the debt settlement policy to be uniform and
consistent for all programs and will allow the Rural Development to
process eligible debt settlement cases in a prompt and efficient
manner.

Programs Affected

The Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Program number assigned
to the IRP is 10.767.

Environmental Impact Statement

This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR, part
1940, subpart G, ``Environmental Program.'' Rural Development has
determined that this action does not constitute a major Federal action
significantly affecting the quality of the human environment and, in
accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) of 1969,
42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact Statement is not
required.

Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Consultation

The program is subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372,
which requires intergovernmental consultation with State and local
officials. Consultation will be completed at the time of the action
performed.

[[Page 13200]]

Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil
Justice Reform. The Agency has determined that this rule meets the
applicable standards provided in Sec. 3 of the Executive Order.
Additionally, (1) all State and local laws and regulations that are in
conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2) no retroactive effect
will be given to the rule; and (3) administrative appeal procedures, if
any, must be exhausted before litigation against the Department or its
agencies may be initiated, in accordance with the regulations of the
National Appeals Division of USDA at 7 CFR part 11.

Executive Order 13132, Federalism

The policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial
direct effect on States, on the relationship between the National
Government and the States, or on the distribution of power and
responsibilities among the various levels of government. Nor does this
rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on State and local
governments. Therefore, consultation with States is not required.

Regulatory Flexibility Act Certification

Under section 605(b) of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C.
605(b), the Agency certifies that this rule will not have a significant
economic impact on a substantial number of small entities. The Agency
made this determination based on the fact that this regulation only
impacts those who choose to participate in the program. Small entity
applicants will not be impacted to a greater extent than large entity
applicants.

Unfunded Mandate Reform Act

This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory
provisions of Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995) for
State, local, and Tribal Governments or the private sector. Thus, this
rule is not subject to the requirements of Sec. s 202 and 205 of the
Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995.

Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments

This executive order imposes requirements on Rural Development (RD)
in the development of regulatory policies that have tribal implications
or preempt tribal laws. RD has determined that this rule does not have
a substantial direct effect on one or more Indian tribe(s) or on either
the relationship or the distribution of powers and responsibilities
between the Federal Government and Indian tribes. Thus, this rule is
not subject to the requirements of Executive Order 13175. If a tribe
determines that this rule has implications of which RD is not aware and
would like to engage with RD on this rule, please contact RD's Native
American Coordinator at (720) 544-2911 or AIAN@wdc.usda.gov

Paperwork Reduction Act

This rule contains no new reporting or recordkeeping requirements
that would require approval under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995
(44 U.S.C. Chapter 35).

E-Government Act Compliance

Rural Development is committed to complying with the E-Government
Act, to promote the use of the Internet and other information
technologies, to provide increased opportunities for citizens to access
Government information and services electronically.

I. Background

The process of debt settlement is a time consuming process. Before
a borrower in default can settle their indebtedness to the Agency,
current regulations require four levels of review: The local/area
office, the State Office, the National Office, and finally a United
States Department of Justice (DOJ) review. This review process results
in loans that are eligible for debt settlement, to continue to sit on
the books much longer than necessary, incurring interest, and
decreasing the likelihood that a borrower will exist to collect
recoveries once the loan is finally sent to the Department of the
Treasury.
 The Agency has shown, through its use of the settlement authority
in 7 U.S.C. 1981(b)(4) in its other loan programs, that it can
judiciously and reasonably administer that authority on its own without
the need for additional levels of review.
 By revising its regulations governing the review process for debt
settlement, the Agency will be able to process debt settlement claims
in a more uniform, prompt, and efficient manner.

II. Discussion of Changes

The Agency is proposing to modify several paragraphs in 7 CFR part
1951, subpart R and in 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C in order to allow the
aforementioned loans to be settled under Agency policies and procedures
for debt settlement as found in 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C, and to
remove the requirement to send settlements to DOJ, allowing us to use
the Federal Claims Collection Standards (31 CFR parts 900-904). This
will permit the Agency to quickly and efficiently dispose of debt
settlements. The specific changes are summarized below:
 1. The Agency is proposing to modify Sec. 1951.851(a) by adding a
sentence to indicate that all debt settlement cases submitted under 7
CFR part 1951, subpart R, will be handled in accordance with 7 CFR part
1956, subpart C. The Agency is adding reference to the RMAP in the
first sentence to indicate its inclusion.
 2. The Agency is proposing to revise Sec. 1951.894 to state that
the debt settlement of all claims, which would now include RMAP, would
be handled in accordance with 7 CFR 1956, subpart C. Specifically, the
Agency is replacing the reference to Federal Claims Collection
Standards, 4 CFR parts 101-105, with reference to ``Subpart C of Part
1956 of this Chapter.''
 3. The Agency is proposing to revise Sec. Sec. 1956.101 so that
debt settlement of RDLF loans, IRP loans and RMAP loans, will be under
7 CFR part 1956, subpart C (and will be handled by the Agency's
Administrator) rather than under the Federal Claims Collection
Standards as currently provided in the regulation.
 4. The Agency is proposing to revise the introductory text to Sec.
1956.147 to remove reference to RDLF loans and IRP loans. This is a
conforming change that removes these loans from complying with the debt
settlement provisions under the Federal Claims Collection Act.

List of Subjects

7 CFR Part 1951

Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community
development.

7 CFR Part 1956

Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community
development.

For the reasons set forth in the preamble, chapter XVIII, title 7,
of the Code of Federal Regulations is amended as follows:

CHAPTER XVIII--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE
SERVICE, RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE, AND FARM SERVICE AGENCY, DEPARTMENT
OF AGRICULTURE

PART 1951--SERVICING AND COLLECTIONS

0
1. The authority citation for part 1951 is revised to read as follows:

Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301; and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

[[Page 13201]]

Subpart R--Rural Development Loan Servicing

0
2. Paragraph (a) of Sec. 1951.851 is revised to read as follows:


Sec. 1951.851 Introduction.

(a) This subpart contains regulations for servicing or liquidating
loans or other assistance made by the Rural Business-Cooperative
Service or its successor agency under the IRP and the RMAP. All debt
settlement cases under this subpart will be settled in accordance with
the debt settlement provisions set forth in 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C.
The provisions of this subpart supersede conflicting provisions of any
other subpart.
* * * * *

0
3. Section 1951.894 is revised to read as follows:


Sec. 1951.894 Debt settlement.

Debt settlement of all claims will be handled in accordance with
subpart C of part 1956 of this chapter.

PART 1956--DEBT SETTLEMENT

0
4. The authority citation for part 1956 is revised to read as follows:

Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301; and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart C--Debt Settlement--Community and Business Programs

0
5. Section 1956.101 is revised to read as follows:


Sec. 1956.101 Purpose.

This subpart delegates authority and prescribes policies and
procedures for debt settlement of Community Facility loans; Association
Recreation loans; Rural Renewal loans; direct Business and Industry
loans; Rural Development Loan Fund loans; Intermediary Relending
Program loans; and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program
(RMAP) loans and repayable portions of RMAP grants; and Shift-in-land-
use loans. Settlement of Economic Opportunity Cooperative loans, Claims
Against Third Party Converters, Non-program loans, Rural Business
Enterprise/Television Demonstration Grants, Nonprofit National
Corporations Loans and Grants, and 601 Energy Impact Assistance Grants,
is not authorized under independent statutory authority, and settlement
under these programs is handled pursuant to the Federal Claims
Collection Joint Standards, 31 CFR parts 900 through 904, inclusive. In
addition, this subpart does not apply to Water and Waste Programs of
the Rural Utilities Service, Watershed loans, and Resource Conservation
and Development loans, which are serviced under part 1782 of this
title.

0
6. The section heading and introductory text to Sec. 1956.147 are
revised to read as follows:


Sec. 1956.147 Debt settlement under the Federal Claims Collection
Standard.

Unless otherwise provided in this title, loans and claims will be
settled in accordance with the Federal Claims Collection Standards at
31 CFR parts 900 through 904, inclusive.
* * * * *

Dated: February 27, 2015.
Lisa Mensah,
Under Secretary.
 Dated: February 26, 2015.
Michael Scuse,
Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.
[FR Doc. 2015-05435 Filed 3-12-15; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 13, 2015 Friday

Washington: Rural Development Loan Servicing

LENGTH: 2696  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Register has published the following document:

[Federal Register Volume 80, Number 49 (Friday, March 13, 2015)]
[Rules and Regulations]
[Pages 13199-13201]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2015-05435]

========================================================================
Rules and Regulations
 Federal Register
________________________________________________________________________

This section of the FEDERAL REGISTER contains regulatory documents
having general applicability and legal effect, most of which are keyed
to and codified in the Code of Federal Regulations, which is published
under 50 titles pursuant to 44 U.S.C. 1510.

The Code of Federal Regulations is sold by the Superintendent of Documents.
Prices of new books are listed in the first FEDERAL REGISTER issue of each
week.

========================================================================


Federal Register / Vol. 80, No. 49 / Friday, March 13, 2015 / Rules
and Regulations

[[Page 13199]]

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Rural Housing Service

Rural Business-Cooperative Service

Rural Utilities Service

Farm Service Agency

7 CFR Parts 1951 and 1956

RIN 0570-AA88


Rural Development Loan Servicing

AGENCY: Rural Housing Service, Rural Business-Cooperative Service,
Rural Utilities Service, and Farm Service Agency, USDA.

ACTION: Direct final rule.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: The Rural Business-Cooperative Service is amending its
regulations for Debt Settlement. This amendment would allow the Rural
Business Service's (referred to as Agency throughout the remainder of
the text) Administrator to use the statutory authority that has been
delegated to him/her in accordance with title 331(b)(4) of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT), but is currently
not being used for all of RBS's revolving loan programs, which include:
The Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) loans, Rural Development Loan
Fund (RDLF) loans, and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program
(RMAP)loans. This regulation will allow the RBS to be consistent across
all of its loan programs; all of RBS's other loan programs have
regulations in place to settle debt.
 This Direct Final Rule is intended to authorize the Agency to use
its independent debt settlement authority under CONACT. Nothing in this
Direct Final Rule is intended to affect the requirements of the Agency
to follow other applicable Federal debt collection law such as the Debt
Collection Improvement Act of 1996, as amended. Further nothing in this
Direct Final Rule is intended to alter any requirements the Agency must
follow when making collection referrals to the Department of Justice or
the Treasury Department.

DATES: This rule is effective May 18, 2015. Comments on this direct
final rule must be received on or before April 13, 2015 to be assured
of consideration.
 If RBS receives adverse comment(s) on all or a distinct portion of
this rule, we will publish a timely withdrawal in the Federal Register
informing the public that some of this rule or the entire direct final
rule will not take effect. The rule provisions that are not withdrawn
will become effective on the date set out above, notwithstanding
adverse comments on any other provision, unless we determine that it
would not be appropriate to promulgate those provisions.

ADDRESSES: You may submit comments to this direct final rule by any of
the following methods:
 Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov.
Follow the instructions for submitting comments.
 Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service
to the Branch Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, STOP 0742, 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor,
Washington, DC 20024.
 Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal
Express Mail, or other courier service requiring a street address, to
the Branch Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S.
Department of Agriculture. All written comments will be available for
public inspection during regular work hours at the 300 7th Street SW.,
7th Floor address listed above.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Melvin Padgett, Rural Development,
Business Programs, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Stop 3226, Washington, DC 20250-3225; email:
melvin.padgett@wdc.usda.gov; telephone: (202) 720-1495.

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

Executive Order 12866, Classification

This rule has been determined to be significant for purposes of
Executive Order 12866 and has been reviewed by the Office of Management
and Budget (OMB). The Executive Order defines a ``significant
regulatory action'' as one that is likely to result in a rule that may:
(1) Have an annual effect on the economy of $100 million or more or
adversely affect, in a material way, the economy, a sector of the
economy, productivity, competition, jobs, the environment, public
health or safety, or State, local, or Tribal Governments or
communities; (2) Create a serious inconsistency or otherwise interfere
with an action taken or planned by another agency; (3) Materially alter
the budgetary impact of entitlements, grants, user fees, or loan
programs or the rights and obligations of recipients thereof; or (4)
Raise novel legal or policy issues arising out of legal mandates, the
President's priorities, or the principles set forth in this Executive
Order.
 The Agency conducted a benefit-cost analysis to fulfill the
requirements of EO 12866. This rule will not impose any new costs for
the public (customers, applicants, borrowers, grantees, recipients and/
or beneficiaries) of Rural Development's loan programs. This direct
final rule permits the debt settlement policy to be uniform and
consistent for all programs and will allow the Rural Development to
process eligible debt settlement cases in a prompt and efficient
manner.

Programs Affected

The Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Program number assigned
to the IRP is 10.767.

Environmental Impact Statement

This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR, part
1940, subpart G, ``Environmental Program.'' Rural Development has
determined that this action does not constitute a major Federal action
significantly affecting the quality of the human environment and, in
accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) of 1969,
42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact Statement is not
required.

Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Consultation

The program is subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372,
which requires intergovernmental consultation with State and local
officials. Consultation will be completed at the time of the action
performed.

[[Page 13200]]

Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil
Justice Reform. The Agency has determined that this rule meets the
applicable standards provided in Sec. 3 of the Executive Order.
Additionally, (1) all State and local laws and regulations that are in
conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2) no retroactive effect
will be given to the rule; and (3) administrative appeal procedures, if
any, must be exhausted before litigation against the Department or its
agencies may be initiated, in accordance with the regulations of the
National Appeals Division of USDA at 7 CFR part 11.

Executive Order 13132, Federalism

The policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial
direct effect on States, on the relationship between the National
Government and the States, or on the distribution of power and
responsibilities among the various levels of government. Nor does this
rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on State and local
governments. Therefore, consultation with States is not required.

Regulatory Flexibility Act Certification

Under section 605(b) of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C.
605(b), the Agency certifies that this rule will not have a significant
economic impact on a substantial number of small entities. The Agency
made this determination based on the fact that this regulation only
impacts those who choose to participate in the program. Small entity
applicants will not be impacted to a greater extent than large entity
applicants.

Unfunded Mandate Reform Act

This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory
provisions of Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995) for
State, local, and Tribal Governments or the private sector. Thus, this
rule is not subject to the requirements of Sec. s 202 and 205 of the
Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995.

Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments

This executive order imposes requirements on Rural Development (RD)
in the development of regulatory policies that have tribal implications
or preempt tribal laws. RD has determined that this rule does not have
a substantial direct effect on one or more Indian tribe(s) or on either
the relationship or the distribution of powers and responsibilities
between the Federal Government and Indian tribes. Thus, this rule is
not subject to the requirements of Executive Order 13175. If a tribe
determines that this rule has implications of which RD is not aware and
would like to engage with RD on this rule, please contact RD's Native
American Coordinator at (720) 544-2911 or AIAN@wdc.usda.gov

Paperwork Reduction Act

This rule contains no new reporting or recordkeeping requirements
that would require approval under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995
(44 U.S.C. Chapter 35).

E-Government Act Compliance

Rural Development is committed to complying with the E-Government
Act, to promote the use of the Internet and other information
technologies, to provide increased opportunities for citizens to access
Government information and services electronically.

I. Background

The process of debt settlement is a time consuming process. Before
a borrower in default can settle their indebtedness to the Agency,
current regulations require four levels of review: The local/area
office, the State Office, the National Office, and finally a United
States Department of Justice (DOJ) review. This review process results
in loans that are eligible for debt settlement, to continue to sit on
the books much longer than necessary, incurring interest, and
decreasing the likelihood that a borrower will exist to collect
recoveries once the loan is finally sent to the Department of the
Treasury.
 The Agency has shown, through its use of the settlement authority
in 7 U.S.C. 1981(b)(4) in its other loan programs, that it can
judiciously and reasonably administer that authority on its own without
the need for additional levels of review.
 By revising its regulations governing the review process for debt
settlement, the Agency will be able to process debt settlement claims
in a more uniform, prompt, and efficient manner.

II. Discussion of Changes

The Agency is proposing to modify several paragraphs in 7 CFR part
1951, subpart R and in 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C in order to allow the
aforementioned loans to be settled under Agency policies and procedures
for debt settlement as found in 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C, and to
remove the requirement to send settlements to DOJ, allowing us to use
the Federal Claims Collection Standards (31 CFR parts 900-904). This
will permit the Agency to quickly and efficiently dispose of debt
settlements. The specific changes are summarized below:
 1. The Agency is proposing to modify Sec. 1951.851(a) by adding a
sentence to indicate that all debt settlement cases submitted under 7
CFR part 1951, subpart R, will be handled in accordance with 7 CFR part
1956, subpart C. The Agency is adding reference to the RMAP in the
first sentence to indicate its inclusion.
 2. The Agency is proposing to revise Sec. 1951.894 to state that
the debt settlement of all claims, which would now include RMAP, would
be handled in accordance with 7 CFR 1956, subpart C. Specifically, the
Agency is replacing the reference to Federal Claims Collection
Standards, 4 CFR parts 101-105, with reference to ``Subpart C of Part
1956 of this Chapter.''
 3. The Agency is proposing to revise Sec. Sec. 1956.101 so that
debt settlement of RDLF loans, IRP loans and RMAP loans, will be under
7 CFR part 1956, subpart C (and will be handled by the Agency's
Administrator) rather than under the Federal Claims Collection
Standards as currently provided in the regulation.
 4. The Agency is proposing to revise the introductory text to Sec.
1956.147 to remove reference to RDLF loans and IRP loans. This is a
conforming change that removes these loans from complying with the debt
settlement provisions under the Federal Claims Collection Act.

List of Subjects

7 CFR Part 1951

Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community
development.

7 CFR Part 1956

Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community
development.

For the reasons set forth in the preamble, chapter XVIII, title 7,
of the Code of Federal Regulations is amended as follows:

CHAPTER XVIII--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE
SERVICE, RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE, AND FARM SERVICE AGENCY, DEPARTMENT
OF AGRICULTURE

PART 1951--SERVICING AND COLLECTIONS

0
1. The authority citation for part 1951 is revised to read as follows:

Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301; and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

[[Page 13201]]

Subpart R--Rural Development Loan Servicing

0
2. Paragraph (a) of Sec. 1951.851 is revised to read as follows:


Sec. 1951.851 Introduction.

(a) This subpart contains regulations for servicing or liquidating
loans or other assistance made by the Rural Business-Cooperative
Service or its successor agency under the IRP and the RMAP. All debt
settlement cases under this subpart will be settled in accordance with
the debt settlement provisions set forth in 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C.
The provisions of this subpart supersede conflicting provisions of any
other subpart.
* * * * *

0
3. Section 1951.894 is revised to read as follows:


Sec. 1951.894 Debt settlement.

Debt settlement of all claims will be handled in accordance with
subpart C of part 1956 of this chapter.

PART 1956--DEBT SETTLEMENT

0
4. The authority citation for part 1956 is revised to read as follows:

Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301; and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart C--Debt Settlement--Community and Business Programs

0
5. Section 1956.101 is revised to read as follows:


Sec. 1956.101 Purpose.

This subpart delegates authority and prescribes policies and
procedures for debt settlement of Community Facility loans; Association
Recreation loans; Rural Renewal loans; direct Business and Industry
loans; Rural Development Loan Fund loans; Intermediary Relending
Program loans; and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program
(RMAP) loans and repayable portions of RMAP grants; and Shift-in-land-
use loans. Settlement of Economic Opportunity Cooperative loans, Claims
Against Third Party Converters, Non-program loans, Rural Business
Enterprise/Television Demonstration Grants, Nonprofit National
Corporations Loans and Grants, and 601 Energy Impact Assistance Grants,
is not authorized under independent statutory authority, and settlement
under these programs is handled pursuant to the Federal Claims
Collection Joint Standards, 31 CFR parts 900 through 904, inclusive. In
addition, this subpart does not apply to Water and Waste Programs of
the Rural Utilities Service, Watershed loans, and Resource Conservation
and Development loans, which are serviced under part 1782 of this
title.

0
6. The section heading and introductory text to Sec. 1956.147 are
revised to read as follows:


Sec. 1956.147 Debt settlement under the Federal Claims Collection
Standard.

Unless otherwise provided in this title, loans and claims will be
settled in accordance with the Federal Claims Collection Standards at
31 CFR parts 900 through 904, inclusive.
* * * * *

Dated: February 27, 2015.
Lisa Mensah,
Under Secretary.
 Dated: February 26, 2015.
Michael Scuse,
Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.
[FR Doc. 2015-05435 Filed 3-12-15; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Washington: At White House Rural Forum, USDA Unveils New Funding to Support
Rural Broadband and Economic Development

LENGTH: 862  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 At the White House Rural Forum convened today at Pennsylvania State University,
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced $32 million in loans and grants that
will promote economic development and provide access to broadband in more than
80 rural American communities. Vilsack, who is chair of the first-ever White
House Rural Council, convened the forum with rural policy, business and
nonprofit leaders to discuss pertinent issues facing rural communities,
including opportunities for economic growth and strategies for improving health
care and housing.





 "This funding will provide much-needed capital and bring cutting-edge
technology to rural communities across the country," Vilsack said. "Investments
in our rural businesses and communities, coupled with extending high-speed
broadband, have led to a resurgence of economic development, created jobs and
improved the quality of life in rural America. While we have made great
progress, our work to extend capital and technology to rural America is not
done."



 Significant gains have been made across rural America: Rural household income
climbed 3.4 percent in 2015, overall poverty and food insecurity fell
dramatically, rural populations have begun to rebound, non-metro areas have
added more than 250,000 jobs since 2014, and the share of rural Americans
without health insurance is now at an all-time low.



 The White House Rural Council, established by President Obama in 2011,
coordinates the Administration's efforts in rural America by streamlining and
improving the effectiveness of federal programs, engaging stakeholders on
priority issues, and coordinating private-sector partnerships to create economic
opportunity and improve the quality of life.



 With today's funding, USDA is investing in 86 projects through the Rural
Economic Development Loan and Grant program, the Rural Microentrepreneur
Assistance Program, the Intermediary Relending Program, the Rural Business
Development Grant Program and the Community Connect program.



 Examples of funded projects include:



     Jackson Energy Cooperative Corporation in McKee, Ky., will receive a $1
million Rural Economic Development loan to help the Kentucky Highlands Real
Estate Corporation retrofit an industrial building. The newly updated building,
located in Rockcastle County, will be leased to a private contractor that
processes medical records for the Veterans Administration. This project is
expected to create 190 jobs.

     Pine Telephone Company in Broken Bow, Okla., will receive a $3 million
Community Connect grant to build a state-of-the-art fiber network serving the
Choctaw Nation Tribal Jurisdiction. The money will also support staff for a
community center where individuals without computers can access the internet.

     The city of Anamoose, N.D., will receive a $218,462 Rural Business
Development Grant to renovate a former bank building. The refurbished building
will be leased to a new restaurant that will feature an evening and weekend menu
using locally-grown produce and meats.



 USDA Rural Development's business and telecommunications programs have had a
significant impact on rural lives and economies. In 2014, USDA provided a
$250,000 Rural Economic Development grant to Douglas Electric Cooperative, Inc.
in Armour, S.D., that it used to help the Delmont Fire Protection District
rebuild its fire hall. The previous fire hall had been destroyed by a tornado.



 At the Rural Forum, Vilsack also announced that more than $3 billion has been
invested since 2014 into rural infrastructure projects through a public-private
partnership with Capitol Peak Asset Management and CoBank, a national
cooperative bank and member of the Farm Credit System. Since USDA initiated the
partnership, the private-sector funding has helped finance more than 400
projects in the power, water, communications and community facilities
industries.



 Finally, Vilsack announced the continuation of the Rural Integration Models for
Parents and Children to Thrive (Rural IMPACT) demonstration project that was
launched last year. Rural IMPACT helps communities adopt a two-generation
approach to addressing the needs of vulnerable children and their parents. Its
goal is to increase parents' employment and education and improve the health and
well-being of their children and families.



 Rural IMPACT is led by the Department of Health and Human Services in
collaboration with USDA, the Department of Labor, the Corporation for National
and Community Service, the Appalachian Regional Commission, the Delta Regional
Authority, the Annie E. Casey Foundation, the W.K. Kellogg Foundation and other
philanthropic partners. These partners have selected 10 local and tribal
communities to receive technical assistance and capacity-building resources to
reduce child poverty, and placed AmeriCorps VISTA members there. The partners
are pleased to announce these member will be placed in the 10 Rural IMPACT
communities for a second year.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Washington: At White House Rural Forum, USDA Unveils New Funding to Support
Rural Broadband and Economic Development

LENGTH: 862  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 At the White House Rural Forum convened today at Pennsylvania State University,
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced $32 million in loans and grants that
will promote economic development and provide access to broadband in more than
80 rural American communities. Vilsack, who is chair of the first-ever White
House Rural Council, convened the forum with rural policy, business and
nonprofit leaders to discuss pertinent issues facing rural communities,
including opportunities for economic growth and strategies for improving health
care and housing.





 "This funding will provide much-needed capital and bring cutting-edge
technology to rural communities across the country," Vilsack said. "Investments
in our rural businesses and communities, coupled with extending high-speed
broadband, have led to a resurgence of economic development, created jobs and
improved the quality of life in rural America. While we have made great
progress, our work to extend capital and technology to rural America is not
done."



 Significant gains have been made across rural America: Rural household income
climbed 3.4 percent in 2015, overall poverty and food insecurity fell
dramatically, rural populations have begun to rebound, non-metro areas have
added more than 250,000 jobs since 2014, and the share of rural Americans
without health insurance is now at an all-time low.



 The White House Rural Council, established by President Obama in 2011,
coordinates the Administration's efforts in rural America by streamlining and
improving the effectiveness of federal programs, engaging stakeholders on
priority issues, and coordinating private-sector partnerships to create economic
opportunity and improve the quality of life.



 With today's funding, USDA is investing in 86 projects through the Rural
Economic Development Loan and Grant program, the Rural Microentrepreneur
Assistance Program, the Intermediary Relending Program, the Rural Business
Development Grant Program and the Community Connect program.



 Examples of funded projects include:



     Jackson Energy Cooperative Corporation in McKee, Ky., will receive a $1
million Rural Economic Development loan to help the Kentucky Highlands Real
Estate Corporation retrofit an industrial building. The newly updated building,
located in Rockcastle County, will be leased to a private contractor that
processes medical records for the Veterans Administration. This project is
expected to create 190 jobs.

     Pine Telephone Company in Broken Bow, Okla., will receive a $3 million
Community Connect grant to build a state-of-the-art fiber network serving the
Choctaw Nation Tribal Jurisdiction. The money will also support staff for a
community center where individuals without computers can access the internet.

     The city of Anamoose, N.D., will receive a $218,462 Rural Business
Development Grant to renovate a former bank building. The refurbished building
will be leased to a new restaurant that will feature an evening and weekend menu
using locally-grown produce and meats.



 USDA Rural Development's business and telecommunications programs have had a
significant impact on rural lives and economies. In 2014, USDA provided a
$250,000 Rural Economic Development grant to Douglas Electric Cooperative, Inc.
in Armour, S.D., that it used to help the Delmont Fire Protection District
rebuild its fire hall. The previous fire hall had been destroyed by a tornado.



 At the Rural Forum, Vilsack also announced that more than $3 billion has been
invested since 2014 into rural infrastructure projects through a public-private
partnership with Capitol Peak Asset Management and CoBank, a national
cooperative bank and member of the Farm Credit System. Since USDA initiated the
partnership, the private-sector funding has helped finance more than 400
projects in the power, water, communications and community facilities
industries.



 Finally, Vilsack announced the continuation of the Rural Integration Models for
Parents and Children to Thrive (Rural IMPACT) demonstration project that was
launched last year. Rural IMPACT helps communities adopt a two-generation
approach to addressing the needs of vulnerable children and their parents. Its
goal is to increase parents' employment and education and improve the health and
well-being of their children and families.



 Rural IMPACT is led by the Department of Health and Human Services in
collaboration with USDA, the Department of Labor, the Corporation for National
and Community Service, the Appalachian Regional Commission, the Delta Regional
Authority, the Annie E. Casey Foundation, the W.K. Kellogg Foundation and other
philanthropic partners. These partners have selected 10 local and tribal
communities to receive technical assistance and capacity-building resources to
reduce child poverty, and placed AmeriCorps VISTA members there. The partners
are pleased to announce these member will be placed in the 10 Rural IMPACT
communities for a second year.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 13, 2015 Friday

Rural Development Loan Servicing

LENGTH: 2685  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register, Government of USA has issued the following news
release:


Action

Direct Final Rule.
Summary

The Rural Business-Cooperative Service is amending its regulations for Debt
Settlement. This amendment would allow the Rural Business Service's (referred to
as Agency throughout the remainder of the text) Administrator to use the
statutory authority that has been delegated to him/her in accordance with title
331(b)(4) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT), but is
currently not being used for all of RBS's revolving loan programs, which
include: The Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) loans, Rural Development Loan
Fund (RDLF) loans, and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program
(RMAP)loans. This regulation will allow the RBS to be consistent across all of
its loan programs; all of RBS's other loan programs have regulations in place to
settle debt.

This Direct Final Rule is intended to authorize the Agency to use its
independent debt settlement authority under CONACT. Nothing in this Direct Final
Rule is intended to affect the requirements of the Agency to follow other
applicable Federal debt collection law such as the Debt Collection Improvement
Act of 1996, as amended. Further nothing in this Direct Final Rule is intended
to alter any requirements the Agency must follow when making collection
referrals to the Department of Justice or the Treasury Department.
Unified Agenda
Debt Settlement--Community and Business Programs

2 actions from March 2015 to March 2015

March 2015
        NPRM
    March 2015
        Direct Final Rule


Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Executive Order 12866, Classification
    Programs Affected
    Environmental Impact Statement
    Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Consultation
    Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice
    Executive Order 13132, Federalism
    Regulatory Flexibility Act Certification
    Unfunded Mandate Reform Act
    Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments
    Paperwork Reduction Act
    E-Government Act Compliance
    I. Background
    II. Discussion of Changes
    List of Subjects
    CHAPTER XVIII--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE,
RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE, AND FARM SERVICE AGENCY, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
    PART 1951--SERVICING AND COLLECTIONS
    Subpart R--Rural Development Loan Servicing
    PART 1956--DEBT SETTLEMENT
    Subpart C--Debt Settlement--Community and Business Programs

DATES: Back to Top

This rule is effective May 18, 2015. Comments on this direct final rule must be
received on or before April 13, 2015 to be assured of consideration.

If RBS receives adverse comment(s) on all or a distinct portion of this rule, we
will publish a timely withdrawal in the Federal Register informing the public
that some of this rule or the entire direct final rule will not take effect. The
rule provisions that are not withdrawn will become effective on the date set out
above, notwithstanding adverse comments on any other provision, unless we
determine that it would not be appropriate to promulgate those provisions.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

You may submit comments to this direct final rule by any of the following
methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the instructions
for submitting comments.
    Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service to the Branch
Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, STOP 0742, 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Washington, DC 20024.
    Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal Express Mail, or
other courier service requiring a street address, to the Branch Chief,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture. All
written comments will be available for public inspection during regular work
hours at the 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor address listed above.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Melvin Padgett, Rural Development, Business Programs, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop 3226, Washington, DC 20250-3225;
email: melvin.padgett@wdc.usda.gov; telephone: (202) 720-1495.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top
Executive Order 12866, Classification Back to Top

This rule has been determined to be significant for purposes of Executive Order
12866 and has been reviewed by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB). The
Executive Order defines a "significant regulatory action" as one that is likely
to result in a rule that may: (1) Have an annual effect on the economy of $100
million or more or adversely affect, in a material way, the economy, a sector of
the economy, productivity, competition, jobs, the environment, public health or
safety, or State, local, or Tribal Governments or communities; (2) Create a
serious inconsistency or otherwise interfere with an action taken or planned by
another agency; (3) Materially alter the budgetary impact of entitlements,
grants, user fees, or loan programs or the rights and obligations of recipients
thereof; or (4) Raise novel legal or policy issues arising out of legal
mandates, the President's priorities, or the principles set forth in this
Executive Order.

The Agency conducted a benefit-cost analysis to fulfill the requirements of EO
12866. This rule will not impose any new costs for the public (customers,
applicants, borrowers, grantees, recipients and/or beneficiaries) of Rural
Development's loan programs. This direct final rule permits the debt settlement
policy to be uniform and consistent for all programs and will allow the Rural
Development to process eligible debt settlement cases in a prompt and efficient
manner.
Programs Affected Back to Top

The Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Program number assigned to the IRP is
10.767.
Environmental Impact Statement Back to Top

This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR, part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." Rural Development has determined that this action does
not constitute a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the
human environment and, in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act
(NEPA) of 1969, 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact Statement is not
required.
Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Consultation Back to Top

The program is subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372, which
requires intergovernmental consultation with State and local officials.
Consultation will be completed at the time of the action performed.
Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Back to Top

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform.
The Agency has determined that this rule meets the applicable standards provided
in § 3 of the Executive Order. Additionally, (1) all State and local laws and
regulations that are in conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2) no
retroactive effect will be given to the rule; and (3) administrative appeal
procedures, if any, must be exhausted before litigation against the Department
or its agencies may be initiated, in accordance with the regulations of the
National Appeals Division of USDA at 7 CFR part 11.
Executive Order 13132, Federalism Back to Top

The policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial direct effect on
States, on the relationship between the National Government and the States, or
on the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on
State and local governments. Therefore, consultation with States is not
required.
Regulatory Flexibility Act Certification Back to Top

Under section 605(b) of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C. 605(b), the
Agency certifies that this rule will not have a significant economic impact on a
substantial number of small entities. The Agency made this determination based
on the fact that this regulation only impacts those who choose to participate in
the program. Small entity applicants will not be impacted to a greater extent
than large entity applicants.
Unfunded Mandate Reform Act Back to Top

This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory provisions of Title
II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995) for State, local, and Tribal
Governments or the private sector. Thus, this rule is not subject to the
requirements of § s 202 and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995.
Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments Back to Top

This executive order imposes requirements on Rural Development (RD) in the
development of regulatory policies that have tribal implications or preempt
tribal laws. RD has determined that this rule does not have a substantial direct
effect on one or more Indian tribe(s) or on either the relationship or the
distribution of powers and responsibilities between the Federal Government and
Indian tribes. Thus, this rule is not subject to the requirements of Executive
Order 13175. If a tribe determines that this rule has implications of which RD
is not aware and would like to engage with RD on this rule, please contact RD's
Native American Coordinator at (720) 544-2911 or AIAN@wdc.usda.gov
Paperwork Reduction Act Back to Top

This rule contains no new reporting or recordkeeping requirements that would
require approval under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. Chapter
35).
E-Government Act Compliance Back to Top

Rural Development is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to
promote the use of the Internet and other information technologies, to provide
increased opportunities for citizens to access Government information and
services electronically.
I. Background Back to Top

The process of debt settlement is a time consuming process. Before a borrower in
default can settle their indebtedness to the Agency, current regulations require
four levels of review: The local/area office, the State Office, the National
Office, and finally a United States Department of Justice (DOJ) review. This
review process results in loans that are eligible for debt settlement, to
continue to sit on the books much longer than necessary, incurring interest, and
decreasing the likelihood that a borrower will exist to collect recoveries once
the loan is finally sent to the Department of the Treasury.

The Agency has shown, through its use of the settlement authority in 7 U.S.C.
1981(b)(4) in its other loan programs, that it can judiciously and reasonably
administer that authority on its own without the need for additional levels of
review.

By revising its regulations governing the review process for debt settlement,
the Agency will be able to process debt settlement claims in a more uniform,
prompt, and efficient manner.
II. Discussion of Changes Back to Top

The Agency is proposing to modify several paragraphs in 7 CFR part 1951, subpart
R and in 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C in order to allow the aforementioned loans
to be settled under Agency policies and procedures for debt settlement as found
in 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C, and to remove the requirement to send settlements
to DOJ, allowing us to use the Federal Claims Collection Standards (31 CFR parts
900-904). This will permit the Agency to quickly and efficiently dispose of debt
settlements. The specific changes are summarized below:

1. The Agency is proposing to modify § 1951.851(a) by adding a sentence to
indicate that all debt settlement cases submitted under 7 CFR part 1951, subpart
R, will be handled in accordance with 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C. The Agency is
adding reference to the RMAP in the first sentence to indicate its inclusion.

2. The Agency is proposing to revise § 1951.894 to state that the debt
settlement of all claims, which would now include RMAP, would be handled in
accordance with 7 CFR 1956, subpart C. Specifically, the Agency is replacing the
reference to Federal Claims Collection Standards, 4 CFR parts 101-105, with
reference to "Subpart C of Part 1956 of this Chapter."

3. The Agency is proposing to revise §§ 1956.101 so that debt settlement of RDLF
loans, IRP loans and RMAP loans, will be under 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C (and
will be handled by the Agency's Administrator) rather than under the Federal
Claims Collection Standards as currently provided in the regulation.

4. The Agency is proposing to revise the introductory text to § 1956.147 to
remove reference to RDLF loans and IRP loans. This is a conforming change that
removes these loans from complying with the debt settlement provisions under the
Federal Claims Collection Act.
List of Subjects Back to Top
7 CFR Part 1951

Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development

7 CFR Part 1956

Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development

For the reasons set forth in the preamble, chapter XVIII, title 7, of the Code
of Federal Regulations is amended as follows:
begin regulatory text
CHAPTER XVIII--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE, RURAL
UTILITIES SERVICE, AND FARM SERVICE AGENCY, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Back to
Top
PART 1951--SERVICING AND COLLECTIONS Back to Top

1.The authority citation for part 1951 is revised to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart R--Rural Development Loan Servicing Back to Top

2.Paragraph (a) of § 1951.851 is revised to read as follows:
§ 1951.851 Introduction.

(a) This subpart contains regulations for servicing or liquidating loans or
other assistance made by the Rural Business-Cooperative Service or its successor
agency under the IRP and the RMAP. All debt settlement cases under this subpart
will be settled in accordance with the debt settlement provisions set forth in 7
CFR part 1956, subpart C. The provisions of this subpart supersede conflicting
provisions of any other subpart.

* * * * *

3.Section 1951.894 is revised to read as follows:
§ 1951.894 Debt settlement.

Debt settlement of all claims will be handled in accordance with subpart C of
part 1956 of this chapter.
PART 1956--DEBT SETTLEMENT Back to Top

4.The authority citation for part 1956 is revised to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart C--Debt Settlement--Community and Business Programs Back to Top

5.Section 1956.101 is revised to read as follows:
§ 1956.101 Purpose.

This subpart delegates authority and prescribes policies and procedures for debt
settlement of Community Facility loans; Association Recreation loans; Rural
Renewal loans; direct Business and Industry loans; Rural Development Loan Fund
loans; Intermediary Relending Program loans; and the Rural Microentrepreneur
Assistance Program (RMAP) loans and repayable portions of RMAP grants; and
Shift-in-land-use loans. Settlement of Economic Opportunity Cooperative loans,
Claims Against Third Party Converters, Non-program loans, Rural Business
Enterprise/Television Demonstration Grants, Nonprofit National Corporations
Loans and Grants, and 601 Energy Impact Assistance Grants, is not authorized
under independent statutory authority, and settlement under these programs is
handled pursuant to the Federal Claims Collection Joint Standards, 31 CFR parts
900 through 904, inclusive. In addition, this subpart does not apply to Water
and Waste Programs of the Rural Utilities Service, Watershed loans, and Resource
Conservation and Development loans, which are serviced under part 1782 of this
title.

6.The section heading and introductory text to § 1956.147 are revised to read as
follows:
§ 1956.147 Debt settlement under the Federal Claims Collection Standard.

Unless otherwise provided in this title, loans and claims will be settled in
accordance with the Federal Claims Collection Standards at 31 CFR parts 900
through 904, inclusive.

* * * * *
end regulatory text

Dated: February 27, 2015.

Lisa Mensah,

Under Secretary.

Dated: February 26, 2015.

Michael Scuse,

Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 119 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                      June 12, 2013 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

TruFund Financial Services, Inc. Unveils New Brand Identity

LENGTH: 775  words


New Delhi, June 12 -- TruFund Financial Services is the new name for the former
Seedco Financial. An independent, national not-for-profit Community Development
Financial Institution (CDFI) with more than $55 million assets under management,
TruFund Financial Services stimulates economic development in low- to
moderate-income (LMI) communities by providing affordable capital, hands-on
business assistance and innovative solutions to small businesses.



TruFund Financial Services provides fair and accessible capital, tailored
financial solutions and connections to a network of business consultants to
not-for-profit organizations and small businesses that are underserved by
traditional banking and lending institutions. When considering loan applicants,
TruFund Financial Services evaluates the applicants' talent for work, commitment
to success and willingness to invest in themselves. Through this holistic
approach and unique model, TruFund Financial Services stimulates economic growth
in LMI communities. Every day, TruFund Financial Services expands the ability of
local businesses and organizations to participate in growth opportunities, to
succeed and, in turn, to enable their communities to thrive.

"Our new brand will allow us to convey our mission and the important work that
we do more clearly and succinctly," said James H. Bason, President of TruFund
Financial Services. "The TruFund brand stands for confidence and stability,
qualities that are important to our employees, customers and partners."

"At this juncture in our evolution, as we are poised to assist more customers
and communities, it is even more imperative that our name clearly communicate
the important work that we do and our dedication to fair and accessible capital
for our customers," said Demetric A. Duckett, SVP, Business Development and
Marketing of TruFund Financial Services.

Since its origins in the aftermath of 9/11 when TruFund Financial Services
deployed more than $30 million in capital to devastated businesses in the New
York metropolitan area, TruFund has steadily evolved, building upon a solid
foundation of deep and trusted relationships with customers in LMI communities,
government agencies and a network of partners including foundations, financial
institutions and community organizations.

TruFund has three principal areas of geographic focus: New York, Louisiana and
Alabama. In New York, TruFund Financial Services continues its mission of
supporting entrepreneurs and non-profits and is also using its post-disaster
business expertise to administer lending programs for businesses impacted by
Hurricane Sandy. In Louisiana, in the wakes of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita and
the Gulf Coast oil spill, TruFund Financial Services created invaluable
financial assistance lifelines for the hard-hit fishing industry, one of many
underserved small business sectors it continues to support in the region today.
In Alabama, where its initial work was to develop affordable housing projects in
partnership with historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs), TruFund
Financial Services has since expanded to develop growth opportunities for
Alabama's underserved small businesses, including those in the agricultural and
construction sectors. A notable area of recent investment and future growth for
TruFund Financial Services is expanded operations and support for the businesses
and communities of Alabama's economically challenged Black Belt region.

In all three geographies, TruFund Financial Services also continues to be
committed to helping small businesses thrive by participating in federally and
state-funded infrastructure and other development projects that create jobs and
keep wealth within local communities. Currently, TruFund Financial Services is
partnering with the U.S. Department of Transportation Short-Term Lending Program
for federal infrastructure and construction projects, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP), administered by
individual states to boost small business development in rural communities, and
the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) Community Advantage Program, to
provide SBA lending to heretofore underserved small businesses and
entrepreneurs.

"In these challenging economic times, our work supporting small businesses,
enabling job creation and rebuilding wealth in local communities is even more
critical. While our name has changed to better reflect our mission and position
as a stable and reliable lender, we remain constant and unwavering in our
commitment to fostering the long-term vitality of our customers and their
communities," said Bason.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 13, 2015 Friday

Rural Development Loan Servicing

LENGTH: 2685  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register, Government of USA has issued the following news
release:


Action

Direct Final Rule.
Summary

The Rural Business-Cooperative Service is amending its regulations for Debt
Settlement. This amendment would allow the Rural Business Service's (referred to
as Agency throughout the remainder of the text) Administrator to use the
statutory authority that has been delegated to him/her in accordance with title
331(b)(4) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT), but is
currently not being used for all of RBS's revolving loan programs, which
include: The Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) loans, Rural Development Loan
Fund (RDLF) loans, and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program
(RMAP)loans. This regulation will allow the RBS to be consistent across all of
its loan programs; all of RBS's other loan programs have regulations in place to
settle debt.

This Direct Final Rule is intended to authorize the Agency to use its
independent debt settlement authority under CONACT. Nothing in this Direct Final
Rule is intended to affect the requirements of the Agency to follow other
applicable Federal debt collection law such as the Debt Collection Improvement
Act of 1996, as amended. Further nothing in this Direct Final Rule is intended
to alter any requirements the Agency must follow when making collection
referrals to the Department of Justice or the Treasury Department.
Unified Agenda
Debt Settlement--Community and Business Programs

2 actions from March 2015 to March 2015

March 2015
        NPRM
    March 2015
        Direct Final Rule


Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Executive Order 12866, Classification
    Programs Affected
    Environmental Impact Statement
    Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Consultation
    Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice
    Executive Order 13132, Federalism
    Regulatory Flexibility Act Certification
    Unfunded Mandate Reform Act
    Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments
    Paperwork Reduction Act
    E-Government Act Compliance
    I. Background
    II. Discussion of Changes
    List of Subjects
    CHAPTER XVIII--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE,
RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE, AND FARM SERVICE AGENCY, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
    PART 1951--SERVICING AND COLLECTIONS
    Subpart R--Rural Development Loan Servicing
    PART 1956--DEBT SETTLEMENT
    Subpart C--Debt Settlement--Community and Business Programs

DATES: Back to Top

This rule is effective May 18, 2015. Comments on this direct final rule must be
received on or before April 13, 2015 to be assured of consideration.

If RBS receives adverse comment(s) on all or a distinct portion of this rule, we
will publish a timely withdrawal in the Federal Register informing the public
that some of this rule or the entire direct final rule will not take effect. The
rule provisions that are not withdrawn will become effective on the date set out
above, notwithstanding adverse comments on any other provision, unless we
determine that it would not be appropriate to promulgate those provisions.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

You may submit comments to this direct final rule by any of the following
methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the instructions
for submitting comments.
    Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service to the Branch
Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, STOP 0742, 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Washington, DC 20024.
    Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal Express Mail, or
other courier service requiring a street address, to the Branch Chief,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture. All
written comments will be available for public inspection during regular work
hours at the 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor address listed above.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Melvin Padgett, Rural Development, Business Programs, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop 3226, Washington, DC 20250-3225;
email: melvin.padgett@wdc.usda.gov; telephone: (202) 720-1495.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top
Executive Order 12866, Classification Back to Top

This rule has been determined to be significant for purposes of Executive Order
12866 and has been reviewed by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB). The
Executive Order defines a "significant regulatory action" as one that is likely
to result in a rule that may: (1) Have an annual effect on the economy of $100
million or more or adversely affect, in a material way, the economy, a sector of
the economy, productivity, competition, jobs, the environment, public health or
safety, or State, local, or Tribal Governments or communities; (2) Create a
serious inconsistency or otherwise interfere with an action taken or planned by
another agency; (3) Materially alter the budgetary impact of entitlements,
grants, user fees, or loan programs or the rights and obligations of recipients
thereof; or (4) Raise novel legal or policy issues arising out of legal
mandates, the President's priorities, or the principles set forth in this
Executive Order.

The Agency conducted a benefit-cost analysis to fulfill the requirements of EO
12866. This rule will not impose any new costs for the public (customers,
applicants, borrowers, grantees, recipients and/or beneficiaries) of Rural
Development's loan programs. This direct final rule permits the debt settlement
policy to be uniform and consistent for all programs and will allow the Rural
Development to process eligible debt settlement cases in a prompt and efficient
manner.
Programs Affected Back to Top

The Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Program number assigned to the IRP is
10.767.
Environmental Impact Statement Back to Top

This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR, part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." Rural Development has determined that this action does
not constitute a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the
human environment and, in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act
(NEPA) of 1969, 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact Statement is not
required.
Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Consultation Back to Top

The program is subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372, which
requires intergovernmental consultation with State and local officials.
Consultation will be completed at the time of the action performed.
Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Back to Top

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform.
The Agency has determined that this rule meets the applicable standards provided
in § 3 of the Executive Order. Additionally, (1) all State and local laws and
regulations that are in conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2) no
retroactive effect will be given to the rule; and (3) administrative appeal
procedures, if any, must be exhausted before litigation against the Department
or its agencies may be initiated, in accordance with the regulations of the
National Appeals Division of USDA at 7 CFR part 11.
Executive Order 13132, Federalism Back to Top

The policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial direct effect on
States, on the relationship between the National Government and the States, or
on the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on
State and local governments. Therefore, consultation with States is not
required.
Regulatory Flexibility Act Certification Back to Top

Under section 605(b) of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C. 605(b), the
Agency certifies that this rule will not have a significant economic impact on a
substantial number of small entities. The Agency made this determination based
on the fact that this regulation only impacts those who choose to participate in
the program. Small entity applicants will not be impacted to a greater extent
than large entity applicants.
Unfunded Mandate Reform Act Back to Top

This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory provisions of Title
II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995) for State, local, and Tribal
Governments or the private sector. Thus, this rule is not subject to the
requirements of § s 202 and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995.
Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments Back to Top

This executive order imposes requirements on Rural Development (RD) in the
development of regulatory policies that have tribal implications or preempt
tribal laws. RD has determined that this rule does not have a substantial direct
effect on one or more Indian tribe(s) or on either the relationship or the
distribution of powers and responsibilities between the Federal Government and
Indian tribes. Thus, this rule is not subject to the requirements of Executive
Order 13175. If a tribe determines that this rule has implications of which RD
is not aware and would like to engage with RD on this rule, please contact RD's
Native American Coordinator at (720) 544-2911 or AIAN@wdc.usda.gov
Paperwork Reduction Act Back to Top

This rule contains no new reporting or recordkeeping requirements that would
require approval under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. Chapter
35).
E-Government Act Compliance Back to Top

Rural Development is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to
promote the use of the Internet and other information technologies, to provide
increased opportunities for citizens to access Government information and
services electronically.
I. Background Back to Top

The process of debt settlement is a time consuming process. Before a borrower in
default can settle their indebtedness to the Agency, current regulations require
four levels of review: The local/area office, the State Office, the National
Office, and finally a United States Department of Justice (DOJ) review. This
review process results in loans that are eligible for debt settlement, to
continue to sit on the books much longer than necessary, incurring interest, and
decreasing the likelihood that a borrower will exist to collect recoveries once
the loan is finally sent to the Department of the Treasury.

The Agency has shown, through its use of the settlement authority in 7 U.S.C.
1981(b)(4) in its other loan programs, that it can judiciously and reasonably
administer that authority on its own without the need for additional levels of
review.

By revising its regulations governing the review process for debt settlement,
the Agency will be able to process debt settlement claims in a more uniform,
prompt, and efficient manner.
II. Discussion of Changes Back to Top

The Agency is proposing to modify several paragraphs in 7 CFR part 1951, subpart
R and in 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C in order to allow the aforementioned loans
to be settled under Agency policies and procedures for debt settlement as found
in 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C, and to remove the requirement to send settlements
to DOJ, allowing us to use the Federal Claims Collection Standards (31 CFR parts
900-904). This will permit the Agency to quickly and efficiently dispose of debt
settlements. The specific changes are summarized below:

1. The Agency is proposing to modify § 1951.851(a) by adding a sentence to
indicate that all debt settlement cases submitted under 7 CFR part 1951, subpart
R, will be handled in accordance with 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C. The Agency is
adding reference to the RMAP in the first sentence to indicate its inclusion.

2. The Agency is proposing to revise § 1951.894 to state that the debt
settlement of all claims, which would now include RMAP, would be handled in
accordance with 7 CFR 1956, subpart C. Specifically, the Agency is replacing the
reference to Federal Claims Collection Standards, 4 CFR parts 101-105, with
reference to "Subpart C of Part 1956 of this Chapter."

3. The Agency is proposing to revise §§ 1956.101 so that debt settlement of RDLF
loans, IRP loans and RMAP loans, will be under 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C (and
will be handled by the Agency's Administrator) rather than under the Federal
Claims Collection Standards as currently provided in the regulation.

4. The Agency is proposing to revise the introductory text to § 1956.147 to
remove reference to RDLF loans and IRP loans. This is a conforming change that
removes these loans from complying with the debt settlement provisions under the
Federal Claims Collection Act.
List of Subjects Back to Top
7 CFR Part 1951

Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development

7 CFR Part 1956

Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development

For the reasons set forth in the preamble, chapter XVIII, title 7, of the Code
of Federal Regulations is amended as follows:
begin regulatory text
CHAPTER XVIII--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE, RURAL
UTILITIES SERVICE, AND FARM SERVICE AGENCY, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Back to
Top
PART 1951--SERVICING AND COLLECTIONS Back to Top

1.The authority citation for part 1951 is revised to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart R--Rural Development Loan Servicing Back to Top

2.Paragraph (a) of § 1951.851 is revised to read as follows:
§ 1951.851 Introduction.

(a) This subpart contains regulations for servicing or liquidating loans or
other assistance made by the Rural Business-Cooperative Service or its successor
agency under the IRP and the RMAP. All debt settlement cases under this subpart
will be settled in accordance with the debt settlement provisions set forth in 7
CFR part 1956, subpart C. The provisions of this subpart supersede conflicting
provisions of any other subpart.

* * * * *

3.Section 1951.894 is revised to read as follows:
§ 1951.894 Debt settlement.

Debt settlement of all claims will be handled in accordance with subpart C of
part 1956 of this chapter.
PART 1956--DEBT SETTLEMENT Back to Top

4.The authority citation for part 1956 is revised to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart C--Debt Settlement--Community and Business Programs Back to Top

5.Section 1956.101 is revised to read as follows:
§ 1956.101 Purpose.

This subpart delegates authority and prescribes policies and procedures for debt
settlement of Community Facility loans; Association Recreation loans; Rural
Renewal loans; direct Business and Industry loans; Rural Development Loan Fund
loans; Intermediary Relending Program loans; and the Rural Microentrepreneur
Assistance Program (RMAP) loans and repayable portions of RMAP grants; and
Shift-in-land-use loans. Settlement of Economic Opportunity Cooperative loans,
Claims Against Third Party Converters, Non-program loans, Rural Business
Enterprise/Television Demonstration Grants, Nonprofit National Corporations
Loans and Grants, and 601 Energy Impact Assistance Grants, is not authorized
under independent statutory authority, and settlement under these programs is
handled pursuant to the Federal Claims Collection Joint Standards, 31 CFR parts
900 through 904, inclusive. In addition, this subpart does not apply to Water
and Waste Programs of the Rural Utilities Service, Watershed loans, and Resource
Conservation and Development loans, which are serviced under part 1782 of this
title.

6.The section heading and introductory text to § 1956.147 are revised to read as
follows:
§ 1956.147 Debt settlement under the Federal Claims Collection Standard.

Unless otherwise provided in this title, loans and claims will be settled in
accordance with the Federal Claims Collection Standards at 31 CFR parts 900
through 904, inclusive.

* * * * *
end regulatory text

Dated: February 27, 2015.

Lisa Mensah,

Under Secretary.

Dated: February 26, 2015.

Michael Scuse,

Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 24, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: Rural Development: FmHAand Census References

LENGTH: 2775  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of The Treasury has issued the following news release:

Rural Development (RD) is amending its regulations by updating references to the
Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) and clarifying and updating references to the
census data. These actions will provide consistency in terminology between
program regulations. In addition, clarifying and updating references to census
data is needed to account for changes to the decennial Census, which, starting
with the 2010 decennial Census is no longer reporting income and unemployment
data. Additional revisions are being implemented to show the regulations that do
not apply to the Farm Service Agency (FSA) and to remove outdated or unnecessary
language.
Dates

This rule will become effective April 27, 2015 without further action unless the
Agency receives significant written adverse comments or written notices of
intent to submit adverse comments on or before March 26, 2015. If the Agency
receives significant adverse comments or notices, the Agency will publish a
timely notice in theFederal Registerwithdrawing those provisions on which
adverse comment were received.
Addresses

You may submit adverse comments or notice of intent to submit adverse comments
to this rule by any of the following methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the instructions
for submitting comments.
    Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service to the Branch
Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0742.

    Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal Express Mail, or
other courier service requiring a street address, to the Branch Chief,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 300
7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Washington, DC 20024.

All written comments will be available for public inspection during regular work
hours at the 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor address listed above.
For Further Information Contact

Kenneth Meardon, Policy Advisor, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, STOP 3201, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,
DC 20250-3225; email: ken.meardon@wdc.usda.gov; telephone (202) 260-8296.
Supplementary Information
Classification

This rule has been determined to be not significant for purposes of Executive
Order 12866 and has not been reviewed by the Office of Management and Budget.
Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance

RD's programs affected by this rulemaking are shown in the Catalog of Federal
Domestic Assistance (CFDA) with numbers as indicated:

10.350--Technical Assistance to Cooperatives

10.352--Value-Added Producer Grants (4284)

10.405--Farm Labor Housing Loans and Grants (3560)

10.410--Very Low to Moderate Income Housing Loans (Section 502 Rural Housing
Loans) (3550)

10.415--Rural Rental Housing Loans

10.420--Rural Self-Help Technical Assistance

10.427--Rural Rental Assistance Payments (3560)

10.433--Rural Housing Preservation Grants

10.438--Rural Rental Housing Program--Guaranteed Loans

10.441--Technical and Supervisory Assistance Grants

10.448--Rural Housing Service Multi-Family Housing Rural Housing Voucher
Demonstration Program (3560)

10.759--Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households
Program (SEARCH) (1774)

10.760--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities (1779, 1780)

10.761--Technical Assistance and Training Grants (1775)

10.762--Solid Waste Management Grants (1775)

10.763--Emergency Community Water Assistance Grants (1778)

10.766--Community Facilities Loans and Grants (3570, 3575)

10.767--Intermediary Relending Program (4274)

10.768--Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program (4279)

10.769--Rural Business Enterprise Grant Program

10.770--Water and Waste Disposal Loans and Grants (Section 306C) (1777)

10.771--Rural Cooperative Development Grants

10.773--Rural Business Opportunity Grant Program

10.781--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities--ARRA (1780)

10.782--Appropriate Technology Transfer for Rural Areas (4284)

10.850--Rural Electrification Loans and Loan Guarantees (1714)

10.851--Rural Telephone Loans and Loan Guarantees (1735)

10.854--Rural Economic Development Loans and Grants (4280)

10.857--State Bulk Fuel Revolving Fund Grants

10.858--RUS Denali Commission Grants and Loans

10.859--Assistance to High Energy Cost--Rural Communities (1709)

10.860--Rural Business Investment Program (4290)

10.861--Public Television Station Digital Transition Grant Program (1740)

10.862--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities (1776)

10.863--Community Connect Grant Program (1739)

10-864--Grant Program to Estabish a Fund for Financing Water and Wastewater
Projects (1783)

10.865--Biorefinery Assistance (4279)

10.866--Repowering Assistance Program (4288)

10.867--Bioenergy Program for Advanced Biofuels (4288)

10.868--Rural Energy for America Program (4280)

10.870--Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program

10.871--Small Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grants (4284)

10.886--Rural Broadband Access Loans and Loan Guarantees (1738)

All active CFDA programs can be found at www.cfda.gov under "Department of
Agriculture, RuralDevelopment." Programs not listed in this section or not
listed on the CFDA Web site but are still being serviced by RD will nevertheless
be covered by the requirements of this action.
Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs

This action is not subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372, which
requires intergovernmental consultation with State and local officials.
Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform.
RD has determined that this rule meets the applicable standards provided in
section 3 of the Executive Order. Additionally, (1) all state and local laws and
regulations that are in conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2) no
retroactive effect will be given to the rule; and (3) administrative appeal
procedures, if any, must be exhausted before litigation against the Department
or its agencies may be initiated, in accordance with the regulations of the
National Appeals Division of USDA at 7 CFR part 11.
Environmental Impact Statement

This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." RD has determined that this action does not constitute
a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the human
environment and, in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA)
of 1969, 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact Statement is not
required.
Unfunded Mandates Reform Act

This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory provisions of Title
II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995) for State, local, and Tribal
governments or the private sector. Thus, this rule is not subject to the
requirements of sections 202 and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of
1995.
Regulatory Flexibility Act

Under section 605(b) of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C. 605(b), RD
certifies that this rule will not have a significant economic impact on a
substantial number of small entities because the action will not affect a
significant number of small entities as defined by the Regulatory Flexibility
Act (5 U.S.C. 501). RBS made this determination based on the fact that this
action only impacts internal Agency procedures for determining how much of
available program funds are allocated to each state. Small entities will not be
impacted to a greater extent than large entities.
Executive Order 13132, Federalism

The policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial direct effect on
states, on the relationship between the national government and the states, or
on the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on
state and local governments. Therefore, consultation with states is not
required.
Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments

This executive order imposes requirements on RD in the development of regulatory
policies that have Tribal implications or preempt tribal laws. RD has determined
that the rule does not, to our knowledge, have a substantial direct effect on
one or more Indian Tribe(s) or on either the relationship or the distribution of
powers and responsibilities between the Federal Government and Indian Tribes.
Thus, this rule is not subject to the requirements of Executive Order 13175. If
a Tribe determines that this rule has implications of which RD is not aware and
would like to engage with RD on this rule, please contact RD's Native American
Coordinator at (202) 690-1681 or AIAN@wdc.usda.gov
Paperwork Reduction Act

There are no reporting and recordkeeping requirements associated with this rule.

E-Government Act Compliance

RD is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to promote the use of
the Internet and other information technologies, to provide increased
opportunities for citizens to access Government information and services
electronically.
I. Background and Discussion

RD is amending numerous RD regulations in two broad areas--references to the
Farmners Home Administration and references to Bureau of Census data. For those
RD regulations affected by these two areas, RD is also making several additional
changes by updating the text with regard to applicability of the regulations to
the FSA; removing or updating outdated text, as applicable; and removing
unnecessary text.
II. Discussion of Changes
A. Farmers Home Administration (FmHA)

Many RD regulations still contain references to the Farmers Home Administration,
or FmHA, which was the predecessor agency to both RD and FSA.

FmHA references most frequently encountered in RD regulations are in reference
to forms, instructions, and addresses. RD is either removing references that are
no longer necessary or updating the FmHA references to reflect the appropriate
entity, as applicable. New references will be to RD, Agency, to the specific RD
agency (Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Rural Housing Service, Rural
Utilities Service), to the "government," or to the United States, depending on
the context of the regulation. Where necessary in individual RD regulations,
definitions have been changed or added to reflect the new reference(s).
B. Census References

Many RD regulations refer to census data as the source to be used for various
popluation-, income-, and unemployment-related data. RD is amending those
portions of its regulations that reference U.S. Bureau of Census (Census Bureau)
and its data primarily due to changes in the data being reported by the Census
Bureau in the decennial Census.

Other changes are being implemented to further consistency among RD programs in
referencing sources to be used for population-related data requirements and
provisions and to provide clarification of how provisions are implemented.
Finally, RD is removing outdated or unnecessary text.

The following paragraphs discuss these changes.

1. Census Bureau data. RD allocates the funding for a number of its programs
using formulas that rely on data supplied by the Census Bureau, frequently as
found in the decennial Census. Most RD regulations refer to this as "using the
latest census data available" or similar language.

Starting with the 2010 census, however, the Census Bureau no longer reports
income data in the decennial Census. Thus, RD needs to identify an alternative
source for income-related data.

After examining several alternative data sources, RD determined that income data
published by the Census Bureau in the American CommunitySurvey (ACS), as found
in the 5-year survey component of the ACS, provides the best source of data for
estimates of state-level income and poverty data, even though such are no longer
being published in the decennial Census. RD is also aware that the data
contained in the ACS may not meet the needs of a specific program and that the
ACS may at some point in the future be replaced or discontinued. For these
reasons, RD is using "5-year income data from the American Community Survey
(ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data" to indicate the source of the
data to be used.

In some instances, RD regulations refer to using other data sources for
income-related data if the ACS or Census Bureau data are outdated. RD is
retaining that concept where it currently exists, but modifying the language to
address the revision noted in the preceding paragraph.

2. Consistency and clarification. As described below, RD is making several
changes to create consistency between the RD programs.

a. Whenever a regulation is directing the use of the decennial Census as the
data source, RD is using "the most recent decennial Census of the United States
(decennial Census)" consistently throughout the RD regulations. This change
brings consistency among the three RD agencies and their regulations.

b. RD regulations apply not only to what most people understand as the 50 states
of the United States, but also to the U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, Guam,
American Samoa, the Marshall Islands, etc. The decennial Census does not report
population for most of these territories. Some, but not all, of the RD
regulations clearly identify how population data are to be obtained for these
other areas. To make this consistent, RD is revising text to make clear in all
its regulations the data sources to be used. Specifically, if the decennial
Census does not provide the applicable population information, then RD will
determine the applicable population data based on available population data.
C. FSA Related Changes

When they were operating as the Farmers Home Adminstration, RD and FSA shared
many regulations. With RD and FSA now separate entities, many of the regulations
in 7 CFR no longer apply to FSA. Some of these regulations have already been
identified as no longer being applicable to FSA. There are a few regulations,
however, that still need to be identified as no being applicable to FSA and RD
is adding text to that effect. The regulations are: 7 CFR 1900 subpart A, 7 CFR
1902 subpart A, and 7 CFR 1910 subpart B.
D. Outdated and/or Unnecessary Text in Those Parts and Subparts That Contain
Either Reference to Census Bureau or FmHA

Once RD identified those CFR parts that need updating with regard to references
to FmHA and the Census Bureau, RD also identified a number of other outdated or
unnecessary material, and thus is revising such material. In brief, these
changes:

Remove reference to Rand McNally and Company as an alternative source of
population data (7 CFR 1735.2, 7 CFR 1737.2);
    Remove references to a Federal Communications Commission Web site and to a
Census Tiger Map (7 CFR 1740.8(b)(1)(i) and (c)(1);
    Remove a series of Agency forms from 7 CFR 1980, Subpart E and their
conforming references. Specifically, RD will no longer publish in the CFR RD
forms identified as: (1) Appendix A, (2) Appendix B, (3) Appendix F, (4)
Exhibits A through C to Appendix I to Subpart E of Part 1980, and (5) Exhibits A
through C to Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980. The applicable forms will
continue to be available in RD offices and through RD's Web site;
    Remove reference to the year 2000 as it currently modifies "Census block" in
7 CFR 1709(b);
    Remove the first paragraph in the definition of Rural and rural area in 7
CFR 3575.1. This paragraph references Fiscal Year 1999 and is thus obsolete; and

    Update the reference to the Legislative Affairs and Public Information Staff
(LAPIS) with the Legislative and Public Affairs Staff (LAPAS) (7 CFR parts 1942,
1944, 1948, and 1980).

E. Other

For the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) program, RD is
modifying both the definition of Rural or rural area" (7 CFR 4280.3) and the
scoring criterion associated with the decline in population for the county where
the project is physically located (7 CFR 4280.42(b)(7)).

RD is modifying the definition of "Rural or rural area" for REDLG to make the
definition consistent with the definition for "rural or rural area" found in the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP), whose definition is more
comprehensive and consistent with other definitions with Rural
Business-Cooperative Service programs.

RD is modifying the identified scoring criterion by adding reference to making
the calculation using the an "equivalent time frame" in those instances where
data is used from a data source other than the decennial Census.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 24, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: Rural Development: FmHAand Census References

LENGTH: 2775  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of The Treasury has issued the following news release:

Rural Development (RD) is amending its regulations by updating references to the
Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) and clarifying and updating references to the
census data. These actions will provide consistency in terminology between
program regulations. In addition, clarifying and updating references to census
data is needed to account for changes to the decennial Census, which, starting
with the 2010 decennial Census is no longer reporting income and unemployment
data. Additional revisions are being implemented to show the regulations that do
not apply to the Farm Service Agency (FSA) and to remove outdated or unnecessary
language.
Dates

This rule will become effective April 27, 2015 without further action unless the
Agency receives significant written adverse comments or written notices of
intent to submit adverse comments on or before March 26, 2015. If the Agency
receives significant adverse comments or notices, the Agency will publish a
timely notice in theFederal Registerwithdrawing those provisions on which
adverse comment were received.
Addresses

You may submit adverse comments or notice of intent to submit adverse comments
to this rule by any of the following methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the instructions
for submitting comments.
    Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service to the Branch
Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0742.

    Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal Express Mail, or
other courier service requiring a street address, to the Branch Chief,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 300
7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Washington, DC 20024.

All written comments will be available for public inspection during regular work
hours at the 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor address listed above.
For Further Information Contact

Kenneth Meardon, Policy Advisor, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, STOP 3201, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,
DC 20250-3225; email: ken.meardon@wdc.usda.gov; telephone (202) 260-8296.
Supplementary Information
Classification

This rule has been determined to be not significant for purposes of Executive
Order 12866 and has not been reviewed by the Office of Management and Budget.
Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance

RD's programs affected by this rulemaking are shown in the Catalog of Federal
Domestic Assistance (CFDA) with numbers as indicated:

10.350--Technical Assistance to Cooperatives

10.352--Value-Added Producer Grants (4284)

10.405--Farm Labor Housing Loans and Grants (3560)

10.410--Very Low to Moderate Income Housing Loans (Section 502 Rural Housing
Loans) (3550)

10.415--Rural Rental Housing Loans

10.420--Rural Self-Help Technical Assistance

10.427--Rural Rental Assistance Payments (3560)

10.433--Rural Housing Preservation Grants

10.438--Rural Rental Housing Program--Guaranteed Loans

10.441--Technical and Supervisory Assistance Grants

10.448--Rural Housing Service Multi-Family Housing Rural Housing Voucher
Demonstration Program (3560)

10.759--Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households
Program (SEARCH) (1774)

10.760--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities (1779, 1780)

10.761--Technical Assistance and Training Grants (1775)

10.762--Solid Waste Management Grants (1775)

10.763--Emergency Community Water Assistance Grants (1778)

10.766--Community Facilities Loans and Grants (3570, 3575)

10.767--Intermediary Relending Program (4274)

10.768--Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program (4279)

10.769--Rural Business Enterprise Grant Program

10.770--Water and Waste Disposal Loans and Grants (Section 306C) (1777)

10.771--Rural Cooperative Development Grants

10.773--Rural Business Opportunity Grant Program

10.781--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities--ARRA (1780)

10.782--Appropriate Technology Transfer for Rural Areas (4284)

10.850--Rural Electrification Loans and Loan Guarantees (1714)

10.851--Rural Telephone Loans and Loan Guarantees (1735)

10.854--Rural Economic Development Loans and Grants (4280)

10.857--State Bulk Fuel Revolving Fund Grants

10.858--RUS Denali Commission Grants and Loans

10.859--Assistance to High Energy Cost--Rural Communities (1709)

10.860--Rural Business Investment Program (4290)

10.861--Public Television Station Digital Transition Grant Program (1740)

10.862--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities (1776)

10.863--Community Connect Grant Program (1739)

10-864--Grant Program to Estabish a Fund for Financing Water and Wastewater
Projects (1783)

10.865--Biorefinery Assistance (4279)

10.866--Repowering Assistance Program (4288)

10.867--Bioenergy Program for Advanced Biofuels (4288)

10.868--Rural Energy for America Program (4280)

10.870--Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program

10.871--Small Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grants (4284)

10.886--Rural Broadband Access Loans and Loan Guarantees (1738)

All active CFDA programs can be found at www.cfda.gov under "Department of
Agriculture, RuralDevelopment." Programs not listed in this section or not
listed on the CFDA Web site but are still being serviced by RD will nevertheless
be covered by the requirements of this action.
Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs

This action is not subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372, which
requires intergovernmental consultation with State and local officials.
Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform.
RD has determined that this rule meets the applicable standards provided in
section 3 of the Executive Order. Additionally, (1) all state and local laws and
regulations that are in conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2) no
retroactive effect will be given to the rule; and (3) administrative appeal
procedures, if any, must be exhausted before litigation against the Department
or its agencies may be initiated, in accordance with the regulations of the
National Appeals Division of USDA at 7 CFR part 11.
Environmental Impact Statement

This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." RD has determined that this action does not constitute
a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the human
environment and, in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA)
of 1969, 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact Statement is not
required.
Unfunded Mandates Reform Act

This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory provisions of Title
II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995) for State, local, and Tribal
governments or the private sector. Thus, this rule is not subject to the
requirements of sections 202 and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of
1995.
Regulatory Flexibility Act

Under section 605(b) of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C. 605(b), RD
certifies that this rule will not have a significant economic impact on a
substantial number of small entities because the action will not affect a
significant number of small entities as defined by the Regulatory Flexibility
Act (5 U.S.C. 501). RBS made this determination based on the fact that this
action only impacts internal Agency procedures for determining how much of
available program funds are allocated to each state. Small entities will not be
impacted to a greater extent than large entities.
Executive Order 13132, Federalism

The policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial direct effect on
states, on the relationship between the national government and the states, or
on the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on
state and local governments. Therefore, consultation with states is not
required.
Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments

This executive order imposes requirements on RD in the development of regulatory
policies that have Tribal implications or preempt tribal laws. RD has determined
that the rule does not, to our knowledge, have a substantial direct effect on
one or more Indian Tribe(s) or on either the relationship or the distribution of
powers and responsibilities between the Federal Government and Indian Tribes.
Thus, this rule is not subject to the requirements of Executive Order 13175. If
a Tribe determines that this rule has implications of which RD is not aware and
would like to engage with RD on this rule, please contact RD's Native American
Coordinator at (202) 690-1681 or AIAN@wdc.usda.gov
Paperwork Reduction Act

There are no reporting and recordkeeping requirements associated with this rule.

E-Government Act Compliance

RD is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to promote the use of
the Internet and other information technologies, to provide increased
opportunities for citizens to access Government information and services
electronically.
I. Background and Discussion

RD is amending numerous RD regulations in two broad areas--references to the
Farmners Home Administration and references to Bureau of Census data. For those
RD regulations affected by these two areas, RD is also making several additional
changes by updating the text with regard to applicability of the regulations to
the FSA; removing or updating outdated text, as applicable; and removing
unnecessary text.
II. Discussion of Changes
A. Farmers Home Administration (FmHA)

Many RD regulations still contain references to the Farmers Home Administration,
or FmHA, which was the predecessor agency to both RD and FSA.

FmHA references most frequently encountered in RD regulations are in reference
to forms, instructions, and addresses. RD is either removing references that are
no longer necessary or updating the FmHA references to reflect the appropriate
entity, as applicable. New references will be to RD, Agency, to the specific RD
agency (Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Rural Housing Service, Rural
Utilities Service), to the "government," or to the United States, depending on
the context of the regulation. Where necessary in individual RD regulations,
definitions have been changed or added to reflect the new reference(s).
B. Census References

Many RD regulations refer to census data as the source to be used for various
popluation-, income-, and unemployment-related data. RD is amending those
portions of its regulations that reference U.S. Bureau of Census (Census Bureau)
and its data primarily due to changes in the data being reported by the Census
Bureau in the decennial Census.

Other changes are being implemented to further consistency among RD programs in
referencing sources to be used for population-related data requirements and
provisions and to provide clarification of how provisions are implemented.
Finally, RD is removing outdated or unnecessary text.

The following paragraphs discuss these changes.

1. Census Bureau data. RD allocates the funding for a number of its programs
using formulas that rely on data supplied by the Census Bureau, frequently as
found in the decennial Census. Most RD regulations refer to this as "using the
latest census data available" or similar language.

Starting with the 2010 census, however, the Census Bureau no longer reports
income data in the decennial Census. Thus, RD needs to identify an alternative
source for income-related data.

After examining several alternative data sources, RD determined that income data
published by the Census Bureau in the American CommunitySurvey (ACS), as found
in the 5-year survey component of the ACS, provides the best source of data for
estimates of state-level income and poverty data, even though such are no longer
being published in the decennial Census. RD is also aware that the data
contained in the ACS may not meet the needs of a specific program and that the
ACS may at some point in the future be replaced or discontinued. For these
reasons, RD is using "5-year income data from the American Community Survey
(ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data" to indicate the source of the
data to be used.

In some instances, RD regulations refer to using other data sources for
income-related data if the ACS or Census Bureau data are outdated. RD is
retaining that concept where it currently exists, but modifying the language to
address the revision noted in the preceding paragraph.

2. Consistency and clarification. As described below, RD is making several
changes to create consistency between the RD programs.

a. Whenever a regulation is directing the use of the decennial Census as the
data source, RD is using "the most recent decennial Census of the United States
(decennial Census)" consistently throughout the RD regulations. This change
brings consistency among the three RD agencies and their regulations.

b. RD regulations apply not only to what most people understand as the 50 states
of the United States, but also to the U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, Guam,
American Samoa, the Marshall Islands, etc. The decennial Census does not report
population for most of these territories. Some, but not all, of the RD
regulations clearly identify how population data are to be obtained for these
other areas. To make this consistent, RD is revising text to make clear in all
its regulations the data sources to be used. Specifically, if the decennial
Census does not provide the applicable population information, then RD will
determine the applicable population data based on available population data.
C. FSA Related Changes

When they were operating as the Farmers Home Adminstration, RD and FSA shared
many regulations. With RD and FSA now separate entities, many of the regulations
in 7 CFR no longer apply to FSA. Some of these regulations have already been
identified as no longer being applicable to FSA. There are a few regulations,
however, that still need to be identified as no being applicable to FSA and RD
is adding text to that effect. The regulations are: 7 CFR 1900 subpart A, 7 CFR
1902 subpart A, and 7 CFR 1910 subpart B.
D. Outdated and/or Unnecessary Text in Those Parts and Subparts That Contain
Either Reference to Census Bureau or FmHA

Once RD identified those CFR parts that need updating with regard to references
to FmHA and the Census Bureau, RD also identified a number of other outdated or
unnecessary material, and thus is revising such material. In brief, these
changes:

Remove reference to Rand McNally and Company as an alternative source of
population data (7 CFR 1735.2, 7 CFR 1737.2);
    Remove references to a Federal Communications Commission Web site and to a
Census Tiger Map (7 CFR 1740.8(b)(1)(i) and (c)(1);
    Remove a series of Agency forms from 7 CFR 1980, Subpart E and their
conforming references. Specifically, RD will no longer publish in the CFR RD
forms identified as: (1) Appendix A, (2) Appendix B, (3) Appendix F, (4)
Exhibits A through C to Appendix I to Subpart E of Part 1980, and (5) Exhibits A
through C to Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980. The applicable forms will
continue to be available in RD offices and through RD's Web site;
    Remove reference to the year 2000 as it currently modifies "Census block" in
7 CFR 1709(b);
    Remove the first paragraph in the definition of Rural and rural area in 7
CFR 3575.1. This paragraph references Fiscal Year 1999 and is thus obsolete; and

    Update the reference to the Legislative Affairs and Public Information Staff
(LAPIS) with the Legislative and Public Affairs Staff (LAPAS) (7 CFR parts 1942,
1944, 1948, and 1980).

E. Other

For the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) program, RD is
modifying both the definition of Rural or rural area" (7 CFR 4280.3) and the
scoring criterion associated with the decline in population for the county where
the project is physically located (7 CFR 4280.42(b)(7)).

RD is modifying the definition of "Rural or rural area" for REDLG to make the
definition consistent with the definition for "rural or rural area" found in the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP), whose definition is more
comprehensive and consistent with other definitions with Rural
Business-Cooperative Service programs.

RD is modifying the identified scoring criterion by adding reference to making
the calculation using the an "equivalent time frame" in those instances where
data is used from a data source other than the decennial Census.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 119 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            February 14, 2014 Friday
                              FRI REGIONAL Edition

Rural towns get needed dough tossed their way

BYLINE: Colleen O'Connor

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 913 words


When Mike Brady opened Pelican Jo's Pizzeria in Windsor in 2011, money was so
tight he couldn't even afford a menu board. The country was battling back from
the Great Recession, and getting a bank loan seemed impossible.

"If you walked into a bank and said you wanted to open a restaurant, it was like
cockroaches when the lights went on," he said.

Help came from a surprising source: the federal farm bill, which includes a pool
of money to help improve the economic stability of rural communities and small
towns across America.

In February 2012, Brady landed a $30,000 loan from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture, which got him through the rough business start.

"That made a huge difference," he said. "Since then, we've tripled our volume
and doubled our workforce."

The farm bill, better known for funding things such as food stamps and farm
subsidies, is also the rural bill. It funds the USDA Rural Development program
the so called "venture capitalist for rural America" which helps build or
support such community essentials as fire stations, schools, libraries and
medical clinics. More than $400 million flowed into Colorado in fiscal 2013.

"It's critical to the fabric of rural Colorado," said U.S. Sen. Michael Bennet,
a Democrat in the Senate's Agriculture Committee who also served on the Farm
Bill Conference Committee. "This program enables people to have access to
resources they'd otherwise not have."

Entrepreneurs are important to rural life, and even tiny businesses are getting
help. Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program, created in 2008, provides
small loans to enterprises that have fewer than 10 employees and can't get
conventional credit.

"So many of our rural towns, particularly the one stoplight towns, are
(dominated) by small business," said U.S. Rep. Cory Gardner, R Yuma. "The local
grain operator and the hospital are usually the biggest (places), but the rest
are businesses with one or two people."

Many of the farm bill's rural development programs are designed to work with
local banks in public private partnerships, he said, and the "strong foundation"
of a USDA loan or grant often attracts support from community businesses.

In Colorado, farm bill funding for rural development has bolstered a range of
resources, including a preschool in Bayfield, a domestic abuse safehouse in
Dillon and the Axis Health System in Cortez, which provides integrated health
care services to people in Dolores and Montezuma counties.

Even the smallest amounts of money can make a huge difference.

The Milliken Fire Protection District received a $5,000 USDA grant that allowed
it to buy a new 40 kilowatt generator just installed in January to keep systems
running during a power outage.

When the power went out during a big snowstorm a few years ago, firefighters had
to pull the manual release to get the bay doors open for the trucks to get out.
Luckily, power didn't go out during the September floods, when Milliken was an
island surrounded by water for about five days and residents from mobile home
parks had to be evacuated.

"If we'd have lost power, we would have been stuck," said Fire Chief Ron
Bateman. "Beyond getting the doors open for the trucks to get out, we need the
ability to keep the engines charged up."

Computers are essential in such emergencies, especially those in fire engines
that help firefighters use mapping tools to get to a scene and to process new
information when they arrive. Parked in the bay, the engines are plugged into a
line to keep the batteries fully charged.

"That generator will allow us to run an emergency operations center and command
post," said Bateman. "That is super important for a place as small as Milliken."

In Summit County, financing from the USDA Rural Development program helped the
nonprofit Advocates for Victims of Assault to purchase space for new offices and
a new safehouse in Dillon for victims of domestic violence and sexual assault.

"We can serve more people," legal advocate Lori Schiefen said. "We also have
more storage space. Before, we didn't have any way to store food, coats and
toilet paper."

"We are a resort community," Schiefen said of Dillon, "so we have a lot of
resort workers and families here, and also there's a huge influx of people
during the ski season. Domestic violence (also) happens when people are on
vacation."

Farm bill funding also helped create the Haxtun Community Childcare Center,
which has attracted more residents.

"People would take a job in town, then come to Haxtun and ask about day care,
then not take the job," said Christi Anne Gibson, a founding board member of the
child care center.

The center got a $50,000 grant to help purchase equipment and a $50,000 loan at
a lower than market interest rate to help with operating costs during its first
few years .

"We created six jobs and now have 125 children," said Gibson. "It's attracting
(young people) back to our community."

In Windsor, Brady's eatery is thriving despite competition from seven other
pizzerias.

"We're right in the middle of the whole oil and gas boom, which has brought a
lot of employees and a lot of money into the area," he said.

But during those rough startup years, that USDA loan relieved his financial
worries. Without it, he said, "I don't know if I would have survived as a
business."

Colleen O'Connor: 303 954 1083, coconnor@denverpost.com or
twitter.com/coconnordp

How to apply

For more information about USDA loans and grants, call the Colorado Rural
Development Office at 720 544 2903.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Stacie Blake throws dough while Chris Autrey prepares a pepperoni pizza
at Pelican Jo's Pizzeria in Windsor, which got a $30,000 USDA loan in 2012.
Helen H. Richardson, The Denver Post

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 119 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright (c) 2014 Hastings Business Law Journal
                         Hastings Business Law Journal

                                  Summer, 2014

                         Hastings Business Law Journal

                           10 Hastings Bus. L.J. 451

LENGTH: 11761 words

STUDENT NOTE: Microlending: State Regulatory Reforms to Promote Economic and
Employment Growth in California

NAME: Deanna Chea*

BIO: * J.D. Candidate, University of California, Hastings College of the Law,
2014. Thank you very much to colleagues who have provided invaluable comments
and conversations regarding this Note. I also wish to express my deepest
gratitude for my tremendously loving and supportive family and friends.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  "Microcredit," synonymous with "microloans," are generally much smaller
than conventional bank loans, require no collateral or unconventional collateral
(usually insufficient to cover a lender's loss in case of default), and
borrowers are typically self-employed or informally employed.  ... Worldwide,
Accion has served 5.1 million clients in thirty-one countries through
sixty-three MFIs and has issued over $ 9.9 billion in microloans.  ... An
increasing number of commercial microcredit providers, including commercial
banks that alter their traditional lending practices, credit unions, and
commercialized NGOs licensed as financial institutions, are extending
microloans.  ... Some of these microlending organizations include MFI-focused
groups, community based organizations, credit unions, and centers at
universities.  ... Furthermore, nearly three-fourths of microentrepreneurs rely
on their businesses as their primary sources of income.  ... Loan repayment
rates are lower in U.S. markets and microlenders have failed to reach the level
of self-sufficiency and sustainability that many international MFIs have
attained.  ... While excessively high interest rates are ostensibly an
undesirable feature of microloans from these private lenders, the exemption
brings attention to the need for more microlending.

HIGHLIGHT: Microlending has earned a great deal of acclaim for alleviating
poverty and facilitating self-sufficiency among entrepreneur recipients of
microloans, particularly in developing countries. The microlending structure has
been repeatedly replicated and tailored to successfully meet each community's
unique needs. As one of the most socio-economically, geographically, and
culturally diverse states in the United States, California can reap the benefits
of microlending with careful development of proper infrastructure. This note
examines the history of microlending, provides an overview of the current
economic state of California, and proposes a number of state legislative and
regulatory reforms to create a sustainable and robust microlending framework. In
arguing that microlending is an effective potential tool to facilitate optimal
economic recovery and growth, post-housing bubble recession, this paper seeks to
promote further research and exploration of microlending in the California
context.

TEXT:
 [*451]  I. INTRODUCTION

 Microlending is a single financial product under the larger umbrella of
microfinance - the provision of formal financial services to those in poverty
and others who are systematically excluded from the traditional financial
system. n1 Microfinance embraces a broad array of credit products, as well as
savings, money transfers, and insurance. n2  [*452]  "Microcredit," synonymous
with "microloans," are generally much smaller than conventional bank loans,
require no collateral or unconventional collateral (usually insufficient to
cover a lender's loss in case of default), and borrowers are typically
self-employed or informally employed. n3

   While the microfinance and microcredit phenomena are more frequently
associated with efforts to end poverty abroad, microlending has great potential
in California. As one of the most robust and socio economically, geographically,
and culturally diverse states in the country, microcredit is particularly
well-suited to promote self-sufficiency among low-income Californians, stimulate
the state's economy, and provide a sustainable, profitable, socially conscious
local investment tool. This note provides a history of microlending, an analysis
of California's economic and employment conditions, and proposes legislative and
regulatory reforms that will aid in achieving these outcomes in the California
context.

   II. BACKGROUND

   A. Microcredit in Developing Countries

   1. History

 Microlending has existed for hundreds of years. n4 Accion International
("Accion"), a premier microfinance organization, and Muhummad Yunus, the founder
of the Grameen Bank, however, both claim to have independently pioneered the
concept of microcredit. n5

   In 1973, an organization under Accion began issuing small loans to
micro-entrepreneurs in Brazil after observing that the major cause of poverty in
Latin America was a lack of economic opportunity. n6 The experiment was a
success with a repayment rate of 99.5 percent. n7 Within four years, 885 loans
were issued, creating or stabilizing over 1,300 new jobs. n8 Over the following
decade, Accion successfully  [*453]  extended its microfinance programs to
thirteen other countries in Latin America, with a repayment rate of ninety-seven
percent. n9 As of February 2013, Accion operates an expansive network with
presence in Latin American and the Caribbean, Africa, Asia, and the United
States. n10

   In the 1970s, Yunus began a pilot program in his native country of
Bangladesh. n11 The program issued small loans to poor, rural women to fund
their entrepreneurial endeavors in order to create self-sustaining sources of
income. n12 To participate, the women were required to join a small group,
attend regular meetings, and adhere to the program's guidelines. n13 Unlike
conventional lending models that require borrowers to meet a standard set of
criteria establishing creditworthiness in addition to traditional collateral,
the program employed a peer lending approach. n14 All members were held jointly
accountable to one another in the event that a single member defaulted. n15 The
pilot project was a success: It turned out that the women were highly reliable
borrowers, resourceful entrepreneurs, and invested in the health and well-being
of their families. n16

   2. Success

 With commercial banks in developing countries serving less than twenty percent
of the population, n17 microcredit programs are critical in providing access to
basic financial services, otherwise unavailable through conventional banking
institutions, to the poor. n18 The primary purposes behind microlending are to
allow recipients to create an asset base, enhance their income, and protect
themselves against risk of income flow interruption. n19 Loans are typically
used for income generating activities, including small-scale enterprise
development and agriculture. n20

    [*454]  Since Yunus' pilot project and the development of Accion,
microfinancing has evolved to cover a menu of banking and financial services,
including savings accounts, consumption/emergency loans, insurance, and business
education. n21 These products, in addition to Yunus's peer-lending microcredit
model, have since been replicated around the world. n22 Millions of
microentrepreneurs have received billions of dollars in microloans to start and
expand their businesses. n23 With repayment rates of over ninety percent, these
microlenders have enjoyed great success and have become self-sufficient. n24

   Celebrated as a tool to eliminate poverty, microcredit has gained high esteem
and recognition abroad. n25 The U.N. declared the year 2005 to be the
International Year of Microcredit; Muhammad Yunus and the Grameen Bank were
co-recipients of the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006 for economic and social
development; and Yunus was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2009 for
his work in poverty alleviation. n26 Worldwide, Accion has served 5.1 million
clients in thirty-one countries through sixty-three MFIs and has issued over $
9.9 billion in microloans. n27 The Grameen Foundation has helped 9.4 million
microentrepreneurs internationally and enjoys a repayment rate between
ninty-five percent and ninety-eight percent. n28

   3. Current State

 Today, nongovernmental organizations ("NGOs") and donor groups comprise the
majority of microlenders in developing countries. n29 An increasing number of
commercial microcredit providers, including commercial banks that alter their
traditional lending practices, credit unions, and commercialized NGOs licensed
as financial institutions, are extending microloans. n30 Microfinance
institutions ("MFIs") are formal institutions primarily in the business of
providing financial services to  [*455]  the poor. n31 Most seek funding from
international development banks, the government, and to a smaller degree,
private investors, in order to secure self-sufficiency. n32

   B. Microcredit in the United States

   1. History

 Similarly modeled after Accion and the Grameen Bank, microlending in the United
States began in the 1980s. n33 By the early 1990s, MFIs spread throughout the
country, leading a presence of at least 108 nonprofit leaders, in addition to
state and national trade associations. n34 In 1991, the Small Business
Administration recognized microenterprise as its own category of business and
established the Microloan Demonstration Project. n35 By 1995, however, no
microlender broke even in their microlending efforts, essentially operating as a
charity. n36 In 1999, the Program for Investment in Microentrepreneurs ("PRIME")
Act was passed, increasing federal funding for microlending programs, but
funding was drastically cut during the Bush administration from 2001 to 2005.
n37

   The presence of microbusinesses in the United States, defined as businesses
with zero to four employees, has grown significantly. n38 Between 2002 and 2009,
the number of microbusinesses increased 16.96 percent, growing from 21.5 million
to 25.1 million. n39 Additionally, the country experienced a steady growth in
the presence of microbusinesses from 86.7 percent to 88.19 percent over this
time period. n40

[*456]

   2. Current State

 In 2009, the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act ("ARRA") expanded the SBA's
Microloan program, designating an additional $ 50 million for loans and $ 24
million for technical assistance. n41 The fiscal year 2009 appropriated $ 20
million for loans and $ 20 million for technical assistance. n42 Microlenders
may receive up to $ 3.5 million in low-cost loans from the SBA to finance their
lending to small businesses. n43 Funds under this Act have averaged $ 3.1
million over 2010 and 2011. n44

   The overwhelming majority of microcreditors in the U.S. are non-profit
organizations that serve as local intermediaries for federal funds. n45 Some of
these microlending organizations include MFI-focused groups, community based
organizations, credit unions, and centers at universities. n46 The Accion U.S.
Network is the largest U.S. microlending network, having issued over 43,000
loans and $ 350 million since its inception in 1994. n47 The average loan size
from Accion U.S. is $ 10,049. n48 The organization has enjoyed a loan repayment
rate of ninty percent. n49 Accion East and West Online, part of the Accion U.S.
Network, issues loans with interest rates between eight percent and fifteen
percent, which are more costly than prime-rate commercial loans, but far more
affordable than financing with credit cards, invoice factoring companies, or
payday loans. n50 Grameen America is one of the fastest growing MFIs in the U.S.
n51 Since its inception in 2008, Grameen America has invested $ 66.2 million in
13,565 loan recipients. n52 Its interest rate is fifteen percent on a declining
balance. n53 The organization reports repayment information to credit bureaus,
[*457]  thereby improving borrowers' credit scores. n54

   A smaller number of nonprofit organizations operate independently from the
government. n55 Generally, U.S. microlenders do not adopt the peer lending
approaches that are used by lenders abroad. n56

   Alternative microlending structures have emerged in recent years. n57 Kiva
and MicroPlace are two leading, exclusively online, platforms that make
microloans available to individual lenders and to microentrepreneurs. n58 Kiva
adopts a "person-to-person" lending model, whereby lenders select a cause of
their choice and lend as little as $ 25. n59 Lenders can monitor the progress of
their loan recipient via email updates. n60 As the principal funds are returned
to the lender, the money becomes available to relend or withdraw as the lender
wishes. n61 Lenders do not receive an additional return or interest for money
loaned. n62 Thus, Kiva essentially operates as a nonprofit intermediary in an
informal lending setting.

   MicroPlace, on the other hand, offers investment opportunities for individual
lenders for as low as $ 20. n63 Under MicroPlace, an additional intermediary is
added to the lending process. MicroPlace connects individual lenders to
organizations, or "issuers," who offer short-term notes for purchase. n64 The
issuers then forward the proceeds to microborrowers for use in their
enterprises. n65 Borrowers' loans generate interest between 0.5 percent to 4.5
percent after the notes mature; loans mature between three months and to five
years. n66 Issuers include privately operated, nonprofit, and cooperative
organizations. n67

   As of April 2011, there are approximately 25.5 million microbusinesses in the
United States. n68 Despite this growing presence, a  [*458]  significant portion
of microentrepreneurs remain underserved, particularly women, Black, Latino, and
Native American owned businesses. n69 Furthermore, nearly three-fourths of
microentrepreneurs rely on their businesses as their primary sources of income.
n70 As of 2009, less than one percent of microentrepreneurs have received
microloans to date. n71 Loan repayment rates are lower in U.S. markets and
microlenders have failed to reach the level of self-sufficiency and
sustainability that many international MFIs have attained. n72

   Surveys of microentrepreneurs, however, show that strong employment is
generated by microenterprises. n73 In 2008, forty-five percent of
microentrepreneurs reported paying employees or contractors to work in their
business. n74 Excluding owners, these businesses provided, on average, 2.2 jobs
per business. n75 Five-year group data shows even more promising data: Fifty-two
percent of owners provided an average of 2.5 jobs per business. n76 Thirty-nine
percent of those who reported full or part time status of the positions created
in 2008 reported that the jobs were full-time positions. n77 Furthermore, about
half of those who provided employment reported data on payments. n78 For that
group, the median hourly wage was $ 10.00 - fifty-three percent higher than the
federal minimum wage of $ 6.55. n79 The mean wage was $ 13.00. While thirty-six
percent below the median hourly wage of $ 15.57, the median is substantially
higher than the federal minimum. n80

[*459]

   C. Microcredit in California

 Microloans funded by the U.S. Small Business Administration ("SBA") are issued
through fourteen local intermediaries scattered throughout California. n81 These
intermediaries are nonprofit, community-based organizations experienced in
lending and business management assistance. n82 Loans through the SBA are
available up to $ 50,000 for the purpose of assisting small businesses and
certain not-for-profit childcare centers start up and expand. n83 The average
microloan is $ 13,000. n84 Loan recipients may use the proceeds for working
capital, inventory or supplies, furniture or fixtures, or machinery or
equipment, but may not use it to pay existing debts or purchase real estate. n85
Eligibility for the microloans depend on the criteria set by microlenders, which
generally require some form of collateral in addition to a personal guarantee
from the business owner. n86 These intermediaries also determine repayment
terms, interest rates, and fees, however the maximum repayment term is limited
to six years. Interest rates are typically between eight percent and thirteen
percent. n87 Some lenders require applicants to meet training or planning
requirements in order for applications to be considered. n88

   Some online microfinance platforms are headquartered in California, but many
provide microloans virtually. n89 Certain private microlenders in California
operate as licensed lenders, who are permitted to make commercial loans without
being subject to California's usury provision in the state Constitution. n90
These lenders can charge interest rates as high as one hundred and forty-nine
percent for a $ 6,000 loan in addition to a $ 1,500 loan fee. n91

    [*460]  California saw a recent expansion of the microenterprise sector. n92
The number of microbusinesses increased from 2.7 million to 3.2 million or 16.85
percent, from 2002 to 2009, with the total number of microbusinesses hovering
closely around eighty-nine percent of the number of total firms. n93 Other
measures of microenterprise growth support these findings, including tax-return
data indicating a 25.8-percent growth, and Employment Development Department
("EDD") provided population survey data showing a 16.53 percent increase between
2000 and 2007. n94

   Microenterprises in California make significant impacts on the state's
employment rates. In 2009, 23.3 percent of total employment in California was in
microenterprises, slightly higher than the national rate of twenty-two percent.
n95 Between 2000 and 2007, the number of employees in microenterprises increased
by twenty-six percent. n96 Approximately seventy-nine percent of this increase
was attributed to growth in self-employed. n97 Additionally, microenterprises in
rural counties employ a larger share of the workforce at 23.5 percent than
microenterprises in urban counties at 18.7 percent. n98 These data indicate that
microenterprises and small businesses contribute to employment growth at a
greater degree than larger businesses.

   D. Projected Job Needs

 As of 2011, employees in microbusinesses had strong presence in the following
industries as compared to larger businesses:

   . Real Estate and Rental and Leasing: 19.19 percent

   . Professional and Technical Services: 11.26 percent

   . Other Services (Repair and Maintenance; Personal and Laundry  [*461]
Services; Religious, Civic, Professional & Similar; Private Households): 48.21
percent

   . Non-classifiable Establishments: 91.02 percent n99

   The total number of employees in microbusinesses comprise 10.56 percent of
the overall service industry. n100 The highest long-term job growth in
California between 2010 and 2020 is projected to be in the Professional and
Business Services industry, with Other Services as the 10th highest projected
job growth area. n101 Similarly, the highest short-term job growth area in
California between 2011 and 2013 is projected to be Professional and Business
Services, with Other Services as the 11th highest projected job growth. n102
With high rates of current and projected employment presence of
microenterprises, particularly in the service industries, California provides
fertile ground for increased economic growth through greater development of the
microenterprise sector. Furthermore, recent economic analyses suggest that
start-ups impact job growth more significantly than mature small businesses,
contrary to common belief that small businesses are the largest engines of job
growth. n103

   Of particular note is that California possesses very region specific
industries, unique from other states. n104 A recent report found that, "with
agriculture in the Central Valley and high tech in the Bay Area, entertainment
and foreign trade in Southern California and tourism in coastal and mountain
locales, the state's regions are known for their distinct economies. These
regions possess different strengths, demographic profiles, housing prices,
climates, and unemployment challenges." n105

[*462]

   III. ANALYSIS

   A. Current Regulation

   1. Federal

 Microlenders in the U.S. are largely unregulated. n106 Currently, there is no
governmental body dedicated to the regulation of microlenders. n107 The bulk of
microlenders in the U.S. operate as nonprofits. n108 As such, they are primarily
subject to IRS regulations governing for nonprofits and state level small
business and consumer protection regulations. n109 Nonprofits that participate
in the SBA's Microloan program are subject to its rules under the PRIME Act.
n110 The Act authorizes the SBA to make grants to qualified intermediaries, and
details the parameters of participating organizations, amounts of award
allocations, and length of funding, etc. n111 The Act, however, only affects
microlenders that participate in the SBA's Microloan program. n112 Microlenders
must also meet accreditation standards, such as undergoing a certification
process to become a Community Development Financial Institution. n113
Furthermore, the Association for Enterprise Opportunity ("AEO"), a national
trade association for microbusinesses, has established a guide of minimal
standards for which lenders should adhere, relating to lending, training,
performance, governance, management issues, and financial soundness. n114

   The Community Reinvestment Act ("CRA") of 1977 was passed to encourage
private banks to serve low-income communities and their credit needs by
partnering with MFIs and though other means. n115 The CRA required that banking
industry regulators consider whether banks offered such services in low-income
communities as part of their duties to rank banks. n116 Congress also passed the
CRA because the government was unable to maintain certain community programs
without support  [*463]  from the private sector. n117 While the CRA has
assisted in serving communities that have been traditionally unable to access
common banking services, it is still significantly limited in lending to
low-income borrowers. n118 Banks set their own compliance goals for the CRA,
there are no specific pass or no-pass thresholds, and regulators have wide
latitude in determining a bank's compliance. n119 For these and other reasons,
the CRA is regarded as highly ineffective in achieving its goals of assisting
low-income communities. n120

   Private banks partnered with MFIs, and in compliance with the CRA, are
subject to the same regulations as any traditional bank. n121 Under these
regulations, interest rate ceilings and the possibility of excessive interest
rates serve as two primary impediments to MFIs attaining self-sufficiency or
profitability. n122 Interest rate ceilings hinder the ability of MFIs to become
profitable by limiting the greatest opportunity for revenue generation. n123
Usury laws prohibit excessive interest rates; however, states enact these
regulations. n124 Most state usury laws cap interest rates at 10 percent. n125

   Capital holding requirements also present impairments to achieving success
with microlending in the private sector. n126 Capital holding requirements
necessitate that banks hold a certain amount of capital against each loan they
distribute according to the level of risk that loans carry - the greater the
risk, the greater the required holding. n127 The Basel Committee on Banking
Supervision is a group comprised of central banks and supervisory authorities
from different countries that promulgate the Basel Capital Accord ("Basel III").
Basel III requires banks to hold a total of 8 percent of their "risk-weighted
assets" (such as loans) and "asset-equivalent off-balance sheet exposures" (such
as loan commitments). n128 This total is slated to increase to 10.5 percent
between  [*464]  2013 and 2019 by 2.5 percent, designated as a capital
conservation buffer, which is established above the regulatory minimum capital
requirement. n129 These capital requirements impede loan origination by
discouraging banks from issuing high risk loans. n130 The Basel Committee
recognized the inherent complexities of compliance with Basel III against the
overall framework of microfinance. n131 The Committee issued a consultation
report clarifying the general application of Basel Core Principles of Basel III
and a range of practices on regulating and supervising microfinance activities,
however, it does not alter any provision in Basel III. n132

   2. California

 Currently, California provides several regulatory incentives and rewards for
microentrepreneurs by way of small business funding appropriations, tax credits,
loan guarantees, inclusion of qualified microlenders to the California Capital
Access Program ("CalCAP"), and increases to loan reporting requirements, but
provides few microenterprise-specific regulations.

   The California Small Business Financial Development Corporation Law ("Law")
authorizes the formation of small business financial developments corporations
to grant loans or loan guarantees to stimulate small business development. n133
The Law also created the California Small Business Board ("Board") and the
California Small Business Expansion Fund ("Expansion Fund"). n134 The Board
consists of the Secretary of Business, Transportation and Housing, six members
actively involved in the California small business community, two members
actively involved in the business or agricultural communities, and two members
of the California Legislature. n135 The Board is tasked with advising the
Executive Director, approving new corporations recommended by the director,
holding public hearings, and advising the state Governor and small business
advocates regarding issues affecting  [*465]  California's small business
community. n136 The Expansion Fund, operative in 2018, authorizes the State
Treasury to pay out all or a portion of the funds to a lending institution or
financial company that acts as trustee of the funds. n137 The Expansion Fund is
appropriated to pay for defaulted loan guarantees, administrative costs of
corporations, and costs necessary to protect a real property interest in a
defaulted loan or guarantee. n138

   In February of 2013, Assembly Bill 780 was introduced to appropriate $ 2
million from the General Fund to financial development corporations for use in
ongoing administrative operations. n139 The amendment would also make specified
declarations of legislative intent regarding the oversight and duties of the
Governor's Office of Business and Economic Development. n140 Assembly Bill 201
was passed in October of 2013, which requires the Office to post on its website
information regarding its direct lending, loan guarantee, and other programs,
providing greater access to lending information. n141

   Effective January 1, 2009, a new California tax credit is available for
additional full-time employees hired by small businesses of twenty or fewer
employees; n142 a credit of up to $ 3,000 is available. n143 On March 4, 2013,
California allocated $ 400 million for this particular tax credit. n144 To date,
small business employers have filed 8,668 Personal Income Tax ("PIT") returns
and 15,677 Business Entity ("BE") tax returns. n145 Steady growth of both PIT
and BE tax returns since the introduction of the New Jobs Tax Credits have
generated tax credits totaling nearly $ 145 million. n146 With a 6032 percent
growth rate in the number of its first new tax credit claims in 2010, and a 9462
percent growth rate in the aggregate of tax credits, n147 California should
anticipate a rise in not only tax credits and PIT and BE tax return claims, but
new employment.

   Administered by the California Business, Transportation & Housing Agency, the
California Small Business Loan Guarantee  [*466]  Program ("SBLGP") was
reinstated following former-Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger's elimination of the
funds from the state budget. n148 The SLGBP allows small businesses to obtain a
loan if they do not otherwise qualify for traditional loans. n149 Loan proceeds
must be used primarily in California, but are permitted for use in standard
business practices. n150 Guarantees may cover up to ninety percent of the loan
amount, but must not exceed $ 500,000. n151 Interest rates are set by the
intermediary. n152 In order to obtain a loan, potential borrowers must apply
through a Financial Development Corporation ("FDC"), an intermediary, and must
employ fewer than five hundred employees. n153

   The California Capital Access Program ("CalCAP") was introduced in 1994 as an
effort to encourage banks and other financial institutions to make loans to
small businesses that have difficulty obtaining traditional financing. n154
Qualified borrowers must have fewer than five hundred employees. n155 Lenders
under the Program have loaned a total of about $ 2.07 billion since inception.
n156 In addition, an influx of $ 84.3 million from the State Small Business
Credit Initiative ("SSBCI") allows California lenders the opportunity to gain
support for years ahead. n157 There are four general programs within CalCAP.
n158 First, the loan insurance portfolio provides up to one hundred percent
coverage of certain loan defaults, such that lenders can securely issue loans to
what they traditionally consider riskier or high risk borrowers. n159 Secondly,
CalCAP offers up to fifty percent cash for collateral support to cover
collateral shortfalls of loans of $ 100,000 or more. n160 Third, the Program has
partnered with the California Air Resources Board to provide up to  [*467]  one
hundred percent coverage on repayment defaults for loans used to finance
heavy-duty trucks, busses, and aerodynamic technologies. n161 Lastly, certain
qualified business owners may receive grant money to purchase newer, energy
compliant vehicles under CalCAP's Proposition 1B Loan Assistance Program. n162

   The recent passage of AB 901 expanded the definition of financial
institutions within CalCAP to include small business financial development
corporations and microbusiness lenders. n163 AB 981 was also recently passed to
provide extra incentives within CalCAP for lenders to lend to small businesses,
including expanding the financial institution definition to include insured
depository institutions, insured credit unions, and Community Development
Financial Institutions ("CDFIs"). n164

   As previously stated, the federal government defers regulations on usury to
the states. California's complex usury laws provide a number of exemptions under
several code sections. n165 Of particular relevance is its exemption of licensed
lending institutions, which include banks, savings and loans, credit unions,
finance companies, and pawnbrokers. n166 These institutions engage in the
business of making consumer or commercial loans and are registered with the
California Department of Corporations. n167 This exemption permits some private
lenders to charge higher interest on microloans. n168 While excessively high
interest rates are ostensibly an undesirable feature of microloans from these
private lenders, the exemption brings attention to the need for more
microlending. Furthermore, market forces responding to microlending needs may
result in greater competition and thereby, lowered interest rates.

   IV. RECOMMENDATIONS

 California appears to recognize the socioeconomic significance of growing the
microcredit industry within the state, as the wealth of recent legislative and
trade-association attention has been drawn to  [*468]  expanding small
businesses. Despite these advances, California has yet to concentrate on better
developing its MFIs to sustainable, profitable, and accessible levels. The
following recommendations advocate for regulatory reforms closely tailored to
the needs of microentrepreneurs who seek funding and the business of providing
those funds.

   A. Increased Studies on the Impact of Small Business Legislation on
Microcredit

 While there is an abundance of recent activity and legislative attention paid
toward small businesses in California, there is minimal mention of
microenterprise-specific legislation. n169 It appears that studies have yet to
be published on the impact of broader small business laws on microlending in
California. n170 Furthermore, there is a greater lack of information on the
economy in the Central Valley, an integral portion of the state with a
flourishing agricultural industry. n171 The Central Valley region has been
particularly hard hit in the post-recession recovery phase. n172 Thus, thorough
research of the Central Valley is necessary to optimize the potential for
economic improvement in that segment and throughout the state. Research
regarding job growth and training potential through microenterprise development
may be especially helpful in moving California toward full recovery.

   B. Shift to Privatization of Microlending through State Usury Laws

 There is no shortage of philosophies as to the appropriate levels of government
involvement in microlending. Muhammad Yunus strongly believes that government
regulation of microfinance and lending should be tempered and MFIs should be
regulated more loosely, similarly to credit unions. n173 As the bulk of
microcredit services in California are primarily provided through charitable
organizations, backed with  [*469]  federal funds, sustainability and long-term
growth are serious questions worthy of at least partial privatization.
California usury and lending laws should encourage microlending-specific
activities in order to attain sustainability. n174

   California should provide commercial entities with microlending-specific
usury regulations that would allow them to be profitable. Appropriate interest
rate caps that exceed the typical interest rates established for consumer loans
(as microentrepreneurs are operating with limited, consumer-level resources),
but are not onerously high ensure that long-term implosion of the
microenterprise industry is kept at bay. In an effort to transition away from
reliance on federal funds, California must recognize through specific
legislation that a greater portion of privatization of microlending is
necessary.

   C. Graduated State Tax Incentives for Microlenders and Microentrepreneurs

 California provides state tax incentives only for microborrowers who expand the
number of their full-time employment positions. n175 Depending on the lending
model, California must incentivize not only microentrepreneurs, but individual
and institutional direct lenders. Either a declining model, whereby the initial
periods of investment produce the greatest tax benefits that decline over a
period of several years, or a sunset provision, can safeguard against abuse or
shrinking tax revenue.

   Under the person-to-person investing model, such as MicroPlace's approach,
whether managed by a nonprofit organization or commercial institution, the state
should provide exemptions to investors who enjoy capital gains from lending to
microentrepreneurs. Consistent with the notion of amended state usury laws,
commercial MFIs will be able to enjoy CRA compliance, as well as profitability
from the origination of microloans.

   D. Heavier Emphasis on Region Based Microlending Support

 While federal funds for microloans are primarily funneled through
intermediaries scattered throughout California regions, there must be particular
emphasis on providing infrastructure, training, and education that is unique to
the needs of all serviced areas. Because every region  [*470]  possesses unique
socioeconomic and geographic characteristics, the needs of each distinctive
region will differ tremendously. While there is funding and support available in
training and assistance, California must ensure that it is accessible to
microentrepreneurs, both in practical terms as well as in terms of cultural
competency.

   V. CONCLUSION

 The concept of microfinance has seen great success abroad over its nearly fifty
years of established development. n176 As it has more recently transitioned to
the United States, we have yet to determine precisely how far microlending can
or will drive the American economy. Further, in light of the 2007 to 2009
housing bubble and the fact that the United States, and California in
particular, operates on very different socioeconomic, regulatory, and
legislative climates than the countries that have been successful with
microlending, it is difficult to predict California's rate of success. However,
with regulatory reform, microcredit in California is more likely to reach its
true potential. California must start with several changes. First, greater
studies on the issue of microlending in California is the first step in
permitting the state to best fine tune its regulations to meet the needs of
Californians, thereby driving economic recovery. Second, at least partial
transition into privatization of the industry is necessary in order to build a
self-sustaining microlending model. In addition, a carefully tailored set of tax
incentives to microlenders, intermediaries, and micro borrowers will increase
the likelihood of sustainability of the microcredit industry in California.
Finally, a stronger emphasis on regional-based microlending support must be made
available to microborrowers. Without recognizing the unique economy of
California, the microcredit industry will be inhibited from achieving more
optimum levels of sustainability and profitability.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Contracts LawNegotiable InstrumentsEnforcementDefensesStatutes of
LimitationsContracts LawSecured TransactionsGeneral OverviewInternational Trade
LawGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  CGAP, A Guide to Regulation and Supervision of Microfinance: Consensus
Guidelines, 4 (CGAP/World Bank, October 2012), available at
http://www.cgap.org/sites/default/files/Consensus-Guideline-A-Guide-to-Regulatio
n-and-Supervision-of-Microfinance-Oct-2012_0.pdf.





n2.  Id.





n3.  CGAP, supra note 1, at 6.





n4.  Sana Khan, Poverty Reduction Efforts: Does Microcredit Help?, 29 SAIS Rev.
no. 2, 147 (Summer-Fall 2009).





n5.  Molly Richardson, Increasing Microlending Potential in the United States
Through a Strategic Approach to Regulatory Reform, 34 Iowa J. Corp. L. 923
(2009), 926-27.





n6.  Accion's History - 1970s: Microlending Begins, Accion,
http://www.accion.org/page.aspx?pid=797 (last visited February 24, 2013).





n7.  Id.





n8.  Id.





n9.  Id.





n10.  Where We Work, Accion, http://www.accion.org/wherewework (last visited
Feb. 24, 2013).





n11.  Rebekah J. Salt, Exploring Women's Participation in a U.S. Microcredit
Program, 42 Journal of Nursing Scholarship no. 3, 270-71 (2010).





n12.  Id.





n13.  Id.





n14.  Id.





n15.  Id.





n16.  Id.





n17.  Richardson, supra note 5, at 924.





n18.  Khan, supra note 4, at 148.





n19.  Id.





n20.  Id.





n21.  James C. Brau & Gary M. Woller, Microfinance: A Comprehensive Review of
the Existing Literature, 9 Journal of Entrepreneurial Fin. & Bus. Ventures 1,
1-27.





n22.  Brau, supra note 21, at 21-27.





n23.  Richardson, supra note 5, at 925.





n24.  Id. at 924.





n25.  Salt, supra note 11, at 270-71.





n26.  Id.





n27.  Our Impact, Accion (Mar. 7, 2013, 7:21 PM),
http://www.accion.org/keystatistics.





n28.  Our Impact, Grameen Foundation, Frequently Asked Questions about
Microfinance, Grameen Foundation (Mar. 7, 7:50 PM),
http://www.grameenfoundation.org/sites/default/files/Microfinance-FAQ.pdf.





n29.  Richardson, supra note 5, at 927.





n30.  Id.





n31.  CGAP, supra note 1, at 6.





n32.  Richardson, supra note 5, at 927.





n33.  Richardson, supra note 5, at 929.





n34.  Id. See Olivia L. Walker, The Future of Microlending in the United States:
A Shift from Charity to Profits? 6 Entrepren. Bus. L.J. 383, 385 (2011).





n35.  Id. at 383.





n36.  Id. at 385-86.





n37.  Id. at 386.





n38.  See Microenterprise Business State-Level Analysis 2002-2008,
http://aeoworks.org/images/uploads/pages/MEBS207-year20Analysis202002-2008.pdf;
see also Microenterprise Business Statistics in the United States,
http://aeoworks.org/images/uploads/fact_sheets/US-MEBS-2009.pdf.





n39.  Id.





n40.  Id.





n41.  Small Business Association, Release No. 09-59, News Release, Recovery Act
Expands SBA Microloan Program (Aug. 19, 2009),
http://www.recovery.gov/News/press/Documents/news_release_09-59[1].pdf.





n42.  Small Business Association, supra note 41.





n43.  Id.





n44.  Walker, supra note 34, at 386.





n45.  Id. See also Richardson, supra note 5, at 929.





n46.  Richardson, supra note 5, at 930; Walker, supra note 35, at 386.





n47.  About Accion, Accion (Mar. 7, 2013, 1:30 PM),
http://us.accion.org/about-accion; Where We Work, Accion (Mar. 7, 2013, 2:23
PM), http://www.accion.org/usa.





n48.  Id.





n49.  Id.





n50.  Microfinance FAQs, Accion East and Online (Mar. 7, 2013, 1:48 PM),
http://www.
accionusa.org/home/support-accion/about-accion/microfinance-faq.aspx.





n51.  FAQ, Grameen America (Mar. 7, 2013, 2:03 PM),
http://grameenamerica.org/faq.





n52.  Impact, Grameen America (Mar. 7, 2013, 2:03 PM),
http://grameenamerica.org/impact.





n53.  FAQ, supra note 51.





n54.  Id.





n55.  Walker, supra note 34, at 387.





n56.  Id.





n57.  A close look at online funding for microfinance, Working Capital for
Community Needs, (Mar. 1, 2013, 10:52 AM), http://wccn.org/node/438.





n58.  Id.





n59.  Lend, Kiva (Mar. 1, 2013, 10:59 AM), http://www.kiva.org/lend.





n60.  How Kiva Works, Kiva (Mar. 1, 2013, 10:59 AM),
http://www.kiva.org/about/how.





n61.  Id.





n62.  Id.





n63.  How it Works, Microplace (Mar. 2, 7:46 PM),
https://www.microplace.com/howitworks.





n64.  Id.





n65.  Id.





n66.  Id.





n67.  Issuers, Microplace (Mar. 2, 7:46 PM),
https://www.microplace.com/howitworks/issuers. (Issuers are Calvert Foundation,
FINCA International, Inc., MicroCredit Enterprises, Oikocredit USA, Shared
Interest, Inc., and Working Capital for Community Needs ("WCCN").)





n68.  Underserved Entrepreneur Index, Association for Enterprise Opportunity
(AEO),
http://www.aeoworks.org/pdf/underserved_entrepreneur_indextm_april_28_2011.pdf.





n69.  Id. (Seventy percent of all businesses produce revenues under $ 100
thousand. Eighty-seven percent of women-, Black-, and Native American-owned
businesses, and 81 of Hispanic-owned businesses generate less than $ 100
thousand. These groups are systematically underserved).





n70.  Opinion Poll: The Role of Micro Businesses in Our Economy, Association for
Enterprise Opportunity (AEO),
http://aeoworks.org/images/uploads/fact_sheets/Opinion_Poll_-_The_Role_of_Micro_
Businesses_in_Our_Economy.pdf.





n71.  Bill Burrus, Lessons and Trends of Microcredit in the United States 9
(2005), available at http://www.accion.org/Document.Doc?id=51.





n72.  Richardson, supra note 5, at 929.





n73.  Microenterprises and Employment: 2009 Client Outcomes, Field Trendlines
Series, Issue 2, August 2010, at 2.





n74.  Id.





n75.  Id.





n76.  Id.





n77.  Id.





n78.  Id.





n79.  Id. at 3.





n80.  Id.





n81.  Participating Intermediary Microlenders Report, Small Business
Administration Partner Identification & Management System, U.S. Small Business
Administration (Mar. 1, 2013, 10:43 AM),
http://www.sba.gov/sites/default/files/Microloan20Intermediary20Listing202012103
1.pdf.





n82.  Participating Intermediary Microlenders Report, supra note 81.





n83.  Microloan Program, U.S. Small Business Administration (Mar. 1, 2013, 10:46
AM), http://www.sba.gov/content/microloan-program.





n84.  Id.





n85.  Id.





n86.  Id.





n87.  Id.





n88.  Id.





n89.  See How Kiva Works, Kiva (Mar. 1, 2013, 10:59 AM),
http://www.kiva.org/about/how; How it works, Microplace (Mar. 2, 7:46 PM),
https://www.microplace.com/howitworks.





n90.  CA Emp't of Corp., About, California Finance Lenders, available at
http://www.corp.ca.gov/Laws/Finance_Lenders/About.asp.





n91.  Current Rates, CashCall Micro Business Loans, (Mar. 6, 2013, 11:03 AM),
http://www.cashcallbusiness.com/Default.aspx?aboutus=1.





n92.  Microenterprise Business State-Level Analysis 2002-2008, supra note 38.





n93.  Id.





n94.  Memo to Senator Leland Yee, Microenterprises in the Economy, available at
http://www.microbiz.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/2010-09_CA-SOR_MicroEnterpris
esintheEconomy-Report.pdf (Jun. 23, 2010) ("Employees" include salaried or wage
workers (on payroll, including owners taking a wage or salary), microenterprise
owners not take a wage or salary, and the self-employed not taking a wage or
salary from the business).





n95.  Microenterprise Employment Statistics in the United States,
http://aeoworks.org/images/uploads/fact_sheets/US-MEES-2009.pdf.





n96.  Memo to Senator Leland Yee, Microenterprises in the Economy, supra note
52, at 10.





n97.  Id.





n98.  Office of Research, California Senate, Policy Briefs, Microenterprises
Give California's Economy a Boost,
http://www.sor.govoffice3.com/vertical/Sites/7B3BDD1595-792B-4D20-8D44-626EF0564
8C77D/uploads/7B02CED07F-4566-454F-80B3-3845E35B56947D.pdf.





n99.  State of Cal. Emp't Dev. Dep't, Size of Business Data-2002-present, Number
of Employees by Size Category (2011), available at
http://www.recovery.gov/News/press/Documents/news_release_09-59[1].pdf.





n100.  Id.





n101.  State of Cal. Emp't Dev. Dep't, Projections of Employment by Industry and
Occupation, California Industry Employment Projections 2010-2020 (July 19,
2012), available at http://www.calmis.ca.gov/file/indproj/cal$ indnarr.pdf.





n102.  State of CA Emp't Dev. Dep't, Projections of Employment by Industry and
Occupation, California Industry Employment Projections 2011 Third Quarter - 2013
Third Quarter (June 18, 2012), available at
http://www.calmis.ca.gov/file/indproj/cal$ indnarr-2011-2013.pdf.





n103.  Martin A. Sullivan, Start-Ups, Not Small Businesses, Are Key to Job
Creation, Tax Analysis, 158 (Jan. 2012).





n104.  Think Long Committee for California, Jobs, Infrastructure & the
Workforce, 7 (Sept. 2011), available at
http://www.microbiz.org/wp-content/uploads/2011/04/ThinkLong-California-Economy-
Report-Sept2011.pdf.





n105.  Id. at 13.





n106.  Walker, supra note 34, at 388.





n107.  Richardson, supra note 5, at 931.





n108.  Walker, supra note 34, at 388.





n109.  Walker, supra note 34, at 388.





n110.  Id.





n111.  15 U.S.C. § 634(b)(6) (West 2001).





n112.  Id.





n113.  Walker, supra note 35, at 388.





n114.  Id.





n115.  Richardson, supra note 5, at 931-32.





n116.  Id.





n117.  Id. at 932.





n118.  Id.





n119.  Emily Berkman, Microloans As a Community Reinvestment Act Compliance
Strategy, N.Y.U. J.L. & Bus. 329, 343-46 (2006).





n120.  Walker, supra note 3, at 344.





n121.  Richardson, supra note 5, at 931.





n122.  Richardson, supra note 3, at 931





n123.  Id.





n124.  Id.





n125.  Id.





n126.  Id. at 932.





n127.  Id.





n128.  Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, Basel III: A Global Regulatory
Framework for More Resilient Banks and Banking Systems (June 2011), available at
http://www.bis.org/publ/bcbs189.pdf.





n129.  Id. at 54.





n130.  Richardson, supra note 3, at 932.





n131.  Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, Microfinance Activities and the
Core Principles for Effective Banking Supervision (June 2011), available at
http://www.bis.org/publ/bcbs175.pdf.





n132.  Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, supra note 131.





n133.  Cal. Code Regs. Title 1, § 14030-14031 (2001).





n134.  Id.





n135.  Id. at § 14021.





n136.  Id. at § 14022.





n137.  Id. at § 14021.





n138.  Id.





n139.  A.B. 780, Cal. Leg., 2013-2014 Sess. (Cal. 2013).





n140.  A.B. 780, Cal. Leg., 2013-2014 Sess. (Cal. 2013).





n141.  Id.





n142.  Cal. Rev. and Tax Code §§17053.80, 23623. See also State of CA Franchise
Tax Board, New Jobs Credit (2009), available at
https://www.ftb.ca.gov/businesses/New_Jobs_Credit.shtml.





n143.  Id.





n144.  Id.





n145.  State of Cal. Franchise Tax Board, New Jobs Credit (2009), supra note
142.





n146.  Id.





n147.  Id.





n148.  Past Legislative Action and Successes, Cal. Ass'n for Micro Enterprise
Opportunity,
http://www.microbiz.org/policy-and-advocacy/past-legislative-action-successes/
(last visited Mar. 9, 2013).





n149.  State of Cal. Business, Transportation & Housing Agency, Small Business
Loan Guarantee Program Factsheet, available at
http://www.bth.ca.gov/res/docs/pdfs/SBLGP_1_pager_111810.pdf.





n150.  Id.





n151.  Id.





n152.  State of Cal. Business, Transportation & Housing Agency, California Small
Business Loan Guarantee Program (SBLGP), available at
http://www.bth.ca.gov/sblgp.htm.





n153.  State of Cal. Business, Transportation & Housing Agency, California Small
Business Loan Guarantee Program (SBLGP), supra note 154.





n154.  Cal. Code Regs. tit. 4, §§8070-8072 (2013). See also Cal. State
Treasurer, California Capital Access Program,
http://www.treasurer.ca.gov/cpcfa/calcap/index.asp.





n155.  Cal. Code Regs. tit. 4, § 8070(f).





n156.  Id. at §§8070-8072.





n157.  Id.





n158.  Id.





n159.  Id.





n160.  Id.





n161.  Id.





n162.  Id.





n163.  A.B. 901, 2011-2012 Sess. (Cal. 2011).





n164.  A.B. 901, 2011-2012 Sess. (Cal. 2011).





n165.  See Cal. Fin. Code§§5102, 7675, 15000, 21000, 21200, 22002, 22009, 22303;
Home Owners Loan Act of 1933, 12 U.S.C.A § 1464(5)(c)(4)(B) and the Building and
Loan Association Act of 1931 (as amended).





n166.  Id.





n167.  Id.





n168.  See Current Rates, CashCall Micro Business Loans, supra note 91.





n169.  See A.B. 2111, Cal. Leg., 2011 - 2012 Sess. (Cal. 2012). See also A.B.
2671, Cal. Leg., 2011-2012 Sess. (Cal. 2012). See also S.B. 66, Cal. Leg.,
2009-2010 Sess. (Cal. 2009).





n170.  See A.B. 2111, Cal. Leg., 2011-2012 Sess. (Cal. 2012). See also A.B.
2671, Cal. Leg., 2011-2012 Sess. (Cal. 2012). See also S.B. 66, Cal. Leg.,
2009-2010 Sess. (Cal. 2009).





n171.  Ed Coghlan, California economy turning around? It's all about the jobs!,
California Economic Summit (Jan. 11, 2013), available at
http://www.caeconomy.org/reporting/entry/california-economy-turning-around-its-a
ll-about-the-jobs.





n172.  Coghlan, supra note 171.





n173.  Walker, supra note 34, at 389.





n174.  Id. at 393.





n175.  Cal. Rev. and Tax Code §§17053.80, 23623.





n176.  Our Impact, Grameen Foundation, supra note 28.


                              102 of 119 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                            December 30, 2013 Monday

DAR official cites 'partnership' as boosting support to farmers

BYLINE:  Jonathan L. Mayuga

LENGTH: 1256  words


PARTNERSHIPS between Department of Agrarian Reform (DAR) and various attached
agencies under the Department of Agriculture (DA) maximize government support to
farmers, according to a state official.

Likewise, Agrarian Reform (DAR) Undersecretary for Legal Affairs Anthony
Parungao said "partnerships between the agency and the private sector provide
the necessary marketing assistance that help make farming more economically
viable."

Quoting a report of the DAR's Support Services Office, Parungao said "the agency
has been working closely with various DA-attached agencies through various
convergence initiatives to harmonize government programs in the agriculture
sector."

Foremost of such partnership between the DAR, the agency mandated to implement
the Comprehensive Agrarian Reform Program (CARP), and the DA promotes
sugar-block farming in various parts of the country.

The DAR, in partnership with the Sugar Regulatory Administration (SRA) through
the Sugarcane Convergence Program, implemented last year what it called
"Improving Productivity of Sugarcane Farms in Selected Agrarian Reform
Beneficiaries Organizations through Block Farming." The program aims to increase
sugar-cane production.

The project aims to improve the productivity and competitiveness of sugar-cane
farms in selected Agrarian Reform Beneficiaries Organizations (Arbos) through
block farming.

The consolidation of small farms with 10 hectares or less into block farms and
with one block farm having a total area of not less than 30 hectares have been
implemented early this year in Batangas.

The same program is being eyed in Hacienda Luisita, the sugar estate formerly
owned by the Cojuangco-Aquino family in Tarlac, once the distribution to the
6,212 farmer-beneficiaries is completed next year.

"The operationalization of the block farms ensures efficiency of operations, use
of equipment, deployment of workers, volume purchase of inputs and financing,"
the report said.

The government targets to implement the scheme in 47 sites throughout the
country.

Another partnership project, the DAR-National Dairy Authority (NDA) Partnership,
dubbed "Dairy Enterprise Development Project for Selected Agrarian Reform
Communities," is a joint undertaking of the DAR and the NDA.

The tie-up is geared toward mainstreaming the ARBs in the dairy industry by
enabling the ARB cooperatives to become active players in the dairy value chain.

The project components include the provision of Business Development Service
(BDS) provider, technology promotion and enhancement, institutional development,
capability-building programs, product development, enterprise technology
upgrading and provision of common service facility and machineries.

The project also aims to promote new technology on modern dairy herd build-up
and production and other dairy-related areas through the provision of the
necessary capacities and skills to manage effectively the individual and
collective dairy farm and processing-related dairy enterprises.

Other DAR-DA partnerships are the DA-DAR-LBP Agrarian Production Credit Program
(APCP), a capacity-building program tailored for new and existing ARBs who are
yet to avail loans.

APCP is the vehicle through which financial and technical services shall be
delivered to ARBs consisting mainly of credit provisioning and capacity building
to Arbos.

Under the program, Arbos within the top 21 high LAD provinces shall be able to
develop their knowledge and competencies in engaging and managing
agri-enterprises, as well as upgrade their skills on financial management,
thereby enhancing their credit worthiness or bankability.

On the other hand, the DAR-Agricultural Insurance Program for ARBs is a
complementary program to the DAR's credit access and agricultural production
programs, which serves to improve access to credit and improve productivity of
ARBs.

The provision of premium subsidy for agricultural insurance to ARBs and ARB
household members aims to protect them against losses due to pest and disease
infestations, natural calamities and extreme weather events brought about by
climate change.

A P1-billion funded project, it was implemented last year covering rice, corn,
high-value crops and livestock production.

Meanwhile, the DAR-NFA Partnership on Accelerating Procurement of Palay/Corn in
Agrarian Reform Areas (ARAs) provide technical support to rice and corn
ARB-farmers and their organizations through coaching and mentoring.   It aims to
accelerate procurement of palay and corn in ARAs.

Another partnership program, is called DAR-CDA Partnership Program for ARB
Cooperative Development.  A collaborative effort in adapting Capacity
Development as a strategy to address knowledge, skills and capacity gaps or
constraints of cooperative officers and members, the program seeks to enable ARB
co-ops to improve governance in their organizations, implement financially
viable social and economic projects, and to establish juridical personality of
organizations by registering new ARB cooperatives with Cooperative Development
Authority.

Under the DAR's Marketing Assistance Program, the agency was able to hasten the
development and establishment of enterprises in Agrarian Reform Communities
(ARCs).

"This is carried out by building and sustaining links between and among farmer
entrepreneurs, cooperative producers, processors, agribusiness firms, other
institutional buyers and service providers," Parungao said.

Development and commercialization of ARB products is supported by the DAR
through market information assistance, product development and enhancement,
resource mobilization with partners such as Department of Trade and Industry,
local government units and support to participation in local and national trade
fairs, the report quoted by Parungao added.

A program is the Village Level Processing Center Enhancement Project, which aims
"to develop market competitive ARB products and enhance enterprise and
livelihood activities at the community level in selected agrarian reform areas
through assistance in product value-adding, improvement of facilities, and
assistance in documentation and license application."

Another program the report cited is the "DAR-Catholic Relief Services
Partnership Project on Linking Agrarian Reform Beneficiaries to Corporate Supply
Chain."

This program uses eight steps in agro-enterprise clustering approach popularized
by CRS to increase the production and income of ARBs and their household through
agricultural extension, marketing assistance and capacity-building, according to
the report.

Under the program, the DAR serves as fund provider for project implementing
operations and also coordinates with concerned field offices from the LGUs and
other supportive stakeholders. On the other hand, the CRS provides the
counterpart fund as leverage for salaries and benefits, and spearheads the
generation of necessary support from the LGUs and stakeholders.

Another project cited by Parungao is called "Up-Valuing ARBs' Products."

He said this "involves partnership with professional BDS providers with
expertise on product design branding and marketing to extend technical support
in enhancing the existing ARB products in the ARCs."

According to the report, support includes design, packaging and labeling
innovations for 91 products of ARBs and rural women.

The DAR also launched the Promotion of Rural Micro Entrepreneurship through
Community Retail Store Operations program to contribute in developing rural
women as microentrepreneurs through the provision of management and technical
support.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              103 of 119 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                          September 6, 2006 Wednesday

Teves calls for limits to microfinance order (World Bank, ADB also raise
concerns over policy shift)

BYLINE: Judy T. Gulane with Reagan D. Tan

SECTION: Pg. S1/1

LENGTH: 1789 words


A Palace order expanding state involvement in direct credit services has the
Finance department worried, to the extent that it wants Malacanang to restrict
qualified agencies if a repeal is not possible.

Finance Secretary Margarito B. Teves, also the chairman of the National Credit
Council, yesterday told BusinessWorld "we want to limit it to certain agencies
and to confine it initially to the DSWD (Department of Social Welfare and
Development)."

President Gloria Macapagal- Arroyo's Executive Order (EO) 558, signed August 8,
repealed EO 138 issued in 1999 by then President Joseph Estrada. EO 558
re-allowed government non-financial agencies (GNFAs) and government- owned and
-controlled corporations (GOCCs) to undertake "directed credit" or subsidized
credit programs, an undertaking the Estrada order had limited to government
financial institutions (GFIs.)

Mr. Teves called EO 558 "all embracive," which might negatively impact on state
finances.

"There are several things we are concerned about: Will the credit programs be
sustainable? Will they generate revenues out of the amount lent to borrowers?
What we don't want is to give dole-outs."

Another source of concern is the change in credit policy, from one that is
market-based to one dependent on state subsidies.

Mr. Teves said he has submitted a memo to President Gloria Macapagal- Arroyo to
ask for a clarification of EO 558's objectives. He declined to provide details,
but Finance sources said contains the department's suggestions, of which one is
to confine lending to the DSWD for now.

EO to bankroll 2007 polls?

Speculations have been rife that EO 558 was intended to bankroll the Arroyo
administration's election campaign next year.

A senator, in fact, yesterday said the Palace order should be scrutinized since
it could be used as an election campaign tool apart from fostering other abuses.

Senator Richard J. Gordon, chairman of the government corporations and public
enterprise committee, said he will push for more GOCC regulation.

"We have to be very careful lest it become an electoral campaign tool for [the
President]," he said. "More importantly, where would they get the funds to
lend?"

GOCCs have become financial burdens for the government, prompting the filing of
Senate bills (SB) 486, 487, and 2222, which aim to curb their operations
further.

"It's necessary. So many GOCCs are losing money," Mr. Gordon said.

SBs 486 and 487, authored by Senator Sergio R. Osmena III, orders GOCCs to
"clearly define the parameters and/or limits of their financial and operational
capabilities" and limit the "borrowing, lending, and guaranteeing any form of
financial transaction, risk and/or commitment".

SB 2222, authored by Mr. Gordon, would require GOCCs to submit regular reports.
The bill would also create a Congressional Oversight Committee for GOCCs.

Finance sources, meanwhile, claimed Mrs. Arroyo had wanted to repeal EO 138 as
early as 2001 because she wanted to expand the DSWD's Self Employment Assistance
program that extends microfinance loans to poor clients.

The DSWD's microfinance program is limited by the fact that beneficiaries can
borrow only once. Once they repay and want to borrow a second time, they are
referred to microfinance institutions.

Mr. Teves said he believes the repeal of EO 138 has nothing to do with next
year's elections.

"The President was concerned over how to expand the microfinance program, given
the limitations of the DSWD and the PCFC (People's Credit and Finance Corp.),"
he said. "She wants to use the network and reach of the DSWD to increase the
reach of government to the poor under the microfinance program."

He noted that the microfinance program is reaching only 30% of its intended
beneficiaries, and suggested the PCFC be expanded to areas it presently does not
cover.

The PCFC is the government's lead institution for raising resources for
microfinance services. It lends wholesale to microfinance institutions (MFIs)
such as NGOs, cooperatives and rural banks, which in turn, lend to their
clients.

Arthur C. Yap, Presidential Management Staff head and also presidential adviser
on job generation, told BusinessWorld that aside from the DSWD, the Agriculture
and Labor departments will also begin lending by activating "dormant" credit
programs.

He said these credit programs were suspended by EO 138 but could not be
abolished since these were mandated by republic acts.

He stressed, however, that these agencies will be active only in areas not
covered by MFIs. "They are not meant to compete with MFIs, let us be clear about
that."

The implementing rules and regulations to EO 558 will identify which agencies
can now begin extending credit, as well as these agencies' coverage, he added.

Budget Undersecretary Mario Relampagos, however, admitted that funds for lending
by government agencies are not provided in the Executive's 2007 budget.

He also pointed it will not be easy for agencies to realign funds to lending
programs. "They will need 'program activity projects' that presuppose the
realignment of funds. Since there are none related to lending in the 2007
budget, then I don't think lending by these agencies can start anytime soon."

The Budget department has also introduced budgeting by "major final outputs."
Only these "outputs" will receive budgetary allocations. Lending programs are
not one of these.

MFIs and multilateral lending agencies supporting the government's microfinance
program are urging Mrs. Arroyo to reconsider EO 558, citing the potential damage
to state finances and the current market-driven credit system.

The Microfinance Council of the Philippines, Inc. (MCP), National Confederation
of Cooperatives (NATCCO), Rural Bankers Association of the Philippines (RBAP),
the Asian Development Bank (ADB) and the World Bank have written either Mr.
Teves or Mrs. Arroyo in the last two weeks to express their objection to the
repeal of EO 138.

The MCP, NATCCO and RBAP represent nongovernment organizations (NGOs),
cooperatives and rural banks that extend retail microfinance loans, while the
two multilateral agencies extend official development assistance (ODA) in line
with the government's microfinance program.

EO 138 prohibited GNFAs and GOCCs from undertaking credit programs using funds
from the national budget, special funds, and loans or grants from donor
agencies. These programs used subsidized rates. Instead, these agencies and
state corporations were directed to turn over their credit programs to GFIs for
management.

These GFIs became the "main government vehicle for the delivery of credit
services ... by providing wholesale funds to private financial institutions that
will be engaged in retail lending."

EO 138 also adopted the following policies: greater role of the private sector
in the provision of financial services to basic sectors and the adoption of
market-oriented financial and credit policies. Interest rates on loans and
deposits were to be determined by the market rather than subsidized.

In 1997, Gilbert M. Llanto, an economist at the Philippine Institute for
Development Studies, counted 86 directed credit programs implemented by 42
government agencies and state corporations, which utilized as much as P40
billion in state and borrowed funds.

"[T]hese programs proved to be money-losing undertakings with loan repayment
estimated at an average of 82.6%. But what is even more unfortunate is the fact
that only a few of the intended beneficiaries - small farmers, fisherfolk, and
microentrepreneurs - got to enjoy the credit subsidies," he said in a research
paper.

In his letter, Edgardo F. Garcia, MCP executive director said: "EO 138 and the
National Strategy for Microfinance both formulated by the National Credit
Council-Department of Finance were timely and appropriate policy instruments
that encouraged the widespread participation of the private sector-led
microfinance institutions in the delivery of microfinance services to the poor."

With more and more NGOs, cooperatives and rural banks extending microfinance
services, microfinance clients grew to around 1.7 million in June this year from
250,000 in 2000, he noted.

"The performance of the microfinance sector in the past six years has shown that
the private sector can deliver microfinance services on a large scale and on a
sustainable basis. It is the policy of most governments that where the private
sector can perform a service better than government, then society at large is
better served if government allocates its resources to other priority areas," he
added.

Cresente C. Paez, NATCCO president and chief executive said network members were
"apprehensive" the repeal of EO 138 would "pave the way for government to go
into retail microfinance in direct competition and to the detriment of the many
privately-led microfinance institutions, including that of cooperatives."

RBAP Executive Director Emmanuel B. Guina pointed out that "EO 138 has been the
cornerstone of the government policies which provided the primary enabling
environment for a market-driven approach that encouraged rural banks to actively
provide microfinance services."

He said that of about 200 banks providing microfinance services, close to 90%
are rural and cooperative banks that serve about 600,000 borrowers.

"Since the issuance of EO 138, rural banks have been able to foster a positive
culture of repayment thus ensuring the profitability and expansion of financial
services in the countryside," he said.

The ADB and the World Bank, meanwhile, warned the repeal of EO 138 may have
negative repercussions on lending programs.

In his letter, ADB Country Director Tom Crouch said "in view of the importance
of EO 138 to the Microfinance Development Program, we are concerned that its
repeal has potential for significant impact on the program, and the agreements
reached between Government and ADB."

The ADB has extended a $150-million loan in support of the government's
microfinance program.

"In addition, there are possible implications for the Government's broader
fiscal consolidation program," Mr. Crouch added.

"EO 138 gives international development partners a measure of comfort that
development funds would be lent prudently and in a well targeted manner," World
Bank Country Director Joachim von Amsberg said.

"The World Bank has supported the principles underlying EO 138, and many of our
development financing projects in the Philippines were developed under this
policy framework. A change in this context would inevitably affect ongoing and
future development lending programs, which would be unfortunate, especially now
when progress on fiscal reforms would allow international development partners
to channel more funds towards investments and programs that catalyze growth and
employment," he added.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2006 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              104 of 119 DOCUMENTS


                          The News Today (Bangladesh.)

                          September 25, 2013 Wednesday

Enabling entrepreneurial

LENGTH: 3971  words


An aspiring entrepreneur in Uganda has an uphill climb. A landlocked country,
Uganda is hemmed in by areas where conflicts break out sporadically, including
South Sudan and the Nord-Kivu province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Moreover, the country still lives under the shadow of former president Idi Amin,
whose policies included not only torture and hundreds of thousands of
extra-judicial killings, but also, in 1972, the wholesale expulsion of tens of
thousands of ethnic South Asians. Locally born and raised, this group had
constituted much of the country's merchant and entrepreneurial class.

When a team of Bangladeshis led by Ariful Islam arrived in 2005 to set up a
local operation for BRAC, a global development organiSation based in Dhaka, they
had a long and difficult road ahead of them. The organisation had already
pioneered speedy scale-ups in difficult terrain, including in Afghanistan in
2002, where it began its first operation outside Bangladesh, providing
development assistance with programs in health care, microfinance, rural
livelihood development, and girls' education. Nevertheless, Uganda's historical
legacy with people of South Asian origin working within its borders would
present unavoidable cultural hurdles.

Six years later, BRAC Uganda's success has been remarkable. By most measurable
standards the largest nongovernmental organisation in the world, BRAC is also
the largest in Uganda. As of March 2012, it has over 110,000 microfinance
borrowers and a cumulative loan disbursement of $116 million in Uganda, thanks
largely to a partnership with The MasterCard Foundation, a private,
Toronto-based foundation launched in 2006 with a gift from MasterCard Worldwide
at the time of its initial public offering. The partnership with BRAC was one of
the first major projects of the foundation, which was created to test and scale
innovative poverty solutions with a focus on youth learning and microfinance.
Begun in 2008, the partnership with The MasterCard Foundation has helped BRAC
increase its reach from 60,000 Ugandans in 2006 to 2.8 million today, a number
projected to reach 4.2 million, or 12 percent of the country's population, by
2016.

The obvious question is how the partnership accomplished this growth. It is due
in part to a strategy to multiply the impact of microfinance by combining it
with livelihood development and youth empowerment. The result of the program is
a job-creation machine that relies not only on wage employmentalthough, with
1,960 employees, that in itself is substantialbut also on fostering
entrepreneurship. The goal is to lower the barriers to entrepreneurship by
touching multiple points in the respective value chains of the agriculture,
poultry, livestock, and health-care sectors. The education and empowerment of
adolescent girls are also key aims, as is the economic empowerment of women, who
constitute the vast majority of BRAC-trained entrepreneurs. The interventions
include BRAC's own social enterprise, a nonprofit business that mirrors the
organisation's success in Bangladesh, where it runs 18 social enterprises.

In short, BRAC Uganda has created an entrepreneurial ecosystem in which
employment for the poor is created from the bottom up. This has proven to be a
more viable strategy than waiting for jobs that may never come from large
enterprises, factories, and direct foreign investment. Working with The
MasterCard Foundation, BRAC has created this ecosystem by building on and
adapting practices developed over four decades in Bangladesh. The results so far
suggest that, given a chance to do so, the poor in developing countriesa group
that is disproportionately either young, female, or bothwill not hesitate to
seize the advantages provided by an environment that is conducive to
entrepreneurship.

As the examples below will show, BRAC's experience is that free markets often
exclude the poor and marginalized from economic systems. Ultimately, when the
poor lack so much as the opportunity to take control of their lives, society as
a whole is worse off. We cannot afford to wait and see whether or not free
markets, left to their own devices, will ultimately create these opportunities.
Upfront investment is needed due to the urgency of the global poverty problem.
BRAC's approach to creating entrepreneurship shows how nonprofits can catalyze
change at the local level by using a complex set of measures that ultimately
smooth the inefficiencies that work against the poor. In short, where free
markets conspire against the poor and raise barriers to their success, BRAC
tweaks the knobs with interventions that help the poora convergence of lower
costs, better options, and a greater understanding of rights that offer a fairer
deal to society's most vulnerable.

Rise of the microfranchises

Sarah Mukama is a smallholder farmer from the village of Mawuba in eastern
Uganda, close to the shore of Lake Victoria. She supports a family of seven by
rearing livestock and growing beans and vegetables on a small plot of land.
Sarah's experience provides an example of how BRAC and The MasterCard Foundation
are replicating 40 years of success fighting poverty in Bangladesh by adapting
BRAC's job-creation tactics to the Ugandan context. Thanks to BRAC, Sarah now
earns part of her income by distributing high-yield seed varieties for maize,
beans, and vegetables to other farmers in her village and the surrounding areas.
She gets a regular supply of high-quality seeds for her own use, but she also
fills a gap in the market by offering her neighbours doorstep access to much
needed, high-quality agricultural inputs and other affordable goods and
services. BRAC's assistance includes both livelihood training and microloans to
help Sarah start a business, but the hard work, and the fruits of it, are hers
alone. Instead of charging a fee for her training, BRAC only insists that she
offer her own neighbours free advice on more efficient farming techniques.

Sarah's story is remarkable, not only because of the changes in her life
although she talks excitedly about being able to educate her daughter in the
best school in the districtbut for the example she sets for other farmers in her
village. With a small amount of help from BRAC, she saw her farm yield increase
threefold. Amazed at this success, other farmers in the village soon came to
Sarah for training and to buy seeds. In villages like Mawuba, the transformation
is visible. Farmers in areas where BRAC has intervened have reported that their
yields are doubling and sometimes even tripling as a result of the inputs and
advice provided by these entrepreneurs. Furthermore, boosting agricultural
yields has a ripple effect on poor communities, as it creates increased wealth
that catalyzes demand and increases purchasing power in a way that benefits
everybody, from tomato vendors to seamstresses, beauticians and shopkeepers.

Sarah is part of a larger ecosystem, a network of likeminded people from poor
communities who are driven to help both their neighbours and themselves. About
5,000 BRAC-trained microentrepreneurs like Sarah currently work in Uganda. Each
is an independent enterprise; BRAC does not pay them wages or salaries, but it
does give them the opportunity to make money on their own by reselling goods at
a small markup. These entrepreneurs are, essentially, one-person social
enterprises whose activities serve a dual purpose: they generate income, and
they also reduce the barriers others face on the path out of poverty.

Sarah's customers are rural farmers who have not been served by existing
distribution systems. Similar networks provide cattle insemination and
distribute chicken vaccines. The latter has been a critical improvement, for at
the time BRAC entered Uganda, chicken mortality stood out as one of the biggest
problems facing local poultry farmers. About 35 percent of Uganda's chickens
succumbed to disease before laying a single egg, which hobbles the sector and
limits the effectiveness of the microloans made to these farmers. BRAC responded
by creating and then scaling up a network of microfranchised chicken
inoculators. So far, these self-employed inoculators have delivered 13 million
doses of vaccine in a bid to bring the chicken mortality rate down to the level
achieved in Bangladesh, currently about 10 percent, thanks in part to the
efforts of BRAC and other private NGOs and state actors. The vaccinations not
only raised the yields of chicken farmers but led to higher repayment rates for
microborrowers working with poultry, which allowed BRAC to redeploy capital that
much faster.

Of course, it is not enough to train Sarah and others like her to buy and sell
goods. They already know how to do that. For this model to work, Sarah has to be
able to buy her seeds at a price low enough to earn a profit on resale margins.
Furthermore, if the system is to avoid dependence on external subsidies that
might not be there for the long haul, the producer at least has to break even.
That is why BRAC's end-to-end value chain approach includes, in addition to
Sarah's doorstep seed distribution, a system of mass production. BRAC Uganda,
for instance, set up its own seed production and processing enterprise early in
2011. The seed production unit reduces the unit cost of high-yield seeds by
engaging a network of contract growers and leveraging a low-cost,
community-based distribution network built on top of BRAC's microfinance
network. The production facility is expected to break even in mid-2013.

BRAC's approach uses economies of scale to its advantage, establishing prices
that allow these systems to pay for themselves. The organisation's businesslike
approach has allowed it to hit a sweet spot that makes prices fair for everybody
in the value chain, from producer to end user something that market mechanisms
driven purely by profit have failed to do. This impetus for scale also explains
the dual reasoning behind BRAC Uganda's rapid growth plan for the 10-year period
that started in 2006. There is the obvious imperative for the organisation to
grow quickly so it can allay the urgent needs of the poor by reaching as many
people as possible, but easily overlooked, at least in the nonprofit sector, is
the cost benefit of operating at scale. Doing so passes savings onto other
actors in the value chain, who are mainly poor and disadvantaged women.

BRAC has to operate like any large business that is expanding rapidly and
competing on price. It streamlines its operations; it routinizes its processes
by removing unnecessary steps or "trimming the fat" where possible; and it
minimizes waste and inefficiencyfor example, by taking a zero-tolerance stance
on corruption in its ranks. All of this works in the service of a bottom line
that is not financial return but social good. The agricultural services BRAC
provides now reach 75,000 Ugandan farmers, a number expected to double by 2014.
It is rare that agricultural interventions in sub-Saharan Africa are able to
bridge the last mile to poor communities so effectively. BRAC is now working in
10 countries, often in remote, hard-to-reach areas that have barely functioning
economies, using a practical low-tech approach to serving a clientele long
neglected by profit-driven enterprises.

Photo Courtesy

The grassroots distribution model described above has its origins in
Bangladesh's system of community health promoters, or shasthya shebikas in
Bengali, which is the core of BRAC's approach to providing low-cost health care.
The shasthya shebika is a self-employed woman who, after receiving training from
BRAC, goes door to door in the villages and slums of Bangladeshmuch like direct
sales models for Tupperware and cosmetics in the U.S.with a basket of simple but
vital goods and services, such as vitamins, sanitary napkins, anti-malarial
pills, sterile bandages, and condoms, all offered at affordable prices. She also
inquires about her neighbours' health needsfor instance, about a persistent
cough and fever that may suggest a case of tuberculosis. The media have dubbed
the shasthya shebikas an "army of housewives," for they now number 91,000 in
Bangladesh alone. They are able to generate extra income from the sale of the
items described due to BRAC's training and provision of low-cost supplies, some
of which, like the Ugandan seeds, are manufactured by BRAC.

The academic literature has dubbed BRAC's approach "microfranchising" in recent
years. It cites such examples such as Fan Milk in Ghana, which has become the
second-largest consumer goods company traded on the country's stock exchange,
thanks largely to the efforts of its bicycle-based retailers who are ubiquitous
in Ghana, pedaling the streets with their own mobile freezers; Ruma in
Indonesia, which was established to put poor woman into business as retailers of
mobile phone air time, offering business start-up kits to those living on less
than $2.50 a day; VisionSpring, founded by optometrist Jordan Kassalow, which
uses a microfranchised network to distribute glasses to the poor in India,
Bangladesh (in partnership with BRAC), El Salvador, and South Africa; and
LivingGoods, which got its start through a partnership with BRAC Uganda's
community health promoter program and now aims to offer others a microfranchised
system of health care distribution in Africa.

Some have called this a "business in a box" approach to job creation. Although
BRAC did not call its efforts either microfranchising or business in a box when
it began to experiment with this distribution model in the 1980s, all of these
enterprises are following a path pioneered by BRAC in Bangladesh. BRAC's
microfranchising is now at work in multiple countries in an array of areas, and
its efforts are always geared toward providing a vital social benefit not
provided by existing market solutions. It is part of a larger set of
interventions that reaches across entire values chains in diverse sectors, such
as poultry, silk manufacture, and handicrafts, creating an estimated nine
million jobs in Bangladesh alone.

Entrepreneurs in the classroom

Creating entrepreneurial ecosystems begins at a much more basic level than
chicken inoculations and seed distribution. When BRAC first arrived in Uganda,
it found much of the country, especially in the north, still recovering from the
20-year conflict between the government and Joseph Kony's rebel Lord's
Resistance Army, which displaced an estimated 1.5 million people. Using rented
houses in remote areas, BRAC partnered with the government to create a Ugandan
version of the nonformal primary education model it established in
Bangladeshessentially a "second chance" learning centre for disadvantaged
children who had been denied an opportunity for formal education in a government
school, whether due to poverty, violence, or both.

The BRAC education model acts as a bridge to formal state schooling. Using
government-approved curricula, the model emphasizes life-skills training to help
build self-esteem in children who dropped out of school or who might never have
set foot in a classroom before, with the aim of awakening their curiosity and
inculcating in them a joy of learningall of which are the building blocks of
entrepreneurship. In countries like Uganda, financial education and life skills,
which include social and emotional learning, are the keys to successfully
navigating the transition from adolescence to adulthood.

These learning centres effectively provide a feeder system for entrepreneurship
among the poor. In post-colonial Africa and much of the developing world,
traditional models of education have proven to be an inadequate tool for
fostering change, partly because poor people find too much of what schools teach
to be irrelevant. Schoolwork becomes drudgery, not joy, and education ends up
alienating the poor from their environment rather than encouraging people to
create new opportunities for themselves. BRAC's nonformal primary education
model takes a different philosophical approach. It treats the children of day
labourers and rickshaw drivers as assets, not liabilities; not just as future
job seekers but as potential job creators.

Uganda is faced with the challenge of being the country with the lowest median
age of any nation on earth. Its bulging youth population, especially girls, is
burdened with multiple vulnerabilities. Some research suggests that a majority
of adolescent girls in Uganda have engaged in sexual intercourse in exchange for
money or gifts at least once in their lives.1 In 2008, BRAC responded to a
perceived need for "safe spaces" for this group by setting up a chain of girls'
clubs under the name Empowerment and Livelihood for Adolescents (ELA), which has
already had a statistically significant impact on rates of teen pregnancy and
condom use by teenage girls. An unpublished random control trial shows that,
over a two-year period among a group of girls where pregnancy rates are in the
range of 10 to 12 percent, pregnancy rates were about 2.5 percentage points
lower in villages with an ELA program than for a control sample from another
village that did not have a programme. The intervention sample included girls in
the village who did not even take part in the programme, suggesting a
significant spillover effect of healthy learning.

Encouraging condom use and creating safe spaces for girls may seem a long way
from creating entrepreneurship, but according to BRAC's holistic approach to
reducing poverty, all these elements are part of the same package. Staying in
school and seizing control of one's reproductive health are the starting points
for building a class of entrepreneurs at the base of the economic pyramid. In
fact, BRAC's ELA program makes the link explicit: in addition to frank
discussions of topics such as sex and contraception, the clubs offer financial
literacy and livelihood training as part of the empowerment package, including
training to develop the skills needed to spot business opportunities when they
arise. As the girls grow older, they may receive livelihood training for their
chosen profession, take out a microloan, or start a microfranchise.

Bringing down barriers

It is worth taking a step back to examine from a more philosophical perspective
just what brings these diverse activities together under the umbrella of
entrepreneurship creation. The answer is that each of them, in various ways,
deals with barriers to what, for lack of a better word, might be deemed
"success" in one's life that is, the freedom to lead the life one wants. This
includes the freedom to be a self-employed and self-empowered economic actor,
which is especially important in places where wage employment is scarce. In
Development as Freedom, Amartya Sen writes of "poverty as capability
deprivation," arguing that

there is a strong case for judging individual advantage in terms of the
capabilities that a person has, that is, the substantive freedoms he or she
enjoys to lead the kind of life he or she has reason to value. In this
perspective, poverty must be seen as the deprivation of basic capabilities
rather than merely as lowness of incomes, which is the standard criterion of
identification of poverty.2

BRAC sees the poor, and disadvantaged youth in particular, in terms of the
capabilities and freedoms their circumstances have deprived them of. They are
considered diamonds in the rough, potential entrepreneurs with untapped talents
and latent capabilities that are only waiting to break through the many barriers
that keep them from achieving their potential.

Traditionally, education has been seen as a way of giving people the
capabilities they need to survive. In the traditional view, students' minds are
seen as reservoirs to be filled with the knowledge and skills necessary to allow
their true potential to flow. Development practitioners should instead view "the
reservoir" as already full and focus instead on the many barriers that stand in
the way of success. Young people dealing with violence, displacement, and
poverty have innate capabilities that can be tapped, not taught; we need to view
them as assets on the social balance sheet rather than liabilities. Tapping this
potential can happen in many ways, but as we have seen, they are by no means
limited to a classroom education.

One can view microfinance, microfranchising, pro-poor value-chain interventions,
health care, education, social enterprises, and girls' empowerment through a
single lens: one of bringing down barriers to entrepreneurship. This lens can
also reframe the ongoing debate about the efficacy of microfinance as a way to
fight poverty.3 One should not view microfinance as a stand-alone tactic to
fight povertywhich, as Sen points out, has already been too narrowly defined as
"lowness of income"but as an essential tool for providing opportunities and
reducing the barriers that prevent the poor from exercising their capabilities.

And these barriers are many. One is lack of capital; another, less obvious, is
exposure to risk. In normal market environments, the poor do not make ideal
entrepreneurs because they cannot afford to take the same risks as those with
cash in the bank or other means of sustaining themselves. Getting food on the
table takes priority over gambling on a venture that may or may not succeed.
Microfranchising, a "business in a box," is a developmental tool that lowers the
risk barrier by using business models that others in similar circumstances have
already tested.

A lack of adequate health care is another barrier, as frequent illness reduces
people's ability to work and keeps children out of the classroom, thus
continuing the cycle of poverty. Even for those who remain healthy, lack of
access to schoolingor, as we have seen, a lack of access to the kind of
schooling that inculcates a joy of learningis often an obstacle to an
individual's economic and social growth, which includes the potential for
becoming an entrepreneur. Another still is the anti-poor bias of free markets in
places with poor infrastructure. In village environments, monopolistic practices
by the sellers hold sway when the poor lack the means to compare goods,
services, and prices from multiple vendors, due to a lack of cost-effective
transport options.

Each one of BRAC's interventions seeks to break down a barrier but, taken as a
whole, they represent a powerful combination that fosters a culture of
entrepreneurship at the base of the economic pyramid. These tools are often
viewed as ways to amplify or multiply the effectiveness of microloans, which is
why BRAC and The MasterCard Foundation have called their rapid scale-up in
Uganda "microfinance multiplied."

We often read and speak of interventions that "distort" free markets, but these
examples show how, left to their own devices, markets can often distort
themselves in ways that work against poor and otherwise marginalized
populations, thus creating barriers to entrepreneurship. It is the task of the
poor themselves to step over these barriers, but development organisations,
working at scale, can at least make them surmountable.

Finally, these barriers can make it difficult to weave the fabric of a society
that allows all people, regardless of the circumstances of their birth, the
opportunity to climb the economic ladder through hard work. The core of the BRAC
philosophy is that talent is scattered evenly at birth; opportunity is not.
Violence and poverty have long deprived too many Ugandans of opportunity,
keeping them waiting in vain for jobs that may never arrive, the barriers to
building their own livelihoods too high and too numerous to surmount. But for
the next generation of the world's youngest nation, the wait may be over, if the
right type of market interventions can bring out their latent talent and foster
bottom-up entrepreneurship.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The News Today
                              All Rights Reserved


                              105 of 119 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright (c) 2000 Saint Louis University School of Law
                    Saint Louis University Public Law Review

                                      2000

                        19 St. Louis U. Pub. L. Rev. 385

LENGTH: 13247 words

SYMPOSIUM: REPRESENTING THE POOR AND HOMELESS: INNOVATIONS IN ADVOCACY TACKLING
HOMELESSNESS THROUGH ECONOMIC SELF-SUFFICIENCY

NAME: SUSAN R. JONES*

BIO: * Susan R. Jones is a Professor of Clinical Law at The George Washington
University Law School where she also directs the Small Business Clinic/Community
Economic Development Project. She would like to thank her research assistant,
Ms. Selim Ablo, for conducting numerous interviews and for substantial research
assistance. She is also grateful to members of the ABA Commission on
Homelessness and Poverty and to Prof. Susan Bennett (American University,
Washington College of Law), Prof. Sidney Watson (Mercer Law School), Clare
Pastore, Staff Attorney, Western Center on Law and Poverty, Dr. Shirley J.
Jones, SUNY Albany School of Social Work and William Edwards, Executive Director
of the Association for Enterprise Development for helpful comments on drafts.
This essay was supported by a summer writing grant from The George Washington
University Law School.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... Addressing the needs of homeless people is a formidable challenge because
the causes of homelessness are complex. ...  It concludes that economic
self-sufficiency strategy such as microenterprise development is as valuable for
homeless people as it is for others when coupled with housing and other
supportive services. ...  The technical assistance and loans are dispensed
through more than 700 microenterprise development programs in fifty states and
the District of Columbia. ...  A recent manifestation of federal support for
microenterprise is the Program for Investment in Microentrepreneurs Act of 1999,
also referred to as the PRIME ACT, designed to build the institutional strength
of microenterprise development organizations so they can respond to the growing
demand for training and technical assistance among low-income entrepreneurs. ...
The Microenterprise Fund For Innovation, Effectiveness, Learning and
Dissemination of the Aspen Institute has found that "training and technical
assistance are arguably the most important components of microenterprise
development services in the U.S. today, particularly for low-income clients. ...
McMurphy's Grill in St. Louis Missouri is a nonprofit three-to-six month
training program for homeless people, persons at risk of being homeless and
people with mental health problems. ...

TEXT:
 [*385]

   Addressing the needs of homeless people is a formidable challenge because the
causes of homelessness are complex. The homeless population is diverse, no
longer consisting of primarily transient adult males. Homeless people include
women, families with children, the mentally ill, persons dependent on drugs and
alcohol and the unemployed. Homelessness is caused by the shortage of affordable
housing, poverty, low wage work insufficient to pay for basic living expenses,
and the lack of services to help people overcome personal challenges such as
mental and physical health problems and alcohol and substance abuse. n1

   Statistics show that: 10.5 million renters compete for 6.1 million low-income
housing units; 4.4 million people lack an affordable place to live; at least 2.3
million Americans (nearly one percent of the U.S. population) are likely to
experience a period of homelessness; 750,000 people are homeless on any given
night; families with children make up 37% of homeless Americans and they are the
largest group of homeless in rural areas; 14% of homeless people are veterans;
21% of homeless Americans are working; 14% are single  [*386]  women; and 63%
have suffered domestic violence by a male partner. n2 Given these statistics and
the depth of the problems, the unfettered market cannot be fully relied on to
deliver decent, safe and affordable housing to the poor without some form of
government assistance. While the need to create affordable housing is essential,
scholars stress the need to move away from the initial short-term shelter thrust
of the homelessness movement to a policy that combines housing, income and
social services, the three key elements in new policies for homeless people.
Moreover, proponents of strategies to end homelessness proffer that these
elements must be combined with efficient community organization principles,
expanded resources, and empowerment as well as strategic litigation. n3

   This essay explores economic self-sufficiency through avenues such as
microenterprise development, n4 a rapidly growing and innovative strategy in
advocacy for the poor, homeless and other persons in need such as dislocated
workers and domestic violence survivors. It looks at innovative job training in
the context of supportive housing and/or supportive services, and public policy
incentives such as tax credits to sustain homelessness advocacy. To inform the
daily work of lawyers representing homeless people and their advocates, this
essay also provides practical examples of economic self-sufficiency innovations
and discusses current trends in philanthropy, which potentially impact the
viability of the programs cited and models like them. It concludes that economic
self-sufficiency strategy such as microenterprise development is as valuable for
homeless people as it is for others when coupled with housing and other
supportive services.

[*387]

   I. Is Microenterprise Development a Viable Tool for Homelessness Advocacy?

 Microenterprise development is a tool for homelessness advocacy that is part of
a larger menu of supportive services. The microenterprise industry, with its
roots in housing and women's economic development, is a natural ally, supporter
and contributor to homelessness efforts. The first task, is locating housing but
maintaining a home requires income. The self-employment objective contemplated
by the intersection of microenterprise and homelessness advocacy is creating "a
job of one's own." The reality is there are not enough good paying jobs in the
right locations for some workers, particularly those with low skills. n5 The
microenterprise development alternative may work for only a small percentage of
the overall homeless population but it is an important tool because of its human
capital potential. n6 Lawyers and homelessness advocates might choose to
emphasize the creation or expansion of programs working with a particular sector
of the homeless population, for example, youth, n7 domestic violence survivors,
dislocated workers or disabled homeless. n8

[*388]

   JOE'S STORY n9



Joe is a 47-year old man who is a participant in Faith Ministry's Building
Assets Microenterprise Group [Faith Ministry]. He is currently living in
transitional housing provided by Faith Ministry and participating in a
fatherhood project designed to reunite fathers and children. n10 During high
school, Joe excelled in woodworking. After graduating he became an apprentice
with a well-known carpenter and house builder. He was then drafted to serve in
the Vietnam War. He married about ten years ago and has two school age children.
He is currently estranged from his family and has not lived with them for the
last two years. Joe abused alcohol for at least half of his life and found it
difficult to work for other people in the past because of his drinking and
because he has not had a permanent home. Now with the social service support he
gets in transitional housing, he wants to take up his old trade as a carpenter
and start a handyman business. He is now in an alcohol recovery program and is
working with Faith Ministry to determine whether he can start his own handyman
business. At present, Joe is receiving general public assistance and he is
exploring use of his Veterans' Administration benefits. He is now in the tenth
week of Faith Ministry's program where he has learned about marketing,
accounting, legal requirements, and business regulations. A volunteer lawyer has
agreed to help him structure his business, assist him with getting the
appropriate business licenses, n11 and, along with the microenterprise program
staff, help him apply for a $ 1000 loan for tools and equipment and business
start-up expenses. The lawyer, also a Vietnam Veteran, has agreed to serve as
Joe's personal mentor. Joe is very motivated by the idea of starting his own
business. He attributes his current successes-sobriety, temporary housing,
participating in a microenterprise program-to the possibility that he can start
something on his own and try to reunite with his family.

  [*389]

   II. A Brief Overview of Microenterprise Development

 A microenterprise in the U.S. is often defined as a sole-proprietorship,
partnership or family business that has fewer than five employees, does not
generally have access to the commercial banking sector, can initially utilize a
loan of less than $ 25,000 to start or expand a business that usually grosses
less than $ 250,000 per year. n12 The technical assistance and loans are
dispensed through more than 700 microenterprise development programs in fifty
states and the District of Columbia. n13 These programs often serve targeted
groups and regions such as persons moving from welfare to work, the physically
challenged, minorities, rural areas and Native American regions. Some
microenterprise programs developed from women's economic development
organizations and assist a range of economic groups - from low wage workers to
welfare recipients. Other programs were created to expand the work of Community
Action Agencies and Community Development Corporations and respond to needs of
low-income people. Today, microenterprise development programs are operated as
stand-alone programs or as part of multipurpose organizations with purposes
ranging from affordable housing creation and retention, employment and training,
women and minority development, economic development and social services. n14

   The U.S. microenterprise industry originated in the early 1980's and is based
on models of micro credit in Latin America, Africa, Asia and other parts of the
developing world. One of the most famous and successful models is the Grameen
Bank in Bangledesh, which now lends over $ 6 million dollars a month to more
than 690,000 members (92% of whom are women) in 14,000 villages throughout
Bangladesh. n15 A Hallmark of international micro credit models is "peer" or
"circle lending" in which loans made to a group of three to  [*390]  five people
are distributed through the group and secured by moral collateral. A default by
one person halts further lending to the group. Most U.S. programs lend to
individuals. Individual loans are usually for greater amounts of money than
group loans. n16 Microenterpreneurs also consist of repeat borrowers, first
receiving very small loans of $ 500 to $ 1000. After the initial loan is repaid,
a new loan is "stepped up" to a larger amount based on need and business growth.
n17 Advocates of microenterprise distinguish the U.S. industry from its
international counterpart because American society is not as homogeneous as
other societies. The cultural and community norms for money lending are
different in the U.S. The legal, regulatory and tax requirements for
establishing a small business are often more onerous than in other parts of the
world.

   A. The Success of Microenterprise: Increasing Income for Poor People

 Generally, the uses of microenterprise are broad, including full
self-employment, income patching n18 and job readiness. n19 Given this reality,
the self-reflective microenteprise industry is examining best practices in
assisting diverse groups of microentrepreneurs.

   A recent report from the Aspen Institute's Self-Employment Learning Project
(SELP) tracked 403 low-income entrepreneurs from 1991 through 1997 and found
that 72% of low-income microenterpreneurs experienced gains in income; 53% had
household income gains large enough to move them out of poverty;
microentrepreneurs in the study reduced their reliance on public assistance by
61%; and the business survival rate was 49%, comparable to national statistics
for business success. The study also estimates, based on statistics from the
U.S. Small Business Administration, the U.S. Department of Commerce and the U.S.
Department of Labor, that while there are 2-3 million low-income entrepreneurs,
the industry has been able to serve only a small fraction of them. n20

    [*391]  Other studies focus on microenterprise service sectors such as
refugees and immigrants, and the use of microenterprise programs for TANF
recipients and youth. n21 The viability of self-employment as a component of
services for exoffenders, many of whom have difficulty finding employment, also
deserves exploration. n22

   Overall, the U.S. microenterprise industry boasts impressive statistics.
There are three hundred and forty-one microenterprise programs listed in the
1999 Directory of U.S. Microenterprise Programs, 283 of these are practitioner
programs, n23 which provide loans and/or technical assistance to
microentrepreneurs. In 1997, these practitioner agencies served 57,125
individuals; 6,153 were borrowers and 50,972 were non-borrowers who received
training and technical assistance; 24,145 businesses were assisted in 1997 and
of these 10,791 were more than 12 months old while 7,054 were not operating
businesses when they came to the program; practitioner programs loaned $
33,262,529 to microenterpreneurs. Since these programs were established they
have served a cumulative total of 250,017 participants and disbursed more than $
160 million in loans to microentrepreneurs. n24

   The success of microenterprise is also reflected in a strong membership
association. Since 1991, the industry has been represented by the Association
for Enterprise Opportunity (AEO), the only national member-based association
dedicated to microenterprise development. Representing the U.S. microenterprise
agenda, AEO provides members with a forum, information and a voice to promote
enterprise opportunity for people and communities with limited access to
economic resources. n25 The industry has advocated for increased technical
assistance in the form of grant subsidies, business  [*392]  incubators and the
development of sectoral markets or shared networking clusters. n26

   B. Pros and Cons of Microenterprise Development

 Critics of microenterprise raise several concerns. They question whether
microenterprise is sound public policy given that the programs are expensive to
maintain and there are limited economic resources for social programs. Many
microenterprise programs have high overhead costs because of technical
assistance and business training and are not self-sufficient. Even though
interest rates are competitive, smaller loans are costly to underwrite. Unlike
their international counterparts, the U.S. regulatory, tax and legal systems are
complex, making it harder to establish a small business in America than in many
of the countries in which microenterprises flourish. Critics also argue that
there is only a small percentage of possible microenterpreneurs in the U.S.
population. Unlike international microcredit models which sometimes charge high
interest rates considered usurious in the U.S. and which may be economically
self-sufficient, it is unlikely that many domestic microenterprise programs will
be economically self-sufficient and may always need some public subsidy. n27 As
a result, many are concerned that microenterprise is "oversold" and touted as
the "answer to poverty alleviation."

    [*393]  Homelessness advocates are especially uneasy about the tendency of
welfare departments, for example, to think that businesses such as childcare are
a good route for clients even though they often pay very low wages and may allow
few chances for escaping poverty. n28 Microenterprise is not "the answer to
poverty" and blind reliance on this anti-poverty option is likewise not the
answer, yet the Aspen Institute study found that 72% of low-income
microentrepreneurs experienced income gains and 53% had enough household income
gain to move them out of poverty. n29

   Microenterprise critics also levy a category of arguments, which has yet to
find evidentiary support in studies about microenterprise. These critics argue
that microbusinesses are more likely to fail than mainstream businesses because
the owners lack business experience or formal education; industry specific
microbusinesses such as child care and garment industry work, operated by those
less able to protect themselves may contribute to the oppression of the group;
and caution that they may become sweatshops. To the contrary, the Aspen
Institute Study found that microenterprise business survival rates of 49% were
comparable to national statistics for business survival. Moreover, it is
arguable that the presence of technical assistance for microentrepreneurs may
help to combat sweatshop abuses, which can occur with small businesses that do
not have such support.

   Other critics maintain it is "doubtful that microenterprise will increase the
capacity for well-being for welfare dependent persons." n30 "Successful
entrepreneurs and welfare-dependent persons are statistically distinct groups.
They have predictably different personal situations and economic resources.
These differences strongly suggest that self-employment through small business
may not be an appropriate antipoverty strategy for welfare dependent persons."
n31

   Some of these critics fail to recognize a more comprehensive understanding of
the nature, uses and benefits of microenterprise development. Microenterprise is
not a panacea and may not work for everyone, yet it is working for many who are
serious and dedicated, often as an income patching strategy for low-wage
workers. n32 Sometimes people are able to make viable businesses out of hobbies
or special talents or interests such as sewing or cooking. Self-employment does
not depend on traditional educational  [*394]  credentials, allows women with
children who have child care concerns to work from home or makes childcare more
accessible by locating the workplace closer to child care. There are a variety
of service jobs in neighborhood commercial niches such as barber and beauty
shops, carpentry and lawn care. In a larger community economic development
context, neighborhood small businesses can provide long-term models of economic
enfranchisement for neighborhood residents. Self-employment has human capital
potential to generate income that far exceeds the minimum wage. It can help to
break the cycle of isolation, dependency and homelessness by providing economic
literacy and basic business skills and restore responsibility, dignity,
self-esteem, initiative and other personal assets such as leadership ability,
personal and business confidence. n33 Indeed, a number of microenterprise
programs particularly those for welfare dependent persons emphasize economic
literacy as a key feature. n34

   Another group of critics urges the microenterprise and legal communities to
document the human capital potential of microenterprise development. n35
Applying a feminist critique of microenterprise development, Professor Lucie
White observes that microenterprise has been supported by poverty activists in
clinical legal education:



   "In the same way that some loan circles have produced far-reaching results,
some legal clinicians have set up exemplary programs for politically and
socially empowering low-income women through the vehicle of assisting them with
micro-business planning. Yet, the paths toward empowerment on which this
strategy is premised are unclear. There are very few well-documented examples of
how the strategy can positively impact on the economic forces that constrain
low-income women's economic opportunity, even when a number of micro-businesses
are clustered in a single neighborhood." n36

 As the next section demonstrates, with increased government support, publicity,
program evaluation and analysis of best practices, hopefully, the
microenterprise industry will be able to further document results in actual
small business development including income patching, assistance in job
placement and sole income self-employment, and associated benefits including
economic literacy, empowerment and human capital development.

[*395]

   III. Federal, State and Public Funding Result in Increased Visibility for
Microenterprise Development

 Notably since the inception of microenterprise development in the U.S. there
have been sixteen different federal programs supporting the microenterprise
industry. n37 In the last decade these programs have invested more than $ 300
million to advance microenterpreneurship. n38 A recent manifestation of federal
support for microenterprise is the Program for Investment in Microentrepreneurs
Act of 1999, also referred to as the PRIME ACT, designed to build the
institutional strength of microenterprise development organizations so they can
respond to the growing demand for training and technical assistance among
low-income entrepreneurs. The law authorizes a cumulative appropriation level of
$ 105 million over four years starting with an appropriation of $ 15 million in
FY 2000. n39 Prime funds will be administered through the U.S. Small Business
Administration. They may be used by qualifying nonprofit organizations to
provide training and technical assistance to low-income and disadvantaged
entrepreneurs interested in starting their own businesses; to engage in capacity
building activities of microenterprise development programs and support research
and development activities aimed at identifying and promoting entrepreneurial
training and technical assistance programs to effectively serve low-income and
disadvantaged entrepreneurs.

   Another example of increased federal support to microenterprise development
programs is the new governmental agency, the Community Development Financial
Institution (CDFI) Fund, created by the 1994 Community Development Banking Act.
n40 CDFI, a part of the U.S. Treasury Department, provides loans and grants to
microenterprise programs and is now in its fifth year of funding save. In an
effort to maximize resources and convey information about the microenterprise
industry efficiently, there is a Microenterprise Development Interagency Website
to coordinate efforts throughout federal government agencies. n41 Efforts to
complement and strengthen microenterprise are found in the Assets for
Independence  [*396]  Demonstration Program at the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services (HHS), part of the Human Services Reauthorization Act of 1998,
which authorized a five-year, $ 125 million Individual Development Account (IDA)
demonstration program at HHS. This program has the potential to initiate 50,000
new IDA accounts nationally. IDAs, which are similar to employer-employee
retirement savings, are leveraged savings accounts dedicated to high return
investments in business capitalization, home ownership or post secondary
education. n42

   According to the Corporation for Enterprise Development which "aims to
incorporate Individual Development Accounts and other asset-building tools for
low-income people into the policy infrastructure ... "as of April 2000 all but
two states reported IDA policy or IDA-related activities. State support includes
direct general funds appropriation, state tax credits for contributors to IDA
programs, Community Development Block Grant Funds (CDBG) and TANF funds as well
as partnerships with nonprofit organizations using Assets for Independence Act
(AFIA). n43

   One federal program that has the ability to help some homeless people is the
Self-Employment Assistance (SEA) program of the U.S. Department of Labor which
allows eligible unemployment insurance claimants to collect benefits while
starting a business. Eleven states have enacted SEA legislation and eight states
have implemented SEA programs. n44 Similarly, the now defunct Job Training
Partnership Act (JTPA) Microenterprise Grant Program included a Microenterprise
Grant Program and focused on dislocated workers and the long term unemployed.
n45 The JPTA has been superceded by the Workforce Investment Act effective July
1, 2000 and advocates are studying how this new law is actually working. n46

    [*397]  Policy experts have found that the Personal Responsibility and Work
Opportunity Reconciliation Act (PRWORA) of 1996 n47 and the implementation of
the state TANF Program, allowed states broad discretion in many areas affecting
microenterprise. This discretion has made it easier for states to provide
microenterprise training and support. n48 The use of TANF funds may be revisited
in the 2002 Congressional reauthorization of the program. Statewide funding for
microenterprise is diverse including block grants from the federal government,
which flow through to states, such as CDBG funds from the U.S. Department of
Housing and Urban Development (HUD) and grants from city, county and regional
governments.

   State level microenterprise activity has lead to the creation of state
microenterprise associations (SMAs), which have organized around common
priorities - education, advocacy, peer information sharing, public policy design
and influence and capacity building. SMAs also use small amounts of state funds
to leverage larger amounts of federal funding.  n49

   Foundations and corporations such as Ford, Charles Stewart Mott and Levi
Straus have been critical to advancing microenterprise. Such support has also
facilitated research on best industry practices, described below.

   In the last decade, there have been a number of efforts to increase the
visibility of microenterprise development. The first is the Presidential Awards
for Microenterprise Development. Started in 1996, this non-monetary award
program was initiated to bring wider attention to important successes in the
domestic microenterprise industry. n50 Second, as part of a multipart
collaboration with AEO several other projects were initiated. These include, a
documentary film, To Our Credit, the first two-part comprehensive exploration
[*398]  of microcredit internationally and of the U.S. microenterprise industry;
n51 a research and development fund, The Microenterprise Fund for Innovation,
Effectiveness, Learning and Dissemination (FIELD), dedicated to the expansion
and sustainability of microenterprise development efforts, particularly those
aimed at poor Americans; and an American Bar Association sponsored publication,
A Legal Guide to Microenterprise Development, designed to encourage lawyers to
provide pro bono legal services to microentreprise development programs and
their clients.

   IV. The Future of Microenterprise

 The Microenterprise Fund For Innovation, Effectiveness, Learning and
Dissemination of the Aspen Institute has found that "training and technical
assistance are arguably the most important components of microenterprise
development services in the U.S. today, particularly for low-income clients."
n52 It recently made five $ 100,000 grants to pursue research to facilitate a
better understanding of what constitutes effective services. "FIELD's goal in
funding a cluster of grants on this subject was to identify and support
practitioner organizations interested in advancing the effectiveness of their
business training and technical assistance." n53 Similarly, in response to
industry concern that loan demand in the U.S. has been much lower than expected,
five organizations were granted $ 100,000 each "to identify tools that can help
low-income entrepreneurs obtain the capital they need to start or expand their
businesses." n54 To further chronicle developments in the field, the Journal of
Microfinance has been created to "help shape and advance the microfinance
movement by presenting articles on innovative approaches in microfinance,
[*399]  lessons learned from the field, and essays that represent the broad
spectrum of views in the microfinance community." n55

   V. Innovations in Homelessness and Microenterprise Development

 "Homeless people have trouble getting jobs and learning work skills. This
program provides self-esteem, places to work, and places to learn." Mayor (of
Toronto, Canada) Mel Lastman n56

   The Toronto Homeless Community Economic Development (CED) Project is a unique
collaboration between three levels of Canadian government (federal, provincial,
and municipal) and United Way of Greater Toronto. With a significant collective
investment of $ 1.1 million in the first year, leveraged by two donors to United
Way, the Toronto Homeless CED Project funds locally-run small projects that
involve homeless people and those at risk of being homeless in ventures designed
to "build life and work skills, develop self-esteem, and link them with viable
community services and employment opportunities. Examples of CED projects
include: catering businesses for low-income women, courier businesses, house
painting ventures, dog walking services, and casual labour job banks or craft
businesses that allow people to sell their products." n57 Recognizing that the
key to fighting homelessness is working together and by linking with the
business sector, the Toronto Homeless CED Project "is aimed at helping people
who are not well-served by traditional employment assistance programs including
aboriginals, abused women, people with mental health issues, families with
children, people with disabilities, refugees and immigrants, single men, single
parent families, single women and youth." n58

   While the Toronto Homeless CED Project appears to be one of the best funded
programs of its type in North America, there are other efforts to support
homeless people through self-employment.

   Some of the programs focus on women. The Coleman Foundation awarded a $
25,000 grant to the University of Colorado at Denver's Bard Center for
Entrepreneurship Development, which works with SafeHouse, a women's shelter. A
goal of the program is to "give the women a business background to help them in
their personal and professional lives," and to recognize that a  [*400]
home-based business could "help them with issues of income and child care." n59
Similarly, the Center for Women and Enterprise's Community Entrepreneurs Program
(CEP) in Boston is an entrepreneurship training and education program designed
to prepare low-income women, some of whom are homeless, to start their own
businesses. n60 Programs such as CEP recognize that employment does not
guarantee self-sufficiency and that many "working poor live lives of even
greater deprivation because of greater limitations on public benefits they are
eligible to receive." n61 Indeed, because of time limits on the 1996 welfare
law, benefits available in the past will no longer be available. Self-employment
can be essential to supplement low wage work and as CEP participants report,
self-employment training results in greater self-awareness and life enhancing
skills. n62

   Other programs focus on perceived growth occupations. The Salvation Army Woof
Program (Work Opportunities for Outstanding Futures), "provides low-income and
no-income individuals with instruction in both dog training and business
start-up in a ten week training program." n63 National Occupational Employment
Statistics show that animal care is expected to grow faster than the average of
all occupations through the year 2006. The program aims to open doors of
independence by enabling people to become professional trainers and build
successful businesses. Professional trainers can help to address the problem of
canine euthanasia by training dogs; 4 million canines are euthanized each year.
n64

   VI. Job Training and Economic Self-Sufficiency for Homeless Persons

 In addition to self-employment, microenterprise training is important to job
training as well. Indeed, a number of microenterprise programs are part of
larger job-training operations. While job-training programs for homeless  [*401]
persons are not new, the relevance, quality and long-term benefits of some
programs have been criticized. n65

   As the next section demonstrates, foundations, practitioners and scholars,
are attempting to reconcile and examine the most effective ways to prepare and
train disadvantaged job seekers who have structural and personal barriers to
employment with the realities of matching low-skilled workers with low-skilled
jobs. n66 This task requires knowledge of the social service environment,
innovation and creativity.

   A. Sector Employment Intervention

 Sectors of the legal services community, recognizing that its best efforts over
three decades have not reduced the need for legal services, have recently
advocated a new approach to complement litigation and other legal service
delivery, called "sector employment intervention" (SEI). SEI is a systematic
approach, which "aims to capture employment opportunities and resources beyond
neighborhoods, where employers are most often located." n67 By targeting
occupations within growing sectors of regional economies and engaging in system
reform of markets that have excluded minority workers, SEI has become a CED
vehicle to "connect residents of poor communities to employment opportunities,
livable wages and benefits, good working conditions, and advancement
opportunities." n68 SEI is based on the premise that legal service providers
have key access to many institutions in the wider community including "lawyers,
the organized bar, law schools, government officials, religious leaders,
business executives, schools, hospitals, universities and others." n69 To
achieve the goal of job creation in the information-age economy, SEI requires
collaborative partnerships "among community-based organizations, industry
employers, and employment and training providers, thus integrating human
services, economic development, and workforce development strategies." n70 SEI
is also a model for lawyers and legal advocates working with the homeless. The
priority-setting model of SEI allows for "focus groups of targeted populations
including homeless residents of a transitional housing facility ... As much as
they need housing, the homeless also need assistance in obtaining and keeping
good jobs. They need better day care for their children, better public
transportation and more support groups  [*402]  and advocates as they try to
find and maintain employment." n71 Illustrative of the SEI approach,
organizations such as the National Economic Development and Law Center have
linked child-care to economic development, leveraged financial and political
resources for child-care and increased the child care industry's small business
entrepreneurial capacity. n72

   B. Supportive Housing and Integrated Support Services

 The creation of supportive housing and other integrated supportive services is
further evidence of new initiatives in services for the poor and homeless. Our
House, a transitional-housing project in Little Rock, Arkansas, selected by the
Bush Administration as a "point of light" n73 is one example of an innovative
program. Utilizing a former nurses' quarters at a Veteran's Medical Center to
provide transitional-housing to homeless individuals and families, Our House has
two job-training programs. The first program provides training and experience
with computer hardware and software such as word processing programs and
spreadsheets. The computer trainees are required to wear business attire, learn
how to interview and apply for a job. Business people conduct mock job
interviews, which are videotaped to provide feedback to the trainees. A number
of the business people conducting the interviews were so impressed with the
trainees that they offered them "real" employment on the spot. n74 The second
program provides training and experience with small appliance repair such as
washers, dryers, toaster, refrigerators and vacuums. The repaired items are
given to formerly homeless people as they secure transitional or permanent
housing. The National Law Center on Homelessness and Poverty helped Our House
obtain the federal surplus property that houses the operation. During the last
nine years 87% of its graduates have been placed in jobs. n75

   C. Back-to-the-Earth Gardening Programs and Side Jobs

 Recognizing that homelessness and lack of job skills often go hand in hand, the
Homeless Garden Project's (HGP) mission is to employ and train  [*403]  homeless
people in Santa Cruz County, California, within a community supported organic
garden enterprise. The goals of the project are to offer a supportive,
meaningful work environment that encourages self-esteem, responsibility and
self-sufficiency, to provide a place for homeless people in community and to
practice principles of economic and ecological sustainability. The job training
and transitional employment are designed to help homeless people "acquire the
skills necessary to move in productive directions and lift themselves out of
their homeless or marginalized situation." n76 Since 1990, the Homeless Garden
Project has had a permanent staff of seven and employment and training positions
for 24 homeless workers in an "organic garden and minifarm," in a dried flower
and candle making enterprise, and in commercial produce and flower sales. The
organic farm and mini-garden are supported by Community Supported Agriculture
(CSA) in which individuals and families invest as shareholders in the garden by
buying into a harvest each year at the beginning of the growing season and
receive weekly supplies of the produce. n77 This arrangement produces capital to
maintain the organic garden and minifarm.

   The Woman's Organic Flower Enterprise (WOFE), which is part of HGP, produces
wreaths, dried flower arrangements from organic flowers and herbs grown in the
garden and hand-dipped beeswax candles. While producing a hand-crafted gift line
for wholesale, retail sale and internet purchase, the organic garden and
workshop provide a "nurturing space where women feel safe, where healing takes
place and where women learn to help themselves." n78 In addition, commercial
produce and flower sales (not distributed though CSA) are offered to local
restaurants, health food stores and other retail shops. Another activity of the
HGP is the Side Job Program, which provides opportunities for local residents to
hire Project workers for landscaping, yard work, hauling and similar jobs. n79
Thirty-six percent of the Homeless Garden Project's $ 200,000 annual budget
comes from its business activities. n80

[*404]

   D. Culinary Arts

 Consistent with the goal of creating good jobs with a future, D.C. Central
Kitchen created a Culinary Arts Training Program and Fresh Start, a catering,
bakery, and contract food services business. Homeless, unemployed and TANF
recipients receive valuable training while the catering service acts as a
graduate school for the students in the job-training program. Relying on
community and business partnerships, D.C. Central Kitchen boasts a 91%
after-graduation job placement rate. n81

   McMurphy's Grill in St. Louis Missouri is a nonprofit three-to-six month
training program for homeless people, persons at risk of being homeless and
people with mental health problems. Now in its tenth year of operation,
McMurphy's teaches work ethics and assists trainees with money management and
savings so they can locate a place to live. All of the trainees have case
managers. McMurphy's Celebrity Chef Program exposes trainees to local chefs who
announce job opportunities, and who provide monthly cooking demonstrations and
success strategies.

   E. Public Private-Partnerships to Abolish Homelessness

   1. Cafe Habitat

 Massachusetts is a leader in homelessness advocacy. In northwestern
Massachusetts where there is a large homeless population, social services for
the homeless have focused on obtaining housing and mental health services, but
assistance for economic self sufficiency or job training was lacking. Cafe
Habitat, a for profit organic coffee business, was started in 1995 by formerly
homeless people and shelter workers from the Grove Street Shelter. Initially,
the business hosted fund-raising events to explore options for economic
development for homeless people. With the assistance of business mentor Dean
Cycon, a former corporate lawyer and owner of Dean's Organic Coffee, Cafe
Habitat incorporated in 1996. Like its mentor, Cafe Habitat buys coffee from
independent coffee growers in Latin America. Undaunted by skeptics who thought
that Cafe Habitat would not be able to secure HUD funding, through the
Innovation Economic Initiatives Program, Cafe Habitat, with its fiscal agent,
n82 Service Net, a nonprofit organization, received a three-year  [*405]  $
400,000 grant from HUD to create a first of its kind Small Business Incubator
Project. Now in its fourth year of funding, Cafe Habitat has trained well over
100 homeless people. n83

   2. Miami-Dade County Homeless Trust

 In Dade County, Florida, business and social service groups joined forces and
lobbied the state to allow the county to create a 1 percent homeless tax on all
large restaurants that serve liquor. This has produced nearly $ 6.5 million a
year for the new Miami-Dade County Homeless Trust. n84 The Trust, created in
1993, was no doubt encouraged by the court's ruling in Pottinger v. Miami. n85
At the time of the lawsuit, there were only 700 shelter spaces for 6,000
homeless persons. Based on these facts, the court held that the city's policy of
arresting homeless people for sleeping in public places where the city could not
provide shelter, violated of the Equal Protection Clause, the Due Process Clause
and the Eighth Amendment right to travel. n86

   The mission of the Miami-Dade County Homeless Trust is to "oversee the
implementation of the Miami-Dade County Community Homeless Plan, to collect and
disperse public funding in this regard and to contract with the private sector
... to create a true public private partnership." n87 The creation of the trust
and a public/private partnership in Miami has by no means eliminated the
problems of homelessness in Miami-Dade County, but it is theoretically a model
and a step in the right direction. The trust has brought together a diverse
group of people to implement the goals of the Miami-Dade County Community
Homeless Plan. n88 The private dollars leverage and attract federal money. Since
1993 the county has received $ 38 million in food and beverage  [*406]  funding
and $ 25 million in private sector funding. It has been selected as one of six
U.S. HUD model cities initiative grantees (for a 1995 award of $ 15 million over
three years), it was also selected as a U.S. HUD Best Practice Program for its
Community Homeless Plan. n89 Miami-Dade County highlights receiving over $ 81.7
million in federal funding, $ 1.4 million in state funding and $ 1.2 million in
local funding since 1993. n90

   The Miami-Dade Homeless Trust in Florida and Cafe Habitat in Massachusetts
provide a theoretical model for what can be accomplished through collaboration
with the small business community. The model can be developed by examining and
expanding economic self-sufficiency opportunities for homeless people under the
umbrella of supportive services.

   VII. The Information Age, New Technologies and Homelessness Advocacy

 As noted earlier, there is an overlap between microenterprise development and
job-training and public-private partnerships as evidenced by the new field of
"remote access staffing." Remote access staffing refers to accessing products
and services from a distant location. Cyber Agents are phone operators/customer
service representatives working from home who handle e-commerce and other sales
transactions. They receive calls from customers for goods and services and
process the orders. Willow's Cybercenter Networks allows businesses to direct
calls to a Cyber Agent who owns a computer, pays for a basic two-week training
course, and monthly telcom charges. n91 Several Florida counties are using
Workforce Investment Act funding to pay for the Cyber Agent training. n92
Working Capital Florida Partners for Self-Employment, Inc. provides individual
loans of $ 500-2,000 each for persons who have completed Cyber Agent training to
purchase computer equipment. n93 Working Capital Florida Partners for
Self-Employment, through eleven outreach offices in four counties, offers
individual loans for Willow Network Cyber Agents. n94 Willow, a leader in the
remote staffing company field, was recognized by the Presidential Task Force on
Employment of Adults with  [*407]  Disabilities as one of the top job
opportunities in the country for disabled people. n95

   Unless the Cyber Agent training is paid for or subsidized, it would appear
difficult for homeless persons to access this type of program unless it is in
the context of supportive housing. While this type of program " job-training for
self-employment" is intriguing, it demands further investigation and study.

   Similarly, the Abilities Fund, "the first and only nationwide community
developer and financial lending institution targeted exclusively to advancing
entrepreneurial opportunities to Americans with disabilities," proposes to
combine CDFI and private funds to invest $ 10 million in existing
microenterprise networks for disabled entrepreneurs. n96

   The Nebraska Microenterprise Development Partnership Fund, with the support
of Union Bank, is developing a 6-month computer-training program. Participants
can earn bonus points for completing training, which can be used to lease
computers and printers to start small businesses. It is anticipated that between
1999 and 2002, the program will aid 77 low-income people in establishing small
businesses.  n97

   VIII. Social Entrepreneurism, Social Purpose Businesses, and Homeless
Economic Development

 Some of the aforementioned innovations, such as the Homeless Garden Project,
are part of an emerging field of social entrepreneurism, "a provocative blend of
social, philanthropic and business values" n98 which is an integration of social
work, community economic development and business development in the creation of
social purpose businesses. The National Center for Social Entrepreneurs defines
the term broadly. Social entrepreneurship is using smarter business and
marketing practices to generate more revenue to fuel mission-related activities.
On the enterprise spectrum, social entrepreneurship is somewhere between purely
philanthropic and purely commercial. n99 A subset of this phenomenon is homeless
economic development. The Roberts Foundation has been at the forefront of this
work. In 1990 it established the  [*408]  Homeless Economic Development Fund to
support the work of "New Social Entrepreneurs" and explore the potential for
nonprofit enterprise creation. The philosophical underpinnings of this movement
are that people are not "serviced out of poverty." n100 The ability to exit from
poverty is governed by employment, asset accumulation and wealth creation. A
final report on the experience of the San Francisco Homeless Women's Economic
Development Project indicated that "while only a few women were able to start
full-time businesses that provide enough income to support them, a large
proportion were successful in setting up small scale enterprises that provide
supplemental income to their full-or part-time jobs. Regardless of their
self-employment status, almost all of the participants experience significant
increase in their annual household income." n101 Given this reality a
recommendation for future projects is to offer economic development tracks such
a job training and job placement along with supportive services, child care and
transportation subdsidies. n102

   A number of innovative programs have been funded by The Roberts Fund, such as
the San Francisco Homeless Women's Economic Development Project and Asian
Neighborhood Design (AND). AND is a nonprofit organization that "provides
permanent and transitional jobs including work experience for persons who face
multiple barriers to employment." Areas of training include carpentry,
cabinetmaking, computer-aided design and drafting, plumbing, computer machine
operation and related fields. n103

   The current shift in the nonprofit sector is influenced by several factors:
the advent of devolution in which federal funding for a myriad of social,
educational and other programs is being transferred to the states; the rise of
social entrepreneurism described above; outsourcing inspired by the reinventing
government movements; for-profit competition in acquisitions, mergers, and
alliances; outcome performance (measuring impact or results); and the evolving
practice of venture philanthropy described in the next section. n104

[*409]

   A. Social Venture Philanthropy, the Changing Nature of Charitable Giving and
the Impact on Funding for Homelessness Advocacy n105

 Social Venture Philanthropy (SVP) is a new paradigm in charitable giving
influenced by venture capital. SVP is driven by new donors who are turning their
attention to charitable issues now that they have acquired substantial wealth.
The SVP model often allows for longer term investments (3-5 years) in nonprofit
organizations which are monitored and evaluated for progress, management and
expansion capabilities, eliminating the need for nonprofit groups to reapply,
yearly in some cases, for grant funds. SVP models choose organizations led by
social entrepreneurs, nonprofit leaders who combine social philanthropic and
business values. n106

   The private efforts of wealthy Americans complement the work of government.
73% of Americans gave to charity last year. In 1999, charitable gifts totaled $
190 billion. One survey found that 90 percent of business owners contribute to
charity. n107 America, claiming to be the richest, strongest and smartest nation
on earth produces more millionaires and billionaires than any other country. The
multimillionaires of the booming technology industries are changing the way
philanthropy is approached. Researchers refer to the "golden era of
philanthropy." A number of foundations are analyzing "the nonprofit capital
market." n108 The theory is that investments in nonprofits are still capital
investments seeking social and economic, not purely financial returns. This
analysis requires that nonprofit capital investments be managed with due
diligence and strategic thinking applied in the for-profit world. Although
government funding of nonprofit groups will remain at the forefront, government
spending has slowed considerably and there are many more cutbacks projected.
n109 The nonprofit capital market will also shift considerably in the future -
the wealth creation of the past 15 years from Baby Boomers' inheritances is
projected to exceed $ 1 trillion in the next twenty years. n110 This new trend
in venture philanthropy, using the aggressive venture capital methods that
created the new wealth, means that nonprofit organizations working with homeless
people will have to consider entrepreneurial approaches to sustainability. "This
new breed of philanthropist scrutinizes  [*410]  each charitable cause like a
potential business investment, seeking maximum return in terms of social impact
- for example, by counting the number of children taught to read or the number
inoculated against malaria." n111

   Critics of SVP say that not all problems can be solved with commercial
approaches. n112 Some believe that the characteristics of venture philanthropy -
measurable and result-oriented giving - are already being employed by many
donors. n113 Others caution that the outcome measure driven nature of SVP may
thwart the learning process and nonprofit groups' willingness to openly discuss
and share lessons learned. These concepts of strategic philanthropy, outcome
funding, engaged grant making and grant making for effective organizations are
gaining increased attention as many social actors believe that the approaches of
the past have not resulted in the sought after impact or change.

   One example of an outcome driven model is Seattle Children's Home's call for
businesses and nonprofit groups to work toward the goal of no children living on
the streets of Seattle by 2005. The board of directors of the Seattle Children's
Home designed a continuum of care, "a new model based upon private investment
where the kids would get well, stay well and become successful adults. It would
be a model where the dollars would follow the kids. But, it had to be a business
plan and not a social commentary, for it would need to attract not just
donations but investments," n114 To accomplish this goal, the Seattle Children's
Home coordinates support from family, educators, social workers, clinicians,
physicians and others. The building blocks of the continuum of care model are
comprehensive assessment services, parent advocacy, enriched case management,
strategic alliances of service providers and outcome accountability. Children
and families work together in multi-systems to establish and achieve mutually
agreed goals. n115 And homelessness advocates could benefit from further study
of the Seattle Children's Home and similar programs.

   B. A Critical Role for Lawyers and Legal Advocates

 Lawyers are needed to interpret the legal issues in the new philanthropy and to
lobby for legislative and policy changes that support the abolition of  [*411]
homelessness. n116 Transactional counsel is needed in corporate, tax, contracts
and intellectual property matters such as examining joint venture relationships
between a nonprofit and its for profit collaborators. Legal counsel is also
needed to protect a homeless advocacy organization's intellectual property
rights in publications, trademarks and logos. As one scholar notes, "Legal
counsel face a daunting task when asked to advise section 501(c)(3) tax exempt
entities... as to what economic development activity involving for profit entity
is charitable. n117 Scholars suggest that internal revenue law reforms are
needed in the areas such as unrelated business income tax in order for nonprofit
organizations to be engaged in successful economic development and job creation
endeavors. n118

   Similarly, lawyers are needed to address legal issues associated with the
Workforce Investment Act of 1998 (WIA) which took effect July 1, 2000 and which
repeals and replaces the Job Training Partnership Act (JTPA). n119 WIA
establishes a new national framework for low-income and other people seeking
employment. Legal services attorneys urge the importance of advocacy efforts on
WIA mandated state and local implementation. One example of advocacy is focused
on formation of the state and local workforce investment boards. n120  [*412]
Once low-income and other workers secure employment, legal services advocates
can protect their employment rights. n121

   The faith-based policy initiative of the George W. Bush administration may
also spur the need for legal interpretation. This new initiative, designed to
make federal programs more friendly to faith-based organizations, has generated
considerable discussion at the start of the new administration. n122

   Conclusion

 This essay focuses on policies and innovations in income creation for homeless
people. Integrated approaches to homelessness prevention and policies that
combine housing, income and social services are essential for the abolition of
homelessness. Microenterprise development, innovative job training and strategic
partnerships with the business community, will advance the goal of eliminating
homelessness. Some of the programs described herein are new. While the jury is
still out on the efficacy of some, these programs seem to represent innovations
that value the humanity, human capital, individuality, social and economic needs
of homeless people and they deserve further study in best practices. At the same
time, they reflect the current trends toward economic self-sufficiency in the
American policy rhetoric.


Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Family LawFamily Protection & WelfareDependent & Disabled
AdultsServicesInternational LawAuthority to RegulateTaxationPublic Health &
Welfare LawSocial ServicesEconomic Development

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  See National Alliance to End Homelessness, Facts About Homelessness, at
http://www.naeh.org/back/factsus.html (last visited Feb. 7, 2001).





n2.  See American Bar Association: Commission on Homelessness and Poverty,
Homelessness in America.





n3.  Peter Salsich, Jr, Homelessness and the Law Symposium: Homelessness at the
Millennium: Is the Past Prologue?, 23 Stetson L. Rev. 331, 332-34, 336-42
(1994). One such solution is the Continuum of Care model, part of a Consolidated
Plan developed by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) to
track the outcome and impact of billions of dollars for affordable housing and
community development. The Continuum of Care model is designed to reflect a
community's vision and action plan for comprehensive services to the homeless.
The Continuum of Care model can also assist localities in obtaining
competitively awarded grants under the Stewart B. McKinney Homeless Assistance
Act. See also Deborah Austin & Susan Jones, Learning From HUD: A Continuum of
Service for the Small Business Community, 9 J. Aff. Housing & Community Dev. L.
119 (2000).





n4.  Susan R. Jones, A Legal Guide to Microenterprise Development: Battling
Poverty Through Self-Employment, American Bar Association Commission on
Homelessness and Poverty (1998). Microenterprise development is a community
economic development (CED) and anti-poverty strategy in which business training,
technical assistance, and/or small loans are provided to very small businesses.





n5.  Peter Werwath et al., Helping People Get Jobs: Case Studies and Other
Resources 9-10 (1999), available at http://www.enterprisefoundation.org. See
also Hard Labor: Women and Work in the Post-Welfare Era 77 (Joel F. Handler &
Lucie White eds., 1999) [hereinafter Hard Labor].





n6.  Human capital is the term social scientists use to "describe the positive
externalities that accrue when individuals take control of their lives, develop
self-esteem, and succeed in the economic market place." Susan R. Jones,
Self-Employment: Possibilities and Problems, in Hard Labor, supra note 5, at 76
[hereinafter Possibilities and Problems].





n7.  The Massachusetts Housing and Shelter Alliance, dispelling the myth that
homeless people are anonymous street people wandering from shelter to shelter,
asserts that some of the homeless come from youth programs such as foster care.
See Massachusetts Housing and Shelter Alliance, Making Prevention Tangible,
Preventing Homelessness: Policy, Protocols and Practices for Discharge and
Planning (1999).





n8.  For more information on microenterprise and youth see Susan R. Jones, Youth
Entrepreneurship and Microenterprise Development, in American Bar Association,
America's Youth Still at Risk (forthcoming 2001). Available from The ABA
Steering Committee on the Legal Needs of Children. For a discussion of using
Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) funds to support youth
initiatives, see Marie Cohen & Mark Greenberg, Tapping TANF for Youth: When and
How Welfare Funds Can Support Youth Development, Education and Employment
Initiatives (Jan. 2000), at Center for Law and Social Policy (CLASP) website at
http://www.clasp.org/pubs/jobseducation/jobseducation employability.htm (last
visited on Feb. 22, 2001).





n9.  While Joe's story is an entirely fictional account it could be someone's
story. The author represented a microenterprise program in which one of the
participants, a homeless man, was establishing a bicycle repair business while
receiving housing assistance. The Center for Women and Enterprise's Community
Entrepreneurs Program works with some homeless women. Indeed, as the
microenterprise industry reflects on its work with certain populations, such as
persons with disabilities, immigrants and youth, homeless people will be among
them.





n10.  Fatherhood programs teach active parenting skills. Telephone Interview
with Joseph Osborne, Executive Director, Lancaster Fatherhood Project (Oct. 12,
2000).





n11.  This type of business can require substantial legal and regulatory
expertise. In addition to creating a legal entity such as a corporation or a
limited liability company, the business requires service contracts and liability
insurance. In Washington, D.C. for example, a handyman/carpenter would need a
home improvement contractor's license and a general business license. A
prerequisite to the license is bonding.





n12.  AEO defines a microenterprise as a sole proprietorship, partnership or
family business that has fewer than five employees, small enough to benefit from
loans under $ 25,000 and too small to access commercial banking services. See
Association for Enterprise Opportunity, Microenterprise Fact Sheet Series, Fact
Sheet #1 - Microenterprise Development in the United States: An Overview (2000),
at http://www.microenterpriseworks.org/
microdevelopment/factsheets/factsheetsindex.htm. [hereinafter Micrenterprise
Fact Sheet Series, Fact Sheet #1] (last visited April 18, 2001). Another
definition is a business comprised of one to five people with less than $ 5,000
in start up capital. See Lewis D. Solomon, Microenterprise: Human Reconstruction
in America's Inner Cities, 15 Harv. J. L. & Pub Pol'y 191, 192 (1992).





n13.  See Microenterprise Fact Sheet Series, Fact Sheet #1, supra note 12 See
also John F. Else, An Overview of the Microenterprise Development Field in the
U.S., Institute for Social and Economic Development, International Labor Office
3, 36 (2000). See also e-mail from Bill Edwards, the Executive Director of the
Association for Enterprise Opportunity (Nov. 30, 2000) (on file with author)
(reports that there are 700 microenterprise programs in 50 states).





n14.  Else, supra note 13, at 25.





n15.  Jones, Possibilities and Problems, supra note 6, at 78.





n16.  E-mail from Bill Edward, supra note 12. Some advocates believe that the
peer-lending model is less attractive in the U.S. because the cultural and
community constructs, which cement the peer-lending model, are often absent in
the U.S.





n17.  Jones, Possibilities and Problems, supra note 6, at 78.





n18.  Income patching involves supplementing full-or part-time work with income
from self-employment. See generally Association for Enterprise Opportunity,
Microenterprise Fact Sheet Series, Fact Sheet #5 - Sources of Public Funding
(2000), at
http://www.microenterpiseworks.org/microdevelopment/factsheets/Factsheetsindex.h
t m (last visited April 18, 2001).





n19.  For examples of the uses of microenterprise including self-employment, job
patching and job readiness, see Jones, Possibilities and Problems, supra note 6,
at 78.





n20.  Peggy Clark & Amy Kays, Microenterprise and the Poor: Findings From the
Self-Employment Learning Project Five-Year Survey of Microentrepreneurs vii, 16,
35, 48, 68 (1999).





n21.  See generally John F. Else & Carmel Clay-Thompson, Refugee Microenterprise
Development: Achievements and Lessons Learned, Institute for Social and Economic
Development (1998); Lisa Plimpton & Mark Greenberg, TANF Policies in Nine
States: Implications for Microenterprise Initiatives Center for Law and Social
Policy, at http://clasp.org/pubs/jobseducation/microenterprises.htm (last
visited April 18, 2001). (Dec. 1999); Mark Greenberg, Developing Policies to
Support Microenterprise in the TANF Structure: A Guide to the Law,
Microenterprise Fund for Innovation, Effectiveness, Learning and Dissemination
(1999).





n22.  See Matthew C. Sonfield, From Inmate to Entrepreneur: A Preliminary
Analysis, at http://www.sbaer.uca.edu/docs/proceedings/92sbi039.txt.





n23.  Practitioner Programs give loans, training and technical assistance
directly to entrepreneurs. They are distinguished from Practitioner Support
Agencies, which are generally intermediaries that service Practitioner Programs
in program planning and design, training, research and evaluation and financial
assistance. Some of the agencies in the Directory serve both functions. Jennifer
A. Langer et al., 1999 Directory of U.S. Microenterprise Programs,
Microenterprise Fund for Innovation, Effectiveness, Learning and Dissemination
(FIELD) xii-xvi (1999).





n24.  Id. at xv.





n25.  For more information about AEO visit its web site at
http://www.microenterpriseworks.org (last visited April 18, 2001).





n26.  Sectoral markets maximize resources and help low-income entrepreneurs
connect to more lucurative, high-value markets through cooperative efforts. See,
Making the Connection: Appalachian Center for Economic Networks, a study
examining how the Center helped microentrepreneurs break into the specialty and
natural foods industry in Ohio. For more information about the book visit the
website for the Microenterprise Fund for Innovation, Effectiveness, Learning and
Dissemination (FIELD), at http:www.fieldus.org (last visited April 18, 2001), or
call the Publications hotline (410) 820-5338. For general information on
sectorial markets visit the AEO website, at http://www.microenterpriseworks.org.
For information about business incubators, visit the National Business
Incubation Association website at http://www.nbia.org (last visited April 18,
2001). Business Incubators offer fledgling companies benefits and resources such
as office space and basic office services (e.g., receptionist, fax and photocopy
machines), legal and accounting help and sometimes offer access to venture
capital. For profit business incubators provide the aforementioned services in
exchange for an equity stake in the company and some have helped to bring some
start-up technology companies to fruition. Shared networking clusters offer
enhanced incubation services. See Morten T. Hansen et al., Networked Incubators:
Hothouses of the New Economy, Harv. Bus. Rev. (2000) (describing networked
incubators, distinguishable from those that provide a place to "set up shop"
because they foster partnerships among start-up teams, facilitate talent and
forge marketing and technology relations).





n27.  This issue is a source of considerable discussion in the microenterprise
community and is one of the reasons that U.S. practitioners use the terminology
microenterprise and not micro credit. They contend that it takes more than just
"credit" to operate a U.S. microbusiness. Often times, the business training and
technical assistance is more important than the loan. Indeed, one of the
findings of the FIELD study is that many participants completing training did
not request loans. See The Aspen Institute, Field Forum 2 (Oct. 1999).





n28.  See e-mail from Clare Pastore, Staff Attorney, Western Center on Law and
Poverty in Los Angeles, California (Nov. 27, 2000) (on file with author).





n29.  Peggy Clark & Amy Kays, Microenterprise and the Poor: Findings from the
Self-Employment Learning Project Five-Year Survey of Microentrepreneurs vii
(1999).





n30.  Louise A. Howells, The Dimensions of Microenterprise: A Critical Look at
Microenterprise as a Tool to Alleviate Poverty, 9 J. Aff. Housing 2,174 (2000).





n31.  Id. at 162.





n32.  See Microenterprise Fact Sheet Series-Fact Sheet #1, supra note 12.





n33.  See Jones, Possibilities and Problems, supra note 6, at 78.





n34.  Colette Dumas, Evaluating the Outcomes of Microenterprise Training for
Low-Income Women 3 (unpublished Ph.D dissertation), Suffolk University, Frank
Sawyer School of Management, Boston (copy on file with the author) [hereinafter
Dumas dissertation].





n35.  Lucie E. White, Feminist Microenterprise: Vindicating the Rights of Women
in the New Global Order?, 50 Me. L. Rev. 327, 332 (1998).





n36.  Id.





n37.  Federal Microenterprise Funding Programs, at http://www.microenterprise
works.org/microdevelopment/federalfunding.htm (last visited April 18, 2001).





n38.  Microenterprise Fact Sheet Series - Fact Sheet #5, supra note 18.





n39.  Community Development Banking and Financial Institutions Act of 1994, 12
U.S.C. 4701 et seq. (2000). The appropriation for fiscal year 2001 is $
250,000,000; $ 300,000,000 for Fiscal Year 2002 and $ 350,000,000 for fiscal
year 2003.





n40.  Id. See also Donald A. Lash, The Community Development Banking Act and the
Evolution of Credit Allocation Policies, 7 J. Aff. Housing and Community Dev.
Law 385 (1998) (provides a history of banking reforms, the legislative history
and an overview of the Community Development Banking Act of 1994).





n41.  For more information visit the Microenterprise Development Federal Agency
website, at http://www.sba.gov/microenter (last visited April 18, 2001).





n42.  Individual Development Accounts: Hearing Before the D.C. City Council
Committee on Economic Development (2000) (statement of Ray Boshara, Policy
Director for CFED). See generally Michael Sherradan, Assets and the Poor (1991).





n43.  Assets for Independence Act (AFIA), Pub. L. No. 105-285, 112 Stat. 2579
(1998). AFIA provides competitive grants to nonprofit IDA programs. Although it
was authorized at $ 125 million over five years, it received a $ 10 million
appropriation in fiscal year 1999 and 2000. See also Corporation for Enterprise
Development, Federal and State IDA Policy Overview (2000).





n44.  The follow states have enacted SEAS legislation: New York, Maine, Oregon.
Delaware, New Jersey, California, Maryland and Pennsylvania. See Association of
Enterprise Opportunity, AEO Policy Committee, 1998-1999 Key Accomplishments, AEO
1999 Legislative Priorities, AEO Fact Sheets, at
www.microenterpriseworks.org/aboutaeo/ committees (last visited April 18, 2001).





n45.  Job Training Partnership Act, 29 U.S.C. 1501 et seq. (2000) (repealed by
Workforce Development Act of 1998, Pub. L. No. 105-220, 112 Stat. 936 (1998))
(codified as 504 of the Rehabilitation Act, 29 U.S.C. 794(d)).





n46.  Greg Bass, Adult and Dislocated Worker Job Training Provisions of Title I
of the Workforce Investment Act of 1998: Part 1 - Federal, State, and Local
Work-Force Investment System, 33 Clearinghouse Rev. 525-528 (Feb. 2000); Greg
Bass, Adult and Dislocated Worker Job Training Provisions of Title I of the
Workforce Investment Act of 1998: Part 2 - Delivery of Services, 33
Clearinghouse Rev. 649 (Apr. 2000).





n47.  Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Act of 1996, 42 U.S.C. 601
(2000).





n48.  Plimpton & Greenberg, supra note 21, at 3. TANF Policies in Nine States:
Implications for Microenterprise Initiatives, Center for Law and Social Policy
(CLASP) 3 (2000) at
http://www.clasp.org/pubs/jobseducation/jobseducationemployability.htm. The
welfare law also created obstacles to microenterprise development with its
emphases on time limits, caseload reduction, and limits on longer-term education
and training. See also Mark Greenberg, Developing Policies to Support
Microenterprise in the TANF Structure: A Guide to the Law, Microenterprise Fund
for Innovation, Effectiveness, Learning and Dissemination (FIELD) (1999).





n49.  See Association for Enterprise Opportunity, State Associations, at
http://www.microenterpriseworks.org/stateassoc (last visited Nov. 1, 2000). See
William Lewis Randolph, Capitalizing Microenterprise Funds: The Virginia
Enterprise Initiative (2000), at http://www.usabe.org (last visited Nov. 1,
2000). SMA's have identified legal issues ranging from the limits on lobbying to
the feasibility of merging existing microenterprise programs.





n50.  For more information about the Presidential Awards for Excellence in
Microenterprise Development visit the Community Development Financial
Institution website, at http://www.treas.gov/cdfi (last visited Mar. 23, 2000).





n51.  For more information about To Our Credit visit its website at
http://www.toourcredit.org (last visited Mar. 23, 2000).





n52.  Aspen Institute, supra note 27, at 1.





n53.  Id. The grantees mission is to creatively understand the impact of
training and technical assistance on low-income entrepreneurs' skills
development and the business they create. The grantees are: 1) Women's
Initiative for Self-Employment, San Francisco, California; 2) Institute for
Social and Economic Development, Iowa City, Iowa; 3) Detroit Entrepreneurship
Institute, Inc., Detroit, Michigan; 4) Women's Housing and Economic Development
Corp., Bronx, New York; and 5) Central Vermont Community Action, Barre, Vermont.





n54.  Grants were awarded in August 1999. For Immediate Release, FIELD Awards $
500,000 to Groups Exploring Links Between Training/Entrepreneurship, Wednesday,
August 4, 1999 and FIELD Awards $ 500,000 to Groups Testing Ways to Pump Capital
Into Low-Income Businesses (on file with author and available from The Aspen
Institute, One Dupont Circle, NW, Suite 700, Washington, DC 20036; phone
202.736.5800; fax 202.467.0790; emailfieldus@aspeninstitute.org). The grantees
for the capital expansion project are: 1) Community Ventures Corporation,
Lexington, Kentucky; 2) Coastal Enterprises, Wiscasset, Maine; 3) Accion U.S.
Network, Cambridge, Massachusetts 4) New Hampshire Community Loan Fund, Concord,
New Hampshire; and 5) West Central Wisconsin Community Action Agency, Glenwood
City, Wisconsin.





n55.  Journal of Microfinance, at http://www.microjournal.com; see Association
of Enterprise Opportunity, at http://www.microenterpriseworks.org - AEO Exchange
July-August, 1999, p 2.





n56.  United Way and Three Levels of Government Launch New Program to Help
Reduce and Prevent Homelessness, Canada Newswire, Jan. 19, 2000, available at
LEXIS, News Library, News Group File.





n57.  Id. at 56. Telephone Interview with Dan Clement, Director, Special
Projects and New Initiatives, United Way of Greater Toronto (Oct. 24, 2000)
[hereinafter Telephone Interview with Dan Clement].





n58.  Id. at 56. Telephone Interview with Dan Clement, supra note 57.





n59.  Kristen Go, Survivors Learn Business Skills, The Denver Post, Oct. 9,
1999, at A-26, available at LEXIS, News Library, News Group File; Telephone
Interview with Sherry Maloney, Safe House Program Administrator, University of
Colorado's Bard Center (Oct. 16, 2000).





n60.  Conversation with Jennifer Bennet, Director, Community Entrepreneurs
Program, Center for Women and Enterprise (July 27, 2000). See also Center for
Women and Enterprise, at http://www.cweboston.org (last visited Nov. 1, 2000).





n61.  Dumas dissertation, supra note 34.





n62.  Id. at 14, 21-22.





n63.  The Salvation Army Selects Matthew "Uncle Matty' Margolis and His
Exclusive Program, The Business of Dog Training, to Teach the Homeless a
Profession with a Future, Business Wire (Nov. 5, 1999), at
http://www.unclematty.com, or http://www.salvationarmy-social.org.





n64.  Telephone Interview with Mathew Margolis, Founder, National Institute of
Dog Training (Oct. 26, 2000). The first dog-training program had 40 homeless
participants ranging from 19 - 60 years of age. The second program, which began
in early October 2000, had 85 participants.





n65.  Peter Werwath et al., Helping People Get Jobs: Case Studies and Other
Resources, The Enterprise Foundation 1-4 (1999).





n66.  Id.





n67.  Greg Volz & Brad Caftel, Job Strategies in the Era of Welfare Reform: A
Community-Based Model of Legal Services, 33 Clearinghouse Rev. 569, 571(2000).





n68.  Id.





n69.  Id. at 569. See also Nona Liegeois et al., Helping Low-income People Get
Decent Jobs: One Legal Services Program's Approach, 33 Clearinghouse Rev. 279
(1999).





n70.  Id.





n71.  Volz & Caftel, supra note 67, at 577.





n72.  For more information about SEI visit the NEDLC website, at
http:///nedlc.org/programs.





n73.  The Points of Light Foundation, created in 1990, is a private foundation
encouraging volunteerism and private efforts to combat social problems. See
Heather Gottry, Profit or Perish: Nonprofit Social Service Organizations &
Social Entrepreneurship, 2 Geo. J. on Poverty L. & Pol'y 249, 253 n.20 (1999).





n74.  Thanks to Laurel Weir, Policy Director of the National Law Center on
Homelessness and Poverty, for providing initial information about Our House and
other job training programs for homeless people. See email form Laurel Weir,
Policy Director of the National Law Center on Homelessness and Poverty (Mar. 10,
2000) (on file with author). Telephone Interview with Joe Flaherty, Director,
Our House (Oct. 11, 2000).





n75.  Telephone interview with Joe Flaherty, supra note 74.





n76.  For information about the Homeless Garden Project visit the web site, at
http://www.infopoint.com/sc/orgs/garden (visited July 25, 2000). For a
discussion of the role of gardening in community economic development and a
review of the legal issues in establishing community gardens on vacant land, see
Jane E. Schukoske, Community Development Through Gardening: State and Local
Policies Transforming Urban Open Space, 3 N.Y.U. J. Legis. & Pub. Pol'y (2000).





n77.  Telephone Interview with Jane Petroff, Executive Director, Homeless Garden
Project (Oct. 24, 2000).





n78.  Id.





n79.  Id. There are a number of examples of side job or odd job projects. One of
them, Central Union Mission, in Washington, D.C. has a catering project in which
trained cooks are teaching homeless people culinary arts.





n80.  Id. Proponents of back to the earth employment and training programs have
also found international examples to assist them. Modeled on successful social
experiments in Denmark, the Hyannis, Massachusetts based Housing Assistance
Corporation received a $ 250,000 grant from the U.S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development to buy land for a farm that will be inhabited and run almost
entirely by homeless men.





n81.  For more information about D.C. Central Kitchen, see the website at
http://www.dccentralkitchen.org (last visited Nov. 2, 2000).





n82.  Fiscal agency also known as fiscal sponsorship arises when a project wants
to get support from a private foundation, government agency or tax deductible
contributions from individual or corporate donors and looks for a 501(c)(3)
sponsor to receive funds on its behalf for project purposes. See Gregory L.
Colvin, Fiscal Sponsorship, Six Ways To Do It Right 2-4 (1993).





n83.  Conversation with Dafney Bishop, Founder of Cafe Habitat (August 4, 2000).
Telephone Interview with Rebecca Muller, Shelter and Housing Division Leader,
Service Net (Oct. 13, 2000).





n84.  Jeanne DeQuine, Project Offers More Than Just Shelter, Christian Science
Monitor, Aug. 8, 1996, at 1. See also Miami-Dade County Homeless Trust, at
http://www.co.miami-dade.fl.us/homeless (last visited Aug. 9, 2000).





n85.  Conversation with Arthur Rosenberg, Director, Florida Legal Services (July
24, 2000). Pottinger v. City of Miami, 720 F. Supp, 955 (S.D. Fla 1989)
(Pottinger I); Pottinger v. City of Miami, 810 F. Supp, 1551 (S.D. Fla. 1991)
(Pottinger II); Pottinger v. City of Miami, 40 F.3d 1155 (11th Cir. 1994)
(Pottinger III), remanded, 76 F.3d 1154 (11th Cir. 1996) (Pottinger IV).





n86.  Id.





n87.  Telephone Interview with Julieann B. Edwards, Assistant Executive
Director, Miami-Dade Homeless Trust (Oct. 17, 2000). See also Miami-Dade County
Homeless Trust, supra note 84





n88.  Conversation with Arthur Rosenberg, Director, Florida Legal Services (July
24, 2000). The Miami-Dade County Homeless Trust implements the Miami-Dade County
Homeless Plan, which includes a Continuum of Care. The trust is funded by
federal, state and private sources.





n89.  Id. at 84.





n90.  See Miami-Dade County Homeless Trust, supra note 84.





n91.  Call Center Magazine, April 2000, at 1 (on file with author), available at
http://www.callcentermagazine.com (last visited Nov. 16, 2000).





n92.  Conversation with Marty Urra, Director of Cyber-Agent Administration at
Willow (Feb. 6, 2001).





n93.  Id.





n94.  See Brochure on Partners for Self-Employment, Inc., Enterprise Network
Fund, Loan Capital (copy on file with author).





n95.  Willow Cybercenter Networks, Company Background, at
http://www.willowcsn.com (visited Oct. 11, 2000).





n96.  See e-mail from Irina Zabello-Scemelova, AEO (Nov. 21, 2000) (copy on file
with the author).





n97.  Werwath et al., Helping People Get Jobs, supra note 65, at 45.





n98.  The Roberts Foundation, New Social Entrepreneurs: The Success, Challenge
and Lessons of Non-Profit Enterprise Creation, A Progress Report on the Planning
and Start-up of Non-Profit Businesses from the Roberts Foundation, Homeless
Economic Development Fund 2-3 (1996).





n99.  The National Center for Social Entrepreneurs, Social Entrepreneurship and
Venture Capitalism: The Future of Philanthropy?, Washington Areas Lawyers for
the Arts, Second Annual Arts and Entertainment Law Symposium (Nov. 9, 2000).





n100.  Id. at 97.





n101.  Self-Employment and Very Low-Income Women: A Final Report on the
Experience of the San Francisco Homeless Women's Economic Development Project 31
(May 1995).





n102.  Id.





n103.  For information about Asian Neighborhood Design (AND) visit the website
at http://www.andnet.org/home.html (last visited July 31, 2000).





n104.  Jed Emerson, The U.S. Nonprofit Capital Market: An Introductory Overview
of Developmental Stages, Investors and Funding, The Roberts Enterprise
Development Fund, The Roberts Foundation 1-11(1998). See also By the Year 2005
No Child Will Have to Live on the Streets of Seattle: President of Seattle
Children's Home Issues Call for Partnership with the For-Profit Sector to
Eliminate Homelessness Among Children, PR Newswire (May 12, 1999).





n105.  The first ever White House Conference on Philanthropy Gifts for the
Future on Oct. 22, 1999 "highlighted the unique American tradition of giving,
discussed the diverse and changing face of philanthropy and explored how we as a
nation can sustain and expand this tradition for future generations." See
http://www.search.nara.gov.





n106.  Emerson, supra note 104, at 15.





n107.  In Brief: Giving, Study Shows Gifts by Entrepreneurs, The Chronicle of
Philanthropy (Nov. 30, 2000).





n108.  Id.





n109.  Between 1992 and 1996 government funding increased only 2.9% compared to
8.4% between 1987 and 1992. Emerson, supra note 104, at 7.





n110.  Id.





n111.  Karl Taro Greenfeld, The New Philanthropy, A New Way of Giving, Time
Magazine, July 2000, at 50-51.





n112.  David Whitford, The New Shape of Philanthropy: The Internet Generation is
Bringing the Principles of Venture Capital to Philanthropy, it's Innovative-But
is it Effective, Fortune, June 2000, at 315.





n113.  Shashank Bengall, California Community Leader Discusses Future of Venture
Philanthropy, San Jose Mercury News, Aug. 9, 1999.





n114.  By the Year 2005 No Child Will Have to Live on the Streets of Seattle,
supra note 104





n115.  For more information about the Seattle Children's Home visit their
website at http://www.seattlechildrenshome.org (last visited April 18, 2001).





n116.  It is noteworthy several AEO members in Ohio and Boston report successful
relationships with attorneys who provide pro bono or reduced fee services.
Volunteers of Legal Service (VOLS) in New York works with microentrepreneurs who
have been identified by economic development corporations such as the Business
Resource and Investment Center in Harlem. VOLS asks law firms to pledge 30 hours
of pro bono time. Law firms have helped microbusiness with "food preparation,
clothing design, operating a beauty salon, child care, writing and so on. The
legal work includes preparing organization documents, reviewing contracts and
financial documents, leasing issues, assistance on workers' compensation,
licensing and employment matters." Lawyers provide one-on-one legal counseling
and make presentations on legal issues such as commercial leasing and choice of
legal entity. Pro Bono Part II, Organizations VOLS: Moving People From Welfare
to Employment - Microenterprise and the MFY Partners, The Metropolitan Corporate
Counsel 50 (Sept. 2000).





n117.  Gregory G. Maher, Charitable Economic Development: It's Time the IRS Took
Another Look, 7 J. Affordable Housing and Community Dev. Law 31, 33 (1997).





n118.  Heather Grottry, Profit or Perish: Nonprofit Social Service Organizations
& Social Entrepreneurship, 2 Geo. J. on Poverty L. & Pol'y 249, 272-274 (1999).





n119.  Workforce Investment Act of 1998, Pub. L. No. 105-220, 112 Stat. 939
(1998) (codified as amended at 29 U.S.C. 2801-2945).





n120.  WIA mandates that each state's governor establish a workforce investment
board to designate local work force investment areas, oversee the establishment
of local boards and one-stop service delivery systems in the state. Bass, Adult
and Dislocated Worker Job Training Provisions of Title I of the Workforce
Investment Act of 1998, supra note 46, at 525-528, 649; see also Cynthia Negrey
et al., Job Training Under Welfare Reform: Opportunities For and Obstacles to
Economic Self-Sufficiency Among Low-Income Women, 2 Geo. J. on Poverty L. &
Pol'y 347 (2000).





n121.  Sharon Dietrich et al., An Employment Law Agenda: A Road Map for Legal
Services Advocates, 33 Clearinghouse Rev. 543-47 (Feb. 2000).





n122.  For more information on the faith-based initiative, see website at
www.whitehouse.gov/ news/reports/faithbased-html (last visited Feb. 15, 2001).


                              106 of 119 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright (c) 1997 The American Academy of Political and
                                 Social Science
              The Annals of The American Academy of Political and
                                 Social Science

                                 November, 1997

                                 554 Annals 136

LENGTH: 5578 words

THE ROLE OF NGOs: CHARITY AND EMPOWERMENT: Women, Empowerment, and Economic
Development

NAME: By REKHA MEHRA

BIO: Rekha Mehra is acting vice president and director of economic analysis at
the International Center for Research on Women in Washington, D.C., where she
conducts research on and provides technical assistance concerning women and
their involvement with development, agriculture, employment, credit, property
rights, irrigation, and the environment. Previously, she was a policy associate
at Resources for the Future and a lecturer in history at St. Stephens College,
Delhi, India. She has doctoral degrees in food and resource economics and U.S.
history from the University of Florida.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  A leading example is the Self-Employed Women's Association (SEWA) in
India. ...  Difficulties in working with the commercial banking system prompted
the creation of the SEWA bank. ...  The SEWA bank provides both savings and
credit facilities for its members. ...  It is important to note that market
rates of interest do not pose a disincentive to SEWA's clients because the
available alternative is borrowing in the informal sector at much higher rates.
...  SEWA has also helped women in a variety of industries improve marketing
skills and linkages. ...  SEWA organized its members to demand an end to police
harassment and to apply for licenses. ... Home-based workers represented, in
1994, 40 percent of SEWA's membership of 220,000 women. SEWA organized these
workers to demand higher wages and better working conditions. ... SEWA's success
has been due in large measure to its recognition of the fundamental importance
of poor women's economic roles. ...  SEWA also supports women in advocacy,
leadership, and training. ...

HIGHLIGHT: ABSTRACT: Development policies and programs tend not to view women as
integral to the economic development process. This is reflected in the higher
investments in women's reproductive rather than their productive roles, mainly
in population programs. Yet women throughout the developing world engage in
economically productive work and earn incomes. They work primarily in
agriculture and in the informal sector and, increasingly, in formal wage
employment. Their earnings, however, are generally low. Since the 1950s,
development agencies have responded to the need for poor women to earn incomes
by making relatively small investments in income-generating projects. Often such
projects fail because they are motivated by welfare and not development
concerns, offering women temporary and part-time employment in traditionally
feminine skills such as knitting and sewing that have limited markets. By
contrast, over the past twenty years, some nongovernmental organizations, such
as the Self-Employed Women's Association in India, have been effective in
improving women's economic status because they have started with the premise
that women are fundamental to the process of economic development.

TEXT:
 [*137]  OVER the past two decades, development policy has become increasingly
people centered. Although poverty concerns have long been on the development
agenda, the implementation of development policies has not always directly
addressed poverty alleviation. More recently, along with macroeconomic reform
and growth, there has been growing recognition of the need to address basic
human needs and to adopt more participatory approaches to achieve development
goals. These changes have been both the stimulus for and the result of the
growth and development of nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) that work
directly at the grassroots level with low-income people like small-scale farmers
and micro-entrepreneurs. Governments and donors have begun to rely increasingly
on NGOs in developed and developing countries as partners in the development
process. Many NGOs have demonstrated an interest not only in improving people's
economic status and well-being but also in empowering the people themselves to
obtain improvements in their lives.

   Promoting empowerment is of particular interest to some NGOs working with
poor women. Although four decades of development (1950-90) have yielded
important benefits to women, significant gender gaps still remain. Improvements
in women's well-being are reflected in the behavior of four key indicators
between 1970 and 1990, as shown in Table 1: (1) life expectancy among women
increased significantly in all regions; (2) girls' enrollment in primary school
increased in most regions; (3) total fertility rates declined; and (4) women's
access to contraception increased. On the other hand, worldwide, twice as many
women as men are still illiterate; girls represent the majority of the 130
million children without access to primary school; and almost twice as many
women as men suffer from iron-deficiency anemia.  n1

   The most telling statistic reflecting gender bias is the low ratios of
females to males (94 females for every 100 males) in China and South and West
Asia due to son preference. This contradicts the biological pattern, where the
ratio favors females. The preference for sons manifests itself through the
neglect of female children, selective abortion, and female infanticide and has
prompted researchers to attempt to estimate the number of "missing girls."
Amartya K. Sen estimates that 4 million girls are missing in India alone, while
globally the estimate is more than 100 million women.  n2 Further, recent
estimates show that male preference is not, as one would expect, tapering with
economic development. Instead, in the 1980s, 1 million more girls were lost in
India due to neglect and infanticide.  n3

    [*138]  TABLE 1

FOUR KEY INDICATORS OF WOMEN'S SOCIAL STATUS
                                        Females as         Percentage of
                   Life                Percentage of        Women (ages
                Expectancy           Total Enrollment       15-49) Using
                 at Birth  Fertility in Primary School Modern Contraception *

Region          1970 1990  1970 1990   1970     1990      1980        1990
East Asia       64.5 75.2  4.65 2.48    48       48       65.8        81.1
Southeast Asia
 and Oceania    57.2 66.4  5.35 3.86    47       48       44.2        53.5
South Asia      48.3 58.0  6.29 5.29    36       41       21.5        35.9
Latin America
 and the
 Caribbean      64.0 71.5  5.00 3.27    49       49       39.3        44.9
Sub-Saharan
 Africa         46.7 53.1  6.52 6.17    39       44       15.3        24.7
Organization for
 Economic
 Cooperation and
 Development    75.4 79.8  2.25 1.75    49       49       70.0        74.3
Arab states     58.0 68.8  6.83 5.02    36       44       24.2        44.7

  SOURCE: WISTAT Database (version 3) (United Nations).
  * The regional average is based on countries' averages.

   EMPOWERMENT, CAPABILITIES, AND OPPORTUNITIES

   These data demonstrate the need for development policies and programs that
can enable girls and women to challenge current norms and change conditions--a
process that can be termed "empowerment." Definitions of empowerment vary
greatly. Therefore, empowerment must be quantified and measured depending on the
particular context. In the context of women and development, the definition of
empowerment should include the expansion of choices for women and an increase in
women's ability to exercise choice.  n4 For example, improvements in women's
access to economic opportunities such as credit and employment expand choices,
while health services and education improve women's capabilities to take
advantage of those choices.

   The two elements of this definition of empowerment are interrelated, but the
correspondence between them may not be, and often is not, exact. Interventions
that expand women's choices, for instance, by increasing women's access to
employment should raise women's ability to exercise choices (for example, to
decide when to marry or to have children). Actions that attempt to strengthen
women's capacity to choose can amplify their choices. For example, schooling for
girls should both increase their voice in the family and the range of job
options open to them. However, for a multitude of  [*139]  underlying social,
cultural, and institutional reasons, there are often varying degrees of choices
for women and varying degrees of ability to exercise those choices. Also, the
ability of policymakers and of women themselves to influence and change the
factors underlying their disempowerment varies.

   Empirical data show that it has been relatively easier to expand women's
capabilities than their opportunities. Table 1 shows that considerable progress
has been made in improving women's capabilities--in building their human capital
through improvements in access to primary education and better health care.
There has been much slower progress in enhancing women's choices, however,
particularly access to economic opportunities. Just over one-third of women are
economically active worldwide. As Figure 1 shows, even in countries with high
economic participation rates such as those in East Asia and sub-Saharan Africa,
less than half of the women are economically active. In South Asia and
sub-Saharan Africa, moreover, economic activity rates among women have actually
declined. In India, women as a proportion of the economically active population
fell from almost 25 percent in 1970 to nearly 20 percent in 1990.  n5 The gender
gap in economic activity rates is also large and, globally among women who are
employed, wages are about two-thirds those of men. There are similar lags in
women's political participation. Women hold just 10 percent of the seats in
legislative bodies in developing countries, and only 5 percent of cabinet seats
are held by women.  n6

   FIGURE 1

   FEMALE ECONOMIC ACTIVITY RATES AS A PERCENTAGE OF TOTAL FEMALE POPULATION

   [SEE FIGURE 1 IN ORIGINAL]

    [*140]  DEVELOPMENT POLICIES AND THE WELFARE MODEL

   This uneven progress in women's well-being reflects the emphasis of
development policies that, historically, focused on women's reproductive roles,
mainly on fertility reduction. Policies and investments also emphasized
improvements in women's health and education. Interestingly, investments in
women's health and education were often rationalized in terms of their impact on
lowering birth rates and on improving the well-being of children. Seldom were
they justified in terms of their intrinsic importance to women's well-being.
Seldom were they justified in terms of improving women's human capital so women
might expand their ability to exercise choices. Also, women's economic roles
were simply not acknowledged.

   This emphasis on women's reproductive role is reflected in patterns of donor
and national government funding that have emphasized, on the one hand, fertility
reduction, primarily through women-centered contraceptive technologies and
approaches, and, on the other, the promotion of women's welfare through improved
health and education. In general, over the past fifty years, donor investments
in population programs and family planning have far exceeded those in women's
productive roles. This is starkly reflected in the budget allocations of the
U.S. Agency for International Development, the main vehicle for the United
States' bilateral foreign assistance programs. Over the past five years,
investments in this agency's population programs have averaged $ 440 million as
compared with $ 5-10 million for women-in-development programs.  n7

   In 1970, Ester Boserup became the first to empirically demonstrate the
extensive roles that women traditionally played in agricultural production
throughout the developing world, particularly in Africa. She also showed that
colonial administrations in Africa had introduced cash crops and modern
agricultural technologies to men and not to women. As a result, men ended up
working in the more modernized and productive export-oriented subsector of cash
crops while women were left behind in the traditional low-yielding production of
food crops.  n8 The First International Conference on Women in Mexico in 1975
publicized the theme, and attention was drawn to the fact that development
policies had ignored women's economic roles and that women were effectively
being left out of the development process. Additional studies in the 1970s and
1980s also demonstrated the neglect of women in development.  n9

   It was not that governments, donors, and NGOs did not recognize the  [*141]
need for poor women to earn income. Often, the staff of programs targeted to
poor women were quickly made aware by women themselves that their most immediate
and pressing need was for improved access to income.  n10 However, assuming that
women were not responsible for the economic support of their households, program
staff interpreted women's need for income as temporary and supplementary. Nor
did they make a connection between women's economic needs and ongoing
development programs. Rather, they dealt with the issue of women's economic need
as a discrete problem requiring particular interventions independent of national
development programs. Thus income-generation and production projects for women
often ended up pursuing welfare rather than development goals, an outcome that
Mayra Buvinic termed "project misbehavior."  n11

   Examples of project misbehavior abound. Buvinic documents the experience of a
large, integrated, rural development scheme in Bolivia financed by an
international donor agency and implemented by the government.  n12 An important
goal was to increase alpaca and llama wool production by modernizing the herd
management and shearing practices of highland peasants. When project designers
discovered that herding and shearing were women's work, the project was
redesigned to include a women's production component. Implementation of this
component, however, was assigned to a government social welfare agency rather
than the Ministry of Agriculture. Staff of the welfare agency reoriented the
project, and, instead of training women in improved herding and shearing, they
provided them training in home skills such as cooking, knitting, and embroidery.
Women thus received welfare-oriented rather than production-oriented training
based on preconceived notions about women's tasks. Numerous studies have
documented the redirection of projects for women to welfare-oriented goals.

   Many women's NGOs and other NGOs working with women also adopted a welfare
approach even though many had a long history of providing assistance to poor
women and of implementing income-generating projects. Many leading women's NGOs
in developing countries were founded in the 1920s to fight for women's suffrage
and legal rights and to promote women's welfare. In the 1950s when relief (or
"charity") and economic growth were the two main development approaches, women's
NGOs were enlisted to provide relief assistance. Following the Mexico City
conference on women, which emphasized the importance of integrating women into
development programs, the same women's NGOs were sought out by governments and
donor agencies to respond to the concerns articulated there and to implement
women-specific  [*142]  projects. These institutions brought with them the
legacy of charity, relief, and "welfarism" from the 1950s that proved difficult
to overcome.  n13

   In the relief-based framework, little attention was paid to the long-term
sustainability of income-generating projects for women. NGOs offered women the
opportunity to produce goods that relied on traditionally feminine skills for
the home such as sewing, knitting, and crafts. Sometimes, they also offered
credit and training. Assuming that women did not traditionally engage in
economically productive work, the projects did not take into account women's
previous work and skills in farming, petty trading, services, or other
activities. Neither did they take account of whether the goods produced in the
projects could be marketed and whether the skills women were offered would help
them obtain jobs after the project ended. Often, income-generating projects
depleted the financial resources invested in them, the losses being justified on
social grounds, namely, that they were meeting welfare and relief objectives by
providing employment or other benefits.

   In general, the welfare model of development, employed by governments,
donors, and NGOs, regards women as recipients of benefits such as health care,
literacy, social services, and family planning rather than as independent
economic actors in their own right. Because women's roles as mothers and wives
have dominated development thinking, development planners and policymakers have
missed important opportunities for having a significant impact on the lives of
poor women. Valuable resources have been misallocated and misspent. Very little
has been invested in women's productive lives, where the opportunities truly lie
for reducing poverty and improving women's lives.

   WHY WOMEN NEED DEVELOPMENT

   Women are disproportionately represented among the poor, and the number of
women in poverty in the rural areas of developing countries is growing faster
than the number of men (see Figure 2). In 1988, an estimated 564 million rural
women lived below the poverty line, representing an increase of 47 percent since
1965-1970. In comparison, the number of men living below the poverty line
increased 30 percent over the same period. Factors contributing to the increase
in rural poverty are economic recession, civil strife, and natural disasters. In
addition, the rise in the number of households supported solely by women is an
important variable explaining the increase in poverty among women. Figure 3
shows recent statistics on the percentage of households headed by women. These
households tend to be overrepresented among the poor.

   FIGURE 2

   CHANGES IN NUMBER OF RURAL PEOPLE LIVING BELOW THE POVERTY LINE, BY SEX,
1965-88

   [SEE FIGURE 2 IN ORIGINAL]

   In both the urban and rural areas of developing countries, women are
important contributors to the economic  [*143]  support of their households. In
Africa, for example, it is estimated that 96 percent of rural women engage in
farmwork and 40 percent of small farms are managed by women.  n14 As a result of
this work, women contribute both cash and subsistence income to household
support. Data from many countries show that the poorer the household, the more
women work for income, and the larger the proportion of household income derived
from women's earnings. In some landless households in India, for instance, women
are often the main or even the sole income earners in their households.  n15
Some studies show that women's earnings contribute more directly to family
welfare than do men's earnings because they go toward food and children's
education.  n16

   Much of the work women do goes unrecorded because it takes place in the
informal sector. Estimating women's participation in the informal  [*144]
sector, however, is difficult. Data are hard to obtain because they are not
generally collected by census bureaus and other official statisticians.
Nevertheless, estimates have been made for some countries, as shown in Table 2.
The higher percentage of women to men employed in the informal sector reflects
women's difficulty in obtaining access to employment because of their higher
rates of illiteracy, lower levels of education, lack of job skills, and the
social and cultural barriers to formal employment that women face.

   Thus much of the development support women need is outside the formal
economy, where they engage in activities such as petty trade, household help,
food processing, garment manufacturing, and agriculture. Some of this
employment, as in household services and agriculture, is wage employment but
much of it is non-wage or self-employment, where the scale of operation is small
or very  [*145]  small (micro-enterprises), under-capitalized, and concentrated
in the low-growth subsectors, where returns are low, working conditions
difficult, and benefits virtually nonexistent.  n17

   TABLE 2

PROPORTION OF MEN AND WOMEN IN NONWAGE EMPLOYMENT
Country                      Year       Men       Women       Income Level
Bolivia                      1991       42         70            Middle
Cape Verde                   1990       42         54            Middle
Egypt                        1989       46         74            Low
El Salvador                  1991       28         48            Middle
Ghana                        1989       69         92            Low
Indonesia                    1989       70         79            Middle
Korea, Republic of           1991       38         43            Middle
Pakistan                     1992       66         77            Low
Peru                         1991       39         55            Middle
Tanzania                     1988       84         95            Low
Thailand                     1989       71         76            Middle
Tunisia                      1989       36         51            Middle
Turkey                       1991       55         80            Middle

  SOURCE: World Bank, World Development Report (Washington, DC: World Bank,
1995).

   Women's enterprises face numerous other constraints. At the household level,
for example, micro-entrepreneurs need to adjust to seasonal fluctuations, to
balance multiple economic activities in order to spread risk, and to balance
short-term cash flow requirements against longer-term investment requirements.
In addition, due to socially defined gender roles and relationships, women face
particular constraints that men do not. They may not be able to own resources
and property and may have limited access to credit, skills training, or
extension services. Women also face institutional barriers that may, for
example, subject them to police harassment. They, as opposed to men, are often
unable, for instance, to obtain licenses to sell their goods in regulated
marketplaces. At the macro-economic level, women are affected by financing or
regulatory policies that can restrict their access to credit from institutional
sources such as banks and thrift and savings associations. Successful
interventions to strengthen women's economic activities, therefore, require
addressing these constraints.

   Fortunately, there are a number of examples of efforts that have been
successful in strengthening women's enterprises, raising women's incomes, and
empowering women politically. NGOs have often led the way. A leading example is
the Self-Employed Women's Association (SEWA) in India.

   THE SELF-EMPLOYED WOMEN'S ASSOCIATION

   SEWA was founded in Ahmedabad in the state of Gujarat in India in  [*146]
1972 as a trade union of self-employed women. Inspired by Gandhian teachings,
SEWA drew upon strategies employed by three different movements: the labor
movement, cooperatives, and the women's movement.  n18 Its membership consists
mainly of self-employed workers and low-paid laborers. They include hawkers and
vendors who sell their products from baskets, carts, and small shops; home-based
workers such as weavers, potters, garment workers, and food processors; and
manual laborers and service providers like head loaders (women who transport
goods on their heads), domestic help, and construction workers. The difficulties
confronting these workers include very low earnings, police harassment and
extortion, and lack of organization and representation. SEWA set itself the
mission of organizing its members and helping them enter the economic mainstream
through a dual strategy that helps women (1) to strengthen their economic
enterprises and (2) to advocate for their economic and political rights.

   In order to support women's economic enterprises and activities, SEWA
facilitated the provision of financial and nonfinancial, or business
development, services to its members. A key component of the economic strategy
was the creation of the SEWA Cooperative Bank founded in 1974. The bank
developed out of members' need for working capital. At first, SEWA functioned as
an intermediary institution linking its members to formal-sector banks.
Difficulties in working with the commercial banking system prompted the creation
of the SEWA bank. Commercial banks are generally unwilling to provide financial
services to the poor, women among them, partly because they find it too costly
to meet the needs of this specialized clientele. These needs include small
loans, flexibility in repayment terms, simplified administrative procedures for
obtaining loans (for example, filling out forms), and loan guarantee
alternatives that do not include fixed assets, which poor people cannot
generally provide.  n19

   The SEWA bank has proved to be one of the pioneers in developing and
implementing creative and cost-effective strategies to meet the specialized
demand of its members. The bank has simplified loan procedures and forms, helped
clients fill out applications, accepted group guarantees in lieu of other forms
of collateral, made small loans (averaging $ 230), and allowed for frequent
repayment possibilities matched to client earnings schedules. The SEWA bank
provides both savings and credit facilities for its members. As a cooperative,
the bank obtains loan capital from a combination of savings deposits, share
capital, and plowedback profits. Borrowers are required to buy 5 percent of the
loan amount in bank shares when receiving a loan  [*147]  and to open a savings
account. Like similar institutions, the SEWA bank attempts to cover its
operating costs by charging market or above-market rates of interest and fees
for other services. It is important to note that market rates of interest do not
pose a disincentive to SEWA's clients because the available alternative is
borrowing in the informal sector at much higher rates.  n20

   In addition to banking, SEWA provides its members with a variety of other
business development services, including organizing them into more than fifty
cooperatives. For women employed in dairy production, SEWA helps set up linkages
to enable them to register in dairy cooperatives and to participate in and
benefit from the services offered through the government's National Dairy
Development Board. SEWA also helps women dairy producers obtain government
loans, provides training in animal care and other aspects of dairy development,
and supports women's leadership within the cooperatives.  n21 SEWA has also
helped women in a variety of industries improve marketing skills and linkages.
Members have been taught the essentials of market differentiation, quality
control, and timing.  n22

   In advocacy, the second component of SEWA's dual strategy, the organization
has helped its members organize, define, and understand their problems, identify
solutions, and demand action from the appropriate authorities. This is reflected
in its work with vegetable vendors. In addition to lack of access to capital,
SEWA's research showed that vegetable vendors were subjected to constant
harassment by police because vending was not a licensed activity and had no
designated space on city streets. SEWA organized its members to demand an end to
police harassment and to apply for licenses. When police resisted the women's
demands, public protests were organized and the case was taken to India's
Supreme Court. The vegetable vendors succeeded in obtaining licenses, official
vending sites, and SEWA membership cards to show police the legitimacy of their
trade. Later, when the city offered resistance to complying with the Supreme
Court ruling, SEWA helped the vendors pressure city officials to comply.  n23

   Home-based workers represented, in 1994, 40 percent of SEWA's membership of
220,000 women. SEWA organized these workers to demand higher wages and better
working conditions. Most home-based work in India is not protected by
legislation. SEWA, however, engaged in a successful five-year struggle to obtain
legal recognition for garment workers so that they might receive the minimum
wage. The organization also worked for a decade to enable workers in the bidi
industry in Ahmedabad to earn the equivalent of the minimum wage, effectively
doubling their wages. Support for obtaining maternity and social security
benefits for some of its members has also been provided.  n24

    [*148]  SEWA's services now also include assistance with literacy,
education, job skills and leadership training, health care, and research and
communications through publications, journals, and videos. SEWA in Ahmedabad
serves as a model for other SEWA organizations around India that have
independently set up banks and business development services for women and have
organized producer cooperatives.

   SEWA's success has been due in large measure to its recognition of the
fundamental importance of poor women's economic roles. In contrast to the
welfare model of development, SEWA's work is grounded in the premise that women,
like men, need incomes to support themselves and their families. Therefore SEWA
works with women to improve and increase the returns from their ongoing
enterprises, rather than introducing them to new and unfamiliar
income-generating activities. It provides assistance that makes good economic
sense: capital, support for organizing cooperatives to increase women's
bargaining power, marketing assistance, and specialized skills training. SEWA
also supports women in advocacy, leadership, and training. It serves as an
intermediary on behalf of women at a policy level, providing access to legal and
other resources to address the broader policy issues that affect women's
economic and social advancement and their well-being.

   Initially, SEWA's leaders were not grassroots women but well-educated
middle-class and upper-class women who played a critical role in interacting
with the government and private institutions, filling in the gaps for which its
members did not have the skills and education. As the organization has grown and
developed, however, women who started out as illiterate rag-pickers and
head-loaders were trained to take over staff and leadership positions in the
organization.

   SEWA has succeeded in both enhancing women's choices and enabling them to
implement those choices economically and politically. In short, it has empowered
its members.

   FUTURE PROSPECTS

   Recent trends show a movement away from welfare approaches among NGOs working
with women. A review of eight South Asian NGOs working with women is instructive
in highlighting successful strategies for the future. The review documents the
successful employment of the advocacy and economic growth strategies similar to
those pursued by SEWA.  n25 The emphasis of these NGOs is on organizing women
and using comprehensive approaches that address the multiple sources of women's
disempowerment. Economic and political strategies are linked.

    [*149]  Key elements of success include responding to women's priorities to
obtain employment and income; recognizing that economic empowerment of women is
an important entry point in working with women; mobilizing savings and assets
and putting them under women's control; and advocacy. Also, their approach is
both responsive and participatory.

   Finally, the NGOs reach a sizable number of women and therefore can have a
significant impact. Membership in some of the larger, older organizations ranges
from half a million to 1 million women and is still growing. Even the membership
of smaller organizations reaches hundreds of thousands of women.  n26

   These NGOs, SEWA among them, have demonstrated that it is both necessary and
possible to bring women into the mainstream of economic development. The
strategies they employ are replicable and sustainable and can have the
large-scale impact that is needed to improve the lives of poor women and their
families. They offer lessons that could be employed by a variety of other
organizations involved in development: governments, donors, and other NGOs.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Business & Corporate LawCooperativesMembers & Other ConstituentsBusiness &
Corporate LawNonprofit Corporations & OrganizationsGeneral OverviewPublic Health
& Welfare LawSocial ServicesEconomic Development

FOOTNOTES:




n1  United Nations Development Programme, Human Development Report 1995 (New
York: United Nations, 1995).




n2  Amartya Sen, "Women's Survival as a Development Problem" (Talk given at the
1700th stated meeting of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, Harvard
University, Cambridge, MA, 8 Mar. 1989).




n3  Rick Weiss, "Anti-Girl Bias Rises in Asia, Studies Show," Washington Post,
11 May 1996.




n4  United Nations Development Programme, Human Development Report 1995.




n5  WISTAT Database (version 3) (United Nations).




n6  United Nations Development Programme, Human Development Report 1995.




n7  U.S., General Accounting Office, Foreign Assistance: U.S. Has Made Slow
Progress in Involving Women in Development (Washington, DC: General Accounting
Office, 1993).




n8  Ester Boserup, Woman's Role in Economic Development (New York: St. Martin's
Press, 1970).




n9  Rekha Mehra, "Raising Agricultural Productivity: The Role of Women Farmers,"
in Agricultural Competitiveness: Market Forces and Policy Choice, ed. G. H.
Peters and D. D. Hedley (Brookfield, VT: Dartmouth, 1995), p. 395; Kathleen
Staudt, "Women Farmers and Inequalities in Agricultural Services," in Women and
Work in Africa, ed. E. Bay (Boulder, CO: Westview Press, 1982).




n10  Michael Paolisso and Ellen Weiss, "Including Women in Natural Resource
Management," in Taking Women into Account: Lessons Learned from NGO Experiences,
ed. Rekha Mehra (Washington, DC: International Center for Research on Women,
1996).




n11  Mayra Buvinic, "Projects for Women in the Third World: Explaining Their
Misbehavior," World Development, 14(5):653-64 (1986).




n12  Ibid.




n13  Mayra Buvinic, "A Retrospective Look at Women's Issues in Development
Cooperation: The Past as Prologue" (Briefing paper prepared for the United
Nations Development Programme's Human Development Report 1995, International
Center for Research on Women, 1994).




n14  Rekha Mehra, Women, Land, and Sustainable Development (Washington, DC:
International Center for Research on Women, 1995), p. 16.




n15  Bina Agarwal, "Who Sows? Who Reaps? Women and Land Rights in India,"
Journal of Peasant Studies, 15(4):531-81 (1988).




n16  Mayra Buvinic et al., "The Fortunes of Adolescent Mothers and Their
Children: The Transmission of Poverty in Santiago, Chile," Population and
Development Review, 18(2):269-97 (1991); Patrice Engle, "Influences of Mother's
and Father's Income on Children's Nutritional Status in Guatemala," Social
Science and Medicine, 37(11):1303-12 (1993); Eileen Kennedy, "Effects of Gender
of Head of Household on Women's and Children's Nutritional Status" (Paper
delivered at the Workshop on the Effects of Policies and Programs on Women,
Washington, DC, 1992); Duncan Thomas, "Intra-Household Resource Allocation: An
Inferential Approach," Journal of Human Resources, 25(4):635-64 (1990).




n17  Martha Alter Chen, Beyond Credit: A Subsector Approach to Promoting Women's
Enterprises (Ottawa: Aga Khan Foundation, 1996).




n18  Renana Jhabvala and Jane Tate, Out of the Shadows: Homebased Workers
Organize for International Recognition (New York: Seeds, 1996).




n19  Women's World Banking, "Best Practices in Financial Services to
Microentrepreneurs," What Works: A Women's World Banking Newsletter (1994);
Rekha Mehra, Annelies Drost-Maasry, and Ruba Rahman, Credit for Women
(Washington, DC: International Center for Research on Women, 1995).




n20  Mehra, Drost-Maasry, and Rahman, Credit for Women.




n21  Chen, Beyond Credit.




n22  Jhabvala and Tate, Out of the Shadows.




n23  Chen, Beyond Credit.




n24  Jhabvala and Tate, Out of the Shadows. A bidi is a local Indian cigarette
rolled by hand in tobacco leaf.




n25  Marilyn Carr, Martha Chen, and Renana Jhabvala, Speaking Out: Women's
Economic Empowerment in South Asia (London: Intermediate Technology, 1996). The
NGOs are as follows: the Bangladesh Rural Advancement Committee, Proshika, the
Aga Khan Rural Support Programme, the Women's Development Federation, Informal
Sector Unions in Tamil Nadu, the Co-operative Development Foundation, the
Self-Employed Women's Association/Kheda, and the Self-Employed Women's
Association/Banaskantha.




n26  Ibid.


                              107 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 19, 2014 Friday

Federal Awarding Agency Regulatory Implementation of Office of Management and
Budget's Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit
Requirements for Federal Awards

LENGTH: 7875  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Interim Final Rule.
Summary

This joint interim final rule implements for all Federal award-making agencies
the final guidance Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and
Audit Requirements for Federal Awards (Uniform Guidance) published by the Office
of Management and Budget (OMB) on December 26, 2013. This rule is necessary in
order to incorporate into regulation and thus bring into effect the Uniform
Guidance as required by OMB. Implementation of this guidance will reduce
administrative burden and risk of waste, fraud, and abuse for the approximately
$600 billion per year awarded in Federal financial assistance. The result will
be more Federal dollars reprogrammed to support the mission, new entities able
to compete and win awards, and ultimately a stronger framework to provide key
services to American citizens and support the basic research that underpins the
United States economy.
Unified Agenda
Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for
Federal Awards

1 action from December 2014

December 2014
        Interim Final Rule

Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for
Federal Awards - USDA Implementation

1 action from December 2014

December 2014
        Interim Final Rule

Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for
Federal Awards

1 action from December 2014

December 2014
        Interim Final Rule

DoD Grant and Agreements Regulations

1 action from December 2014

December 2014
        NPRM

Requirements for Grant Awards by the Department of the Interior

1 action from June 2014

June 2014
        NPRM

Adoption of Government-Wide Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost
Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards

1 action from December 2014

December 2014
        Interim Final Rule

Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for
Federal Awards - DOL Exceptions

1 action from December 2014

December 2014
        Final Action

Standards for Department of State Administration of Federal Awards

1 action from December 2014

December 2014
        Interim Final Rule

Uniform Requirements for Federal Awards

1 action from December 2014

December 2014
        Interim Final Rule

Adoption of Governmentwide Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles,
and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards

1 action from December 2014

December 2014
        Interim Final Rule

Adoption of Government-wide Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost
Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards

1 action from December 2014

December 2014
        Interim Final Rule

Governmentwide Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit
Requirements for Federal Awards

1 action from December 2014

December 2014
        Interim Final Rule

Adoption of Governmentwide Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles,
and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards

1 action from December 2014

December 2014
        Interim Final Rule

Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for
Federal Awards

2 actions from August 2014 to August 2014

August 2014
        Interim Final Rule
    August 2014
        Interim Final Rule Effective 12/26/2014

Implementation of the Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and
Audit Requirements for Federal Awards

1 action from December 2014

December 2014
        Interim Final Rule

Grants and Financial Assistance

1 action from December 2014

December 2014
        Interim Final Rule

Amendments to Conform to Uniform Requirements for Federal Awards

1 action from December 2014

December 2014
        Interim Final Rule

Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for
Federal Awards

1 action from December 2014

December 2014
        Interim Final Rule

Amendments to Conform to Uniform Requirements for Federal Awards

1 action from December 2014

December 2014
        Interim Final Rule

National Science Foundation Implementation of OMB Guidance on Government wide
Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principals, and Audit Requirements for
Federal Awards (2 CFR 200)

1 action from December 2014

December 2014
        Interim Final Rule

Small Business Administration: Implementation of Uniform Administrative
Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards

1 action from December 2014

December 2014
        Interim Final Rule


Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Background
    National Science Foundation
    Department of Education
    Exception and Clarification
    Technical Amendments and Removal of Obsolete Parts
    Definition of "Grant"
    General Education Provisions Act Requirements
    Rulemaking Considerations
    Assessment of Educational Impact
    Department of Health and Human Services
    Additional Outreach and Training
    Regulatory Analysis
    Paperwork Reduction Act
    Regulatory Flexibility Act
    Executive Order 12866 Determination
    Administrative Procedure Act (5 U.S.C. 553)
    Waiver of Proposed Rulemaking
    In General
    Department of Justice
    Waiver of Delayed Effective Date
    In General
    Department of Justice
    Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 Determination
    Executive Order 13132 Determination
    List of Subjects
    Executive Office of the President, Office of Management and Budget
    TITLE 2 --GRANTS AND AGREEMENTS
    CHAPTER I --OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET GOVERNMENTWIDE GUIDANCE FOR
GRANTS AND AGREEMENTS
    PART 1--ABOUT TITLE 2 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS AND SUBTITLE A
    PART 25--UNIVERSAL IDENTIFIER AND SYSTEM OF AWARD MANAGEMENT
    Appendix A to Part 25 [Amended]
    Appendix A to Part 25--Award Term
    PART 170--REPORTING SUBAWARD AND EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION INFORMATION
    Appendix A to Part 170--[Amended]
    PART 180--OMB GUIDELINES TO AGENCIES ON GOVERNMENTWIDE DEBARMENT AND
SUSPENSION (NONPROCUREMENT)
    Subpart E--System for Award Management Exclusions
    CHAPTER II--OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET GUIDANCE
    PART 200--UNIFORM ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS, COST PRINCIPLES, AND AUDIT
REQUIREMENTS FOR FEDERAL AWARDS
    Appendix I to Part 200 [Amended]
    Appendix II to Part 200--Contract Provisions for Non-Federal Entity
Contracts Under Federal Awards
    Appendix III to Part 200--Indirect (F&A) Costs Identification and
Assignment, and Rate Determination for Institutions of Higher Education (IHEs)
    Appendix IV to Part 200 [Amended]
    Appendix V to Part 200--State/Local Governmentwide Central Service Cost
Allocation Plans
    Appendix VII to Part 200 [Amended]
    Appendix IX to Part 200 [Amended]
    Department of Health and Human Services
    TITLE 2--GRANTS AND AGREEMENTS
    CHAPTER III--DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES
    PART 300--UNIFORM ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS, COST PRINCIPLES, AND AUDIT
REQUIREMENTS FOR FEDERAL AWARDS
    TITLE 45--PUBLIC WELFARE
    PART 74 [REMOVED AND RESERVED]
    PART 75--UNIFORM ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS, COST PRINCIPLES, AND AUDIT
REQUIREMENTS FOR HHS AWARDS
    Subpart A--Acronyms and Definitions
    Subpart B--General Provisions
    Subpart C--Pre-Federal Award Requirements and Contents of Federal Awards.
    Subpart D--Post Federal Award Requirements
    Standards for Financial and Program Management
    Property Standards
    Procurement Standards
    Performance and Financial Monitoring and Reporting
    Subrecipient Monitoring and Management
    Record Retention and Access
    Remedies for Noncompliance
    Closeout
    Post-Closeout Adjustments and Continuing Responsibilities
    Collection of Amounts Due
    Subpart E--Cost Principles
    General Provisions
    Basic Considerations
    Direct and Indirect (F&A) Costs
    Special Considerations for States, Local Governments and Indian Tribes
    Special Considerations for Institutions of Higher Education
    General Provisions for Selected Items of Cost
    HHS Specific Selected Items of Cost
    Subpart F--Audit Requirements
    General
    Audits
    Auditees
    Federal Agencies
    Auditors
    Management Decisions
    Subpart A--Acronyms and Definitions
    Subpart B--General Provisions
    Subpart C--Pre-Federal Award Requirements and Contents of Federal Awards
    Subpart D--Post Federal Award Requirements
    Standards for Financial and Program Management
    Property Standards
    Procurement Standards
    Performance and Financial Monitoring and Reporting
    Subrecipient Monitoring and Management
    Record Retention and Access
    Remedies for Noncompliance
    Closeout
    Post-Closeout Adjustments and Continuing Responsibilities
    Collection of Amounts Due
    Subpart E--Cost Principles
    General Provisions
    Basic Considerations
    Direct and Indirect (F&A) Costs
    Special Considerations for States, Local Governments and Indian Tribes
    Special Considerations for Institutions of Higher Education
    General Provisions for Selected Items of Cost
    HHS Selected Items of Cost
    Subpart F--Audit Requirements
    General
    Audits
    Auditees
    Federal Agencies
    Auditors
    Management Decisions
    Appendix I to Part 75--Full Text of Notice of Funding Opportunity
    A. Program Description--Required
    B. Federal Award Information--Required
    C. Eligibility Information
    D. Application and Submission Information
    E. Application Review Information
    F. Federal Award Administration Information
    G. HHS Awarding Agency Contact(s)--Required
    H. Other Information--Optional
    Appendix II to Part 75--Contract Provisions for Non-Federal Entity Contracts
Under Federal Awards
    Appendix III to Part 75--Indirect (F&A) Costs Identification and Assignment,
and Rate Determination for Institutions of Higher Education
    A. General
    1. Major Functions of an Institution
    2. Criteria for Distribution
    B. Identification and Assignment of Indirect (F&A) Costs
    1. Definition of Facilities and Administration
    2. Depreciation
    3. Interest
    4. Operation and Maintenance Expenses
    5. General Administration and General Expenses
    6. Departmental Administration Expenses
    7. Sponsored Projects Administration
    8. Library Expenses
    9. Student Administration and Services
    10. Offset for Indirect (F&A) Expenses Otherwise Provided for by the Federal
Government
    C. Determination and Application of Indirect (F&A) Cost Rate or Rates
    1. Indirect (F&A) Cost Pools
    2. The Distribution Basis
    3. Negotiated Lump Sum for Indirect (F&A) Costs
    4. Predetermined Rates for Indirect (F&A) Costs
    5. Negotiated Fixed Rates and Carry-Forward Provisions
    6. Provisional and Final Rates for Indirect (F&A) Costs
    7. Fixed Rates for the Life of the Sponsored Agreement
    8. Limitation on Reimbursement of Administrative Costs
    9. Alternative Method for Administrative Costs
    10. Individual Rate Components
    11. Negotiation and Approval of Indirect (F&A) Rate
    12. Standard Format for Submission
    D. Simplified Method for Small Institutions
    1. General
    2. Simplified Procedure--Salaries and Wages Base
    3. Simplified Procedure--Modified Total Direct Cost Base
    E. Documentation Requirements
    F. Certification
    1. Certification of Charges
    2. Certification of Indirect (F&A) Costs
    Certificate of Indirect (F&A) Costs
    Appendix IV to Part 75--Indirect (F&A) Costs Identification and Assignment,
and Rate Determination for Nonprofit Organizations
    A. General
    B. Allocation of Indirect Costs and Determination of Indirect Cost Rates
    1. General
    2. Simplified Allocation Method
    3. Multiple Allocation Base Method
    4. Direct Allocation Method
    5. Special Indirect Cost Rates
    C. Negotiation and Approval of Indirect Cost Rates
    1. Definitions
    2. Negotiation and Approval of Rates
    D. Certification of Indirect (F&A) Costs
    Appendix V to Part 75--State/Local Governmentwide Central Service Cost
Allocation Plans
    A. General
    B. Definitions
    C. Scope of the Central Service Cost Allocation Plans
    D. Submission Requirements
    E. Documentation Requirements for Submitted Plans
    1. General
    2. Allocated Central Services
    3. Billed Services
    4. Required Certification
    Certificate of Cost Allocation Plan
    F. Negotiation and Approval of Central Service Plans
    1. Federal Cognizant Agency for Indirect Costs Assignments for Cost
Negotiation
    2. Review
    3. Agreement
    4. Adjustments
    G. Other Policies
    1. Billed Central Service Activities
    2. Working Capital Reserves
    3. Carry-Forward Adjustments of Allocated Central Service Costs
    4. Adjustments of Billed Central Services
    5. Records Retention
    6. Appeals
    7. OMB Assistance
    Appendix VI to Part 75--Public Assistance Cost Allocation Plans
    A. General
    B. Definitions
    C. Policy
    D. Submission, Documentation, and Approval of Public Assistance Cost
Allocation Plans
    E. Review of Implementation of Approved Plans
    F. Unallowable Costs
    Appendix VII to Part 75--States and Local Government and Indian Tribe
Indirect Cost Proposals
    A. General
    B. Definitions
    C. Allocation of Indirect Costs and Determination of Indirect Cost Rates
    1. General
    2. Simplified Method
    3. Multiple Allocation Base Method
    4. Special Indirect Cost Rates
    D. Submission and Documentation of Proposals
    1. Submission of Indirect Cost Rate Proposals
    2. Documentation of Proposals
    3. Required Certification.
    Certificate of Indirect Costs
    E. Negotiation and Approval of Rates
    F. Other Policies
    1. Fringe Benefit Rates
    2. Billed Services Provided by the Recipient Agency
    3. Indirect Cost Allocations Not Using Rates
    4. Appeals
    5. Collection of Unallowable Costs and Erroneous Payments
    6. OMB Assistance
    Appendix VIII to Part 75--Nonprofit Organizations Exempted from Subpart E of
Part 75
    Appendix IX to Part 75--Principles for Determining Costs Applicable to
Research and Development Under Grants and Contracts with Hospitals
    A. Purpose and Scope
    1. Objectives
    2. Policy Guides
    3. Application
    B. Definition of Terms
    C. Basic Considerations
    1. Composition of Total Costs
    2. Factors Affecting Allowability of Costs
    3. Reasonable Costs
    4. Allocable Costs
    5. Applicable Credits
    D. Direct Costs
    1. General
    2. Application to Research Agreements
    E. Indirect Costs
    1. General
    2. Criteria for Distribution
    3. Administration of Limitations on Allowances for Indirect Costs
    F. Identification and Assignment of Indirect Costs
    1. Depreciation or Use Charge
    2. Administration and General Expenses
    3. Operation of Plant
    4. Maintenance of Plant
    5. Laundry and Linen
    6. Housekeeping
    7. Dietary
    8. Maintenance (Housing) of Personnel
    9. Medical Records and Library
    G. Determination and Application of Indirect Cost Rate or Rates
    1. Indirect Cost Pools
    2. The Distribution Base
    3. Negotiated Lump Sum for Overhead
    4. Predetermined Overhead Rates
    H. Simplified Method for Small Institutions
    1. General
    2. Abbreviated Procedure
    I. General Standards for Selected Items of Cost
    1. General
    2. Selected Items
    (1) General
    (2) Payroll Distribution
    (3) Reporting Time or Effort
    (4) Preparation of Estimates of Effort
    (5) Application of Budget Estimates
    (6) Non-Hospital Professional Activities
    (7) Salary Rates for Part-Time Appointments
    Appendix X to Part 75--Data Collection Form (SF-SAC)
    Appendix XI to Part 75--Compliance Supplement
    PART 92 [REMOVED AND RESERVED]
    Department of Agriculture
    TITLE 2--GRANTS AND AGREEMENTS
    CHAPTER IV--DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
    PART 400--UNIFORM ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS, COST PRINCIPLES, AND AUDIT
REQUIREMENTS FOR FEDERAL AWARDS
    PART 400--UNIFORM ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS, COST PRINCIPLES, AND AUDIT
REQUIREMENTS FOR FEDERAL AWARDS
    PART 415--GENERAL PROGRAM ADMINISTRATIVE REGULATIONS
    Subpart A--Application for Federal Assistance
    Subpart B--Miscellaneous
    Subpart C--Intergovernmental Review of Department of Agriculture Programs
and Activities
    Subpart A--Application for Federal Assistance
    Subpart B--Miscellaneous
    Subpart C--Intergovernmental Review of Department of Agriculture Programs
and Activities
    PART 416--GENERAL PROGRAM ADMINISTRATIVE REGULATIONS FOR GRANTS AND
COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS TO STATE AND LOCAL GOVERNMENTS
    PART 418--NEW RESTRICTIONS ON LOBBYING
    Subpart A--General
    Subpart B--Activities by Own Employees
    Subpart C--Activities by Other Than Own Employees
    Subpart D--Penalties and Enforcement
    Subpart E--Exemptions
    Subpart F--Agency Reports
    Subpart A--General
    Subpart B--Activities by Own Employees
    Subpart C--Activities by Other Than Own Employees
    Subpart D--Penalties and Enforcement
    Subpart E--Exemptions
    Subpart F--Agency Reports
    Appendix A to Part 418--Certification Regarding Lobbying
    Certification for Contracts, Grants, Loans, and Cooperative Agreements
    Statement for Loan Guarantees and Loan Insurance
    Appendix B to Part 418--Disclosure Form To Report Lobbying
    CHAPTER IV
    PART 422--RESEARCH INSTITUTIONS CONDUCTING USDA-FUNDED EXTRAMURAL RESEARCH;
RESEARCH MISCONDUCTS
    PART 422--RESEARCH INSTITUTIONS CONDUCTING USDA FUNDED EXTRAMURAL RESEARCH;
RESEARCH MISCONDUCT
    TITLE 7--Agriculture
    CHAPTER XXX--OFFICE OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, DEPARTMENT OF
AGRICULTURE
    PARTS 3015, 3016, 3018, 3019, 3022, and 3052--[REMOVED]
    Farm Service Agency
    CHAPTER VII--FARM SERVICE AGENCY, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
    PART 761--GENERAL PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION
    PART 785--CERTIFIED STATE MEDIATION PROGRAM
    CHAPTER XIV--COMMODITY CREDIT CORPORATION, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
    PART 1407--DEBARMENT AND SUSPENSION
    PART 1485--GRANT AGREEMENTS FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF FOREIGN MARKETS FOR U.S.
AGRICULTURAL COMMODITIES
    Department of Agriculture
    National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA)
    TITLE 7--AGRICULTURE
    CHAPTER XXXIV--NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF FOOD AND AGRICULTURE
    PART 3400--SPECIAL RESEARCH GRANTS PROGRAM
    PART 3401--RANGELAND RESEARCH GRANTS PROGRAM
    PART 3402--FOOD AND AGRICULTURAL SCIENCES NATIONAL NEEDS GRADUATE AND
POSTGRADUATE FELLOWSHIP GRANTS PROGRAM
    PART 3403--SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION RESEARCH GRANTS PROGRAM
    PART 3405--HIGHER EDUCATION CHALLENGE GRANTS PROGRAM
    PART 3406--1890 INSTITUTION CAPACITY BUILDING GRANTS PROGRAM
    PART 3407--IMPLEMENTATION OF NATIONAL ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY ACT
    PART 3415--BIOTECHNOLOGY RISK ASSESSMENT RESEARCH GRANTS PROGRAM
    PART 3430--COMPETITIVE AND NONCOMPETITIVE NON-FORMULA FEDERAL ASSISTANCE
PROGRAMS--GENERAL AWARD ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS
    PART 3431--VETERINARY MEDICINE LOAN REPAYMENT PROGRAM
    Department of Agriculture
    Rural Development
    CHAPTER XVII--RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
    PART 1703--RURAL DEVELOPMENT
    Subpart D--Distance Learning and Telemedicine Loan and Grant
Program--General
    Subpart E--Distance Learning and Telemedicine Grant Program
    Subpart F--Distance Learning and Telemedicine Combination Loan and Grant
Program
    Subpart G--Distance Learning and Telemedicine Loan Program
    PART 1709--ASSISTANCE TO HIGH ENERGY COST COMMUNITIES
    Subpart A--General Requirements
    Subpart B--RUS High Cost Energy Grant Program
    Subpart G--Recovery of Financial Assistance Used for Unauthorized Purposes
    PART 1710--GENERAL AND PRE-LOAN POLICIES AND PROCEDURES COMMON TO ELECTRIC
LOANS AND GUARANTEES
    Subpart C--Loan Purposes and Basic Policies
    Subpart I--Application Requirements and Procedures for Loans
    PART 1717--POST-LOAN POLICIES AND PROCEDURES COMMON TO INSURED AND
GUARANTEED ELECTRIC LOANS
    Subpart R--Lien Accommodations and Subordinations for 100 Percent Private
Financing
    PART 1724--ELECTRIC ENGINEERING, ARCHITECTURAL SERVICES AND DESIGN POLICIES
AND PROCEDURES
    Subpart A--General
    PART 1726--ELECTRIC SYSTEM CONSTRUCTION POLICIES AND PROCEDURES
    PART 1737--PRE-LOAN POLICIES AND PROCEDURES COMMON TO INSURED AND GUARANTEED
TELECOMMUNICATIONS LOANS
    Subpart C--The Loan Application
    Subpart E--Interim Financing of Construction of Telephone Facilities
    Subpart F--Review of Application Procedures
    PART 1738--RURAL BROADBAND ACCESS LOANS AND LOAN GUARANTEES
    Subpart D--Direct Loan Terms
    PART 1739--BROADBAND GRANT PROGRAM
    Subpart A--Community Connect Grant Program
    PART 1740--PUBLIC TELEVISION STATION DIGITAL TRANSITION GRANT PROGRAM
    Subpart A--Public Television Station Digital Transition Grant Program
    PART 1773--POLICY ON AUDITS OF RUS BORROWERS
    Subpart B--RUS Audit Requirements
    PART 1774--SPECIAL EVALUATION ASSISTANCE FOR RURAL COMMUNITIES AND
HOUSEHOLDS PROGRAM (SEARCH)
    Subpart A--General Provisions
    Subpart B--Grant Application Processing
    PART 1775--TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE GRANTS
    Subpart A--General Provisions
    Subpart B--Grant Application Processing
    PART 1776--HOUSEHOLD WATER WELL SYSTEM GRANT PROGRAM
    PART 1778--EMERGENCY AND IMMINENT COMMUNITY WATER ASSISTANCE GRANTS
    PART 1779--WATER AND WASTE DISPOSAL PROGRAMS GUARANTEE LOANS
    PART 1780--WATER AND WASTE LOANS AND GRANTS
    Subpart A--General Policies and Requirements
    PART 1782--SERVICING OF WATER AND WASTE PROGRAMS
    PART 1783--REVOLVING FUNDS FOR FINANCING WATER AND WASTEWATER PROJECTS
(REVOLVING FUND PROGRAM)
    CHAPTER XVIII--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVES SERVICE,
RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE AND FARM SERVICE AGENCY
    PART 1942--ASSOCIATIONS
    Subpart A--Community Facility Loans
    Subpart B--Housing Application Packaging Grants
    Subpart G--RBEG and Television Demonstration Grants
    PART 1944--HOUSING
    Subpart I--Self-Help Technical Assistance Grants
    Exhibit A to Subpart I of Part 1944--Self-Help Technical Assistance Grant
Agreement.
    Subpart K--Technical and Supervisory Assistance Grants
    Exhibit A to Subpart K of Part 1944--Grant Agreement--Technical and
Supervisory Assistance
    Subpart N--Housing Preservation Grants
    Exhibit A to Subpart N of Part 1944--Housing Preservation Grant Agreement
    PART 1951--SERVICING AND COLLECTIONS
    Subpart E--Servicing of Community and Insured Business Program Loans and
Grants
    Subpart R--Rural Development Loan Servicing
    PART 1980--GENERAL
    Subpart E--Business and Industrial Loan Program
    CHAPTER XXXV--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
    PART 3570--COMMUNITY PROGRAMS
    Subpart B--Community Facilities Grant Program
    PART 3575--GENERAL
    Subpart A--Community Programs Guaranteed Loans
    CHAPTER XLII--RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE AND RURAL UTILITIES
SERVICE, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
    PART 4274--DIRECT AND INSURED LOANMAKING
    Subpart D--Intermediary Relending Program
    PART 4279--GUARANTEED LOANMAKING
    Subpart A--General
    Subpart B--Business and Industry Loans
    Subpart C--Biorefinery Assistance Loans
    PART 4280--LOANS AND GRANTS
    Subpart A--Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Programs
    Subpart B--Rural Energy for America Program
    Subpart D--Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program
    PART 4284--GRANTS
    Subpart A--General Requirements for Cooperative Services Grant Program
    Subpart G--Rural Business Opportunity Grants
    Subpart J--Value-Added Producer Grant Program
    PART 4285--COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS
    Subpart A--Federal-State Research on Cooperatives Program
    PART 4290--RURAL BUSINESS INVESTMENT COMPANY ("RBIC") PROGRAM
    Subpart B--Definition of Terms Used in Part 4290
    Subpart H--Recordkeeping, Reporting, and Examination Requirements for RBICs
    Subpart M--Miscellaneous
    Department of State
    Title 2--Grants and Agreements
    CHAPTER VI--DEPARTMENT OF STATE
    PART 600--THE UNIFORM ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS, COST PRINCIPLES, AND
AUDIT REQUIREMENTS FOR FEDERAL AWARDS
    Title 22--Foreign Relations
    CHAPTER I--DEPARTMENT OF STATE
    PART 135--[REMOVED]
    PART 145--[REMOVED]
    Agency for International Development
    Title 2--Grants and Agreements
    CHAPTER VII--AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
    PART 700--UNIFORM ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS, COST PRINCIPLES, AND AUDIT
REQUIREMENTS FOR FEDERAL AWARDS
    Subpart A--Acronyms and Definitions
    Subpart B--General Provisions
    Subpart C--Pre-Federal Award Requirements and Contents of Federal Awards
    Subpart D--Post Federal Award Requirements
    Remedies for Noncompliance
    USAID-Specific Requirements
    Subpart A--Acronyms and Definitions
    Subpart B--General Provisions
    Subpart C--Pre-Federal Award Requirements and Contents of Federal Awards
    Subpart D--Post Federal Award Requirements
    Remedies for Noncompliance
    USAID--Specific Requirements
    Title 22--Foreign Relations
    CHAPTER II--AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
    PART 226--[REMOVED]
    Department of Veterans Affairs
    Title 2--Grants and Agreements
    CHAPTER VIII--DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS
    PART 802--UNIFORM ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS, COST PRINCIPLES, AND AUDIT
REQUIREMENTS FOR FEDERAL AWARDS
    Title 38--Pensions, Bonuses, and Veterans' Relief
    CHAPTER I--DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS
    PART 41--[REMOVED]
    PART 43--[REMOVED]
    Department of Energy
    PART 910--UNIFORM ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS, COST PRINCIPLES, AND AUDIT
REQUIREMENTS FOR FEDERAL AWARDS
    Subpart A--[Reserved]
    Subpart B--General Provisions
    Subpart C [Reserved]
    Subpart D--Post Award Federal Requirements for For-Profit Entities
    Appendix A to Subpart D--Patents and Data Provisions for For-Profit
Organizations
    Subpart E--Cost Principles
    Subpart F--Audit Requirements for For-Profit Entities
    General
    Audits
    Auditees
    Federal Agencies
    Auditors
    Management Decisions
    Subpart A--[Reserved]
    Subpart B--General Provisions
    Subpart C--[RESERVED]
    Subpart D--Post Award Federal Requirements for For-Profit Entities
    Appendix A to Subpart D--Patent and Data Provisions
    1. Patent Rights (Small Business Firms and Nonprofit Organizations)
    2. Patent Rights (Large Business Firms)--No Waiver
    3. Rights in Data--General
    Alternate I:
    Limited Rights Notice
    Alternate II:
    Restricted Rights Notice
    Restricted Rights Notice
    4. Rights in Data--Programs Covered Under Special Data Statutes
    Protected Rights Notice
    Alternate I
    Limited Rights Notice
    Alternate II
    Restricted Rights Notice
    Restricted Rights Notice
    Subpart E--Cost Principles
    Subpart F--Audit Requirements for For-Profit Entities
    General
    Audits
    Auditees
    Federal Agencies
    Auditors
    Management Decisions
    Title 10--Energy
    CHAPTER II--DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY
    PART 602--EPIDEMIOLOGY AND OTHER HEALTH STUDIES FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAM

    PART 605--THE OFFICE OF SCIENCE FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAM
    Appendix A to Part 605 [Amended]
    CHAPTER III--DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY
    PART 733--ALLEGATIONS OF RESEARCH MISCONDUCT
    Department of Treasury
    Title 2--Grants and Agreements
    CHAPTER X--DEPARTMENT OF TREASURY
    PART 1000--UNIFORM ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS, COST PRINCIPLES, AND AUDIT
REQUIREMENTS FOR FEDERAL AWARDS
    Department of Defense,
    Office of the Secretary
    PART 1103--INTERIM GRANTS AND COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS IMPLEMENTATION OF
GUIDANCE IN 2 CFR PART 200, "UNIFORM ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS, COST
PRINCIPLES, AND AUDIT REQUIREMENTS FOR FEDERAL AWARDS"
    Subpart A--Interim Implementation of Guidance in 2 CFR Part 200
    Subpart B--Pre-Existing Policies Continuing in Effect During Interim
Implementation
    Subpart C--Definitions of Terms Used in This Part
    Subpart A--Interim Implementation of Guidance in 2 CFR Part 200
    Subpart B--Pre-Existing Policies Continuing in Effect During Interim
Implementation
    Subpart C--Definitions of Terms Used in This Part
    Department of Transportation
    Office of the Secretary
    Title 2--Grants and Agreements
    CHAPTER XII--DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
    PART 1201--UNIFORM ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS, COST PRINCIPLES, AND AUDIT
REQUIREMENTS FOR FEDERAL AWARDS
    Title 49--Transportation
    Subtitle A--Office of the Secretary of Transportation
    PART 18--[REMOVED AND RESERVED]
    PART 19--[REMOVED AND RESERVED]
    Department of Commerce
    Office of the Secretary
    Title 2--Grants and Agreements
    CHAPTER XIII--DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
    PART 1327--UNIFORM ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS, COST PRINCIPLES, AND AUDIT
REQUIREMENTS FOR FEDERAL AWARDS
    Title 15--Commerce and Foreign Trade
    Subtitle A--Office of the Secretary of Commerce
    PART 14--[REMOVED AND RESERVED]
    PART 24--[REMOVED AND RESERVED]
    Department of the Interior
    Office of the Secretary
    Title 2--Grants and Agreements
    CHAPTER XIV--DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
    PART 1402--UNIFORM ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS, COST PRINCIPLES, AND AUDIT
REQUIREMENTS FOR FEDERAL AWARDS
    Title 43--Public Lands: Interior
    Subtitle A--Office of the Secretary of the Interior
    PART 12--[REMOVED AND RESERVED]
    Environmental Protection Agency
    Title 2--Grants and Agreements
    CHAPTER XV--ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY
    PART 1500--UNIFORM ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS, COST PRINCIPLES, AND AUDIT
REQUIREMENTS FOR FEDERAL AWARDS
    Subpart A--Acronyms and Definitions [Reserved]
    Subpart B--General Provisions
    Subpart C--Pre-Federal Award Requirements and Contents of Federal Awards.
    Subpart D--Post Federal Award Requirements.
    Standards for Financial and Program Management
    Procurement Standards
    Performance and Financial Monitoring and Reporting
    Subpart E--Disputes.
    Subpart A--Acronyms and Definitions [Reserved]
    Subpart B--General Provisions
    Subpart C--Pre-Federal Award Requirements and Contents of Federal Awards
    Subpart D--Post Federal Award Requirements.
    Standards for Financial and Program Management
    Procurement Standards
    Performance and Financial Monitoring and Reporting
    Subpart E--Disputes
    Title 40--Environmental Protection
    CHAPTER I--ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY
    PART 30--[Removed]
    PART 31--[Removed]
    PART 33--PARTICIPATION BY DISADVANTAGED BUSINESS ENTERPRISES IN UNITED
STATES ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY PROGRAMS
    PART 35--STATE AND LOCAL ASSISTANCE
    Subpart A--Environmental Program Grants
    Subpart B--Environmental Program Grants for Tribes
    Subpart E--[RESERVED]
    Subpart H--[RESERVED]
    Subpart I--Grants for Construction of Treatment Works
    Appendix A to Subpart I of Part 35--Determination of Allowable Costs
    Subpart J--Construction Grants Program Delegation to States
    Subpart K--State Water Pollution Control Revolving Funds
    Subpart L--Drinking Water State Revolving Funds
    Subpart M--Grants for Technical Assistance
    Subpart O--Cooperative Agreements and Superfund State Contracts for
Superfund Response Actions
    Subpart P--Financial Assistance for the National Estuary Program
    PART 40-- RESEARCH AND DEMONSTRATION GRANTS
    PART 45--TRAINING ASSISTANCE
    PART 46--FELLOWSHIPS
    Subpart D--During the Fellowship
    PART 47--NATIONAL ENVIRONMENTAL EDUCATION ACT GRANTS
    National Aeronautics and Space Administration
    Title 2--Grants and Agreements
    CHAPTER XVIII--NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
    PART 1800--UNIFORM ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS, COST PRINCIPLES, AND AUDIT
REQUIREMENTS FOR FEDERAL AWARDS
    Subpart A--Acronyms and Definitions
    Subpart B--Pre-Federal Award Requirements and Contents of Federal Awards
    Subpart C--Post Federal Award Requirements
    Standards for Financial and Program Management
    Property Standards
    Remedies for Noncompliance
    Subpart A--Acronyms and Definitions
    Subpart B--Pre-Federal Award Requirements and Contents of Federal Awards
    Subpart C--Post Federal Award Requirements
    Standards for Financial and Program Management
    Property Standards
    Remedies for Noncompliance
    Appendix A to Part 1800--Certifications, Assurances, and Representations
    CERTIFICATION OF COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE EXECUTIVE ORDERS AND U.S. CODE
(MON/YEAR)
    ASSURANCE OF COMPLIANCE WITH THE NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE
ADMINISTRATION REGULATIONS PURSUANT TO NONDISCRIMINATION IN FEDERALLY ASSISTED
PROGRAMS (MON/YEAR)
    CERTIFICATION REGARDING LOBBYING (MON/YEAR)
    CERTIFICATION REGARDING DEBARMENT, SUSPENSION, AND OTHER MATTERS OF
RESPONSIBILITY (MON/YEAR)
    Appendix B to Part 1800--Terms and Conditions
    1800.900Terms and Conditions
    1800.901Compliance With OMB Guidance on Uniform Administrative Requirements,
Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards
    COMPLIANCE WITH OMB GUIDANCE (MON/YEAR)
    COMPLIANCE WITH OMB GUIDANCE
    Alternate I
    (MON/YEAR)
    1800.902Technical Publications and Reports
    TECHNICAL PUBLICATIONS AND REPORTS (MON/YEAR)
    1800.903Extensions
    EXTENSIONS (MON/YEAR)
    1800.904Termination and Enforcement
    TERMINATION AND ENFORCEMENT (MON/YEAR)
    1800.905Change in Principal Investigator or Scope
    CHANGE IN PRINCIPAL INVESTIGATOR OR SCOPE (MON/YEAR)
    1800.906Financial Management
    FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT (MON/YEAR)
    1800.907Equipment and Other Property
    EQUIPMENT AND OTHER PROPERTY (MON/YEAR)
    1800.908Patent Rights
    PATENT RIGHTS (MON/YEAR)
    1800.909Rights in Data
    RIGHTS IN DATA (MON/YEAR)
    1800.910National Security
    NATIONAL SECURITY (MON/YEAR)
    1800.911Nondiscrimination
    NONDISCRIMINATION (MON/YEAR)
    1800.912Clean Air and Water
    CLEAN AIR AND WATER (MON/YEAR)
    1800.913Investigative Requirements
    INVESTIGATIVE REQUIREMENTS (MON/YEAR)
    1800.914Travel and Transportation
    TRAVEL AND TRANSPORTATION (MON/YEAR)
    1800.915Safety
    SAFETY (MON/YEAR)
    1800.916Buy American Encouragement
    BUY AMERICAN ENCOURAGEMENT (MON/YEAR)
    1800.917Investigation of Research Misconduct
    INVESTIGATION OF RESEARCH MISCONDUCT (MON/YEAR)
    1800.918Allocation of Risk/Liability
    ALLOCATION OF RISK/LIABILITY (MON/YEAR)
    1800.919Cooperative Agreement Special Condition
    COOPERATIVE AGREEMENT SPECIAL CONDITION (MON/YEAR)
    1800.920Multiple Year Grant
    MULTIPLE YEAR GRANT OR (MON/YEAR)
    1800.921Incremental Funding
    INCREMENTAL FUNDING (MON/YEAR)
    1800.922Cost Sharing
    COST SHARING (MON/YEAR)
    1800.923New Technology
    NEW TECHNOLOGY (MON/YEAR)
    1800.924Designation of New Technology Representative and Patent
Representative
    DESIGNATION OF NEW TECHNOLOGY REPRESENTATIVE AND PATENT REPRESENTATIVE
(MON/YEAR)
    1800.925Invention Reporting and Rights
    INVENTION REPORTING AND RIGHTS (MON/YEAR)
    1800.926Equipment and Other Property Under Grants With Commercial Firms
    EQUIPMENT AND OTHER PROPERTY UNDER GRANTS WITH COMMERCIAL FIRMS (MON/YEAR)
    1800.927Listing of reportable equipment and other property.
    LISTING OF REPORTABLE EQUIPMENT AND OTHER PROPERTY (MON/YEAR)
    1800.928Invoices and Payments Under Grants With Commercial Firms
    INVOICES AND PAYMENTS UNDER GRANTS WITH COMMERCIAL FIRMS (MON/YEAR)
    1800.929Electronic Funds Transfer Payment Methods
    ELECTRONIC FUNDS TRANSFER PAYMENT METHODS (MON/YEAR)
    Title 14--Aeronautics and Space
    CHAPTER V--NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
    PART 1260 [REMOVED AND RESERVED]
    PART 1273 [REMOVED AND RESERVED]
    Corporation for National and Community Service
    Title 2--Grants and Agreements
    CHAPTER XXII--CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY SERVICE
    PART 2205--IMPLEMENTATION OF AND EXEMPTIONS TO 2 CFR
    PART 200
    Title 45--Public Welfare
    CHAPTER XII--CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY SERVICE
    PART 1235--LOCALLY GENERATED CONTRIBUTIONS IN OLDER AMERICAN VOLUNTEER
PROGRAMS
    CHAPTER XXV--CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY SERVICE
    PART 2510--OVERALL PURPOSES AND DEFINITIONS
    PART 2520--GENERAL PROVISIONS: AMERICORPS SUBTITLE C PROGRAMS
    PART 2541--[REMOVED AND RESERVED]
    PART 2543--[REMOVED AND RESERVED]
    PART 2551--SENIOR COMPANION PROGRAM
    PART 2552--FOSTER GRANDPARENT PROGRAM
    PART 2553--THE RETIRED AND SENIOR VOLUNTEER PROGRAM
    Social Security Administration
    Title 2--Grants and Agreements
    Subtitle B--Federal Agency Regulations for Grants and Agreements
    CHAPTER XXIII--SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION
    PART 2300--UNIFORM ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS, COST PRINCIPLES, AND AUDIT
REQUIREMENTS FOR FEDERAL AWARDS
    Title 20--Employee Benefits
    CHAPTER III--SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION
    PART 435--[REMOVED AND RESERVED]
    PART 437--[REMOVED AND RESERVED]
    Department of Housing and Urban Development
    Title 2--Grants and Agreements
    CHAPTER XXIV--DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT
    PART 2400--UNIFORM ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS, COST PRINCIPLES AND AUDIT
REQUIRMENTS FOR FEDERAL AWARDS
    Title 24--Housing and Urban Development
    Subtitle A--Office of the Secretary, Department of Housing and Urban
Development
    PART 84--UNIFORM ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS FOR GRANTS AND AGREEMENTS WITH
INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION, HOSPITALS, AND OTHER NON-PROFIT ORGANIZATIONS
    Subpart B [Removed]
    Subpart C [Removed]
    Subpart D [Removed]
    Subpart E [Removed]
    Appendix A to part 84 [Removed]
    PART 85--ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS FOR GRANTS AND COOOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS
TO STATE, LOCAL AND FEDERALLY RECOGNIZED INDIAN TRIBES
    Subpart B [Removed]
    Subpart C [Removed]
    Subpart D [Removed]
    Subpart E [Removed]
    National Science Foundation
    Title 2--Grants and Agreements
    CHAPTER XXV--NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION
    PART 2500--UNIFORM ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS, COST PRINCIPLES, AND AUDIT
REQUIREMENTS FOR FEDERAL AWARDS
    Title 45--Public Welfare
    CHAPTER VI--NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION
    PART 602--[Removed]
    National Archives and Records Administration
    Title 2--Grants and Agreements
    CHAPTER XXVI--NATIONAL ARCHIVES AND RECORDS ADMINISTRATION
    PART 2600--UNIFORM ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS, COST PRINCIPLES, AND AUDIT
REQUIREMENTS FOR FEDERAL AWARDS
    Title 36--Parks, Forests, and Public Property
    CHAPTER XII--NATIONAL ARCHIVES AND RECORDS ADMINISTRATION
    PART 1206--NATIONAL HISTORICAL PUBLICATIONS AND RECORDS COMMISSION
    PART 1207 [Removed]
    PART 1210 [Removed]
    Small Business Administration
    Title 2--Grants and Agreements
    CHAPTER XXVII--SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION
    PART 2701--UNIFORM ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS, COST PRINCIPLES, AND AUDIT
REQUIREMENTS FOR FEDERAL AWARDS
    Title 13--Business Credit and Assistance
    CHAPTER I--SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION
    PART 143--[REMOVED AND RESERVED]
    Department of Justice
    Title 2--Grants and Agreements
    CHAPTER XXVIII--DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
    PART 2800--UNIFORM ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS, COST PRINCIPLES, AND AUDIT
REQUIREMENTS FOR FEDERAL AWARDS BY THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
    Title 28--Judicial Administration
    CHAPTER I--DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
    PARTS 66 and 70 [Removed]
    Department of Labor
    CHAPTER XXIX--DEPARTMENT OF LABOR
    PART 2900--UNIFORM ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS, COST PRINCIPLES, AND AUDIT
REQUIREMENTS FOR FEDERAL AWARDS
    Subpart A--Acronyms and Definitions
    Subpart B--General Provisions
    Subpart C--Pre-Federal Award Requirements and Contents of Federal Awards
    Subpart D--Post Federal Award Requirements
    Subpart E--Cost Principles
    Subpart F--Audit Requirements
    Subpart A--Acronyms and Definitions
    Subpart B--General Provisions
    Subpart C--Pre-Federal Award Requirements and Contents of Federal Awards
    Subpart D--Post Federal Award Requirements
    Subpart E--Cost Principles
    Subpart F--Audit Requirements
    Department of Homeland Security
    Title 2--Grants and Agreements
    CHAPTER XXX--DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY
    PART 3002--UNIFORM ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS, COST PRINCIPLES, AND AUDIT
REQUIREMENTS FOR FEDERAL AWARDS
    Department of Homeland Security
    Federal Emergency Management Agency
    Title 44--Emergency Management and Assistance
    CHAPTER I--FEDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGENCY
    PART 13--[REMOVED AND RESERVED]
    PART 78--FLOOD MITIGATION ASSISTANCE
    PART 79--FLOOD MITIGATION GRANTS
    PART 152--ASSISTANCE TO FIREFIGHTERS GRANT PROGRAM
    PART 201--MITIGATION PLANNING
    PART 204--FIRE MANAGEMENT ASSISTANCE GRANT PROGRAM
    PART 206--FEDERAL DISASTER ASSISTANCE
    PART 207--MANAGEMENT COSTS
    PART 208--NATIONAL URBAN SEARCH AND RESCUE RESPONSE SYSTEM
    PART 304--CONSOLIDATED GRANTS TO INSULAR AREAS
    PART 360--STATE ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS FOR TRAINING AND EDUCATION IN
COMPREHENSIVE EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT
    PART 361--NATIONAL EARTHQUAKE HAZARDS REDUCTION ASSISTANCE TO STATE AND
LOCAL GOVERNMENTS
    Institute of Museum and Library Services
    Title 2--Grants and Agreements
    CHAPTER XXXI--INSTITUTE OF MUSEUM AND LIBRARY SERVICES
    PART 3187--UNIFORM ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS, COST PRINCIPLES, AND AUDIT
REQUIREMENTS FOR FEDERAL AWARDS
    Subpart A--Definitions and Eligibility
    Subpart B--General Application, Selection and Award Procedures
    Applications
    Selection and Award Procedures
    Subpart C--General Conditions Which Must Be Met
    Compliance with Legal Requirements
    Nondiscrimination
    Evaluation
    Allowable Costs
    Subpart A--Scope, Definitions, and Eligibility
    Subpart B--General Application, Selection and Award Procedures
    Applications
    Selection and Award Procedures
    Subpart C--General Conditions Which Must Be Met
    Compliance With Legal Requirements
    Nondiscrimination
    Evaluation
    Allowable Costs
    Title 45--Public Welfare
    CHAPTER XI--NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE HUMANITIES
    Subchapter E--Institute of Museum and Library Services
    PART 1180--[REMOVED AND RESERVED]
    PART 1183--[REMOVED AND RESERVED]
    National Endowment for the Arts
    Title 2--Grants and Agreements
    CHAPTER XXXII--NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS
    PART 3255--UNIFORM ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS, COST PRINCIPLES, AND AUDIT
REQUIREMENTS FOR FEDERAL AWARDS
    Title 45--Public Welfare
    CHAPTER XI--NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND HUMANITIES
    Subchapter B--National Foundation for the Arts
    PART 1157--[REMOVED AND RESERVED]
    National Endowment for the Humanities
    Title 2--Grants and Agreements
    CHAPTER XXXIII--NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE HUMANITIES
    PART 3374--UNIFORM ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS, COST PRINCIPLES, AND AUDIT
REQUIREMENTS FOR FEDERAL AWARDS
    Title 45--Public Welfare
    CHAPTER XI--NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE HUMANITIES
    Subchapter D--National Endowment for the Humanities
    PART 1174--[REMOVED AND RESERVED]
    Department of Education
    Title 2--Grants and Agreements
    Subtitle B--Federal Agency Regulations for Grants and Agreements
    CHAPTER XXXIV--DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION
    PART 3474--UNIFORM ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS, COST PRINCIPLES, AND AUDIT
REQUIREMENTS FOR FEDERAL AWARDS
    Title 34--Education
    Subtitle A--Office of the Secretary, Department of Education
    PART 74 [REMOVED]
    PART 75--DIRECT GRANT PROGRAMS
    PART 76--STATE-ADMINISTERED PROGRAMS
    PART 77--DEFINITIONS THAT APPLY TO DEPARTMENT REGULATIONS
    PART 80--[REMOVED AND RESERVED]
    Subtitle B--Regulations of the Offices of the Department of Education
    CHAPTER I--OFFICE FOR CIVIL RIGHTS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION
    PART 101--PRACTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR HEARINGS UNDER PART 100 OF THIS TITLE
    CHAPTER II--OFFICE OF ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY EDUCATION, DEPARTMENT OF
EDUCATION
    PART 206--SPECIAL EDUCATIONAL PROGRAMS FOR STUDENTS WHOSE FAMILIES ARE
ENGAGED IN MIGRANT AND OTHER SEASONAL FARMWORK--HIGH SCHOOL EQUIVALENCY PROGRAM
AND COLLEGE ASSISTANCE MIGRANT PROGRAM
    PART 222--IMPACT AID PROGRAMS
    PART 225--CREDIT ENHANCEMENT FOR CHARTER SCHOOL FACILITIES PROGRAM
    PART 226--STATE CHARTER SCHOOL FACILITIES INCENTIVE PROGRAM
    PART 270--DESEGREGATION OF PUBLIC EDUCATION
    PART 280--MAGNET SCHOOLS ASSISTANCE PROGRAM
    PART 299--GENERAL PROVISIONS
    CHAPTER III--OFFICE OF SPECIAL EDUCATION AND REHABILITATIVE SERVICES,
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION
    PART 300--ASSISTANCE TO STATES FOR THE EDUCATION OF CHILDREN WITH
DISABILITIES
    PART 303--EARLY INTERVENTION PROGRAM FOR INFANTS AND TODDLERS WITH
DISABILITIES
    PART 350--DISABILITY AND REHABILITATION RESEARCH PROJECTS AND CENTERS
PROGRAM
    PART 361--STATE VOCATIONAL REHABILITATION SERVICES PROGRAM
    PART 363--THE STATE SUPPORTED EMPLOYMENT SERVICES PROGRAM
    PART 364--STATE INDEPENDENT LIVING SERVICES PROGRAM AND CENTERS FOR
INDEPENDENT LIVING PROGRAM: GENERAL PROVISIONS
    PART 365--STATE INDEPENDENT LIVING SERVICES
    PART 367--INDEPENDENT LIVING SERVICES FOR OLDER INDIVIDUALS WHO ARE BLIND
    PART 369--VOCATIONAL REHABILITATION SERVICE PROJECTS
    PART 370--CLIENT ASSISTANCE PROGRAM
    PART 373--SPECIAL DEMONSTRATION PROGRAMS
    PART 377--DEMONSTRATION PROJECTS TO INCREASE CLIENT CHOICE PROGRAM
    PART 380--[REMOVED AND RESERVED]
    PART 381--PROTECTION AND ADVOCACY OF INDIVIDUAL RIGHTS
    PART 385--REHABILITATION TRAINING
    PART 396--TRAINING OF INTERPRETERS FOR INDIVIDUALS WHO ARE DEAF AND
INDIVIDUALS WHO ARE DEAF-BLIND
    CHAPTER IV--OFFICE OF CAREER, TECHNICAL, AND ADULT EDUCATION, DEPARTMENT OF
EDUCATION
    PART 400--CAREER, TECHNICAL, AND APPLIED TECHNOLOGY EDUCATION
PROGRAMS--GENERAL PROVISIONS
    PART 426--[REMOVED AND RESERVED]
    PART 460--[REMOVED AND RESERVED]
    PART 464--[REMOVED AND RESERVED]
    PART 491--[REMOVED AND RESERVED]
    CHAPTER V--OFFICE OF BILINGUAL EDUCATION AND MINORITY LANGUAGES AFFAIRS,
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION
    PART 535--[REMOVED AND RESERVED]
    CHAPTER VI--OFFICE OF POSTSECONDARY EDUCATION, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION
    PART 606--DEVELOPING HISPANIC-SERVING INSTITUTIONS PROGRAM
    PART 607--STRENGTHENING INSTITUTIONS PROGRAM
    PART 608--STRENGTHENING HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES PROGRAM

    PART 609--STRENGTHENING HISTORICALLY BLACK GRADUATE INSTITUTIONS PROGRAM
    PART 611--TEACHER QUALITY ENHANCEMENT GRANTS PROGRAM
    PART 614--PREPARING TOMORROW'S TEACHERS TO USE TECHNOLOGY
    PART 628--ENDOWMENT CHALLENGE GRANT PROGRAM
    PART 636--[REMOVED AND RESERVED]
    PART 637--MINORITY SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM
    PART 642--TRAINING PROGRAM FOR FEDERAL TRIO PROGRAMS
    PART 643--TALENT SEARCH
    PART 644--EDUCATIONAL OPPORTUNITY CENTERS
    PART 645--UPWARD BOUND PROGRAM
    PART 646--STUDENT SUPPORT SERVICES PROGRAM
    PART 647--RONALD E. MCNAIR POSTBACCALAUREATE ACHIEVEMENT PROGRAM
    PART 648--GRADUATE ASSISTANCE IN AREAS OF NATIONAL NEED
    PART 650--JACOB K. JAVITS FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM
    PART 654--ROBERT C. BYRD HONORS SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM
    PART 655--INTERNATIONAL EDUCATION PROGRAMS--GENERAL PROVISIONS
    PART 661--BUSINESS AND INTERNATIONAL EDUCATION PROGRAM
    PART 662--FULBRIGHT-HAYS DOCTORAL DISSERTATION RESEARCH ABROAD FELLOWSHIP
PROGRAM
    PART 663--FULBRIGHT-HAYS FACULTY RESEARCH ABROAD FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM
    PART 664--FULBRIGHT-HAYS GROUP PROJECTS ABROAD PROGRAM
    PART 682--FEDERAL FAMILY EDUCATION LOAN (FFEL) PROGRAM
    PART 692--LEVERAGING EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM
    PART 694--GAINING EARLY AWARENESS AND READINESS FOR UNDERGRADUATE PROGRAMS
(GEAR UP)
    Subtitle C--Regulations Relating to Education
    CHAPTER XI--[REMOVED AND RESERVED]
    Executive Office of the President
    Office of National Drug Control Policy
    Title 2--Grants and Agreements
    CHAPTER XXXVI--OFFICE OF NATIONAL DRUG CONTROL POLICY, EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF
THE PRESIDENT
    PART 3603--UNIFORM ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS, COST PRINCIPLES, AND AUDIT
REQUIREMENTS FOR FEDERAL AWARDS
    Title 21--Food and Drugs
    CHAPTER III--OFFICE OF NATIONAL DRUG CONTROL POLICY
    PARTS 1403, 1404, AND 1405--[REMOVED AND RESERVED]
    Gulf Coast Ecosystem Restoration Council
    Title 2 Grants and Agreements
    CHAPTER LIX--GULF COAST ECOSYSTEM RESTORATION COUNCIL
    PART 5900--UNIFORM ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS, COST PRINCIPLES, AND AUDIT
REQUIREMENTS FOR FEDERAL AWARDS
    Footnotes

DATES: Back to Top

Effective

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              108 of 119 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright (c) 2013 Duke Environmental Law & Policy Forum
                     Duke Environmental Law & Policy Forum

                                   Fall, 2013

                     Duke Environmental Law & Policy Forum

                        24 Duke Envtl. L. & Pol'y F. 279

LENGTH: 20278 words

NOTE: URBAN AGRICULTURE & THE MODERN FARM BILL: CULTIVATING PROSPERITY IN
AMERICA'S RUST BELT

NAME: Amy E. Mersol-Barg+

BIO: Copyright © 2014 Amy E. Mersol-Barg.

+ Duke University School of Law, J.D. expected 2014; University of Michigan,
B.A. 2010. Special thanks to Professor Jedediah Purdy for his mentorship
throughout the writing process; to the editors of the Duke Environmental Law &
Policy Forum for their thoughtful comments and careful edits; and to my family
for their unending support.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... The largest source of federal aid for farming and nutrition assistance is
the Farm Bill, which makes this omnibus legislation an ideal vehicle for
promoting urban agriculture.  ... Even if cities like Detroit are not cultivated
to the fullest extent, urban agriculture is a viable strategy for increasing
food access in blighted communities.  ... In a more equitable federal-state
relationship, the federal government would facilitate urban agriculture by
providing funds, expertise, and flexible programs in which communities could
choose to participate.  ... In this way, urban agriculture is a means to secure
a more equitable federal-state relationship and attain food democracy, which
confirms " the rights of consumers to have more satisfying food choices and
alternatives in the market; the rights of farmers, chefs and marketers to
produce and market foods reflecting their diversity and creative potential; and
our nation's ability to have a food system that promotes good health,
confidence, understanding, and enjoyment as well as economic opportunity." ...
Moreover, the Farm Bill is a suitable means for promoting urban food systems
because the goals of urban agriculture align with the Farm Bill's dual
objectives of aiding farmers and providing nutrition assistance.  ... Expanding
Existing Programs that Promote Urban Agriculture Although few local food
programs apply to urban contexts - and those that do receive minimal funding -
urban communities nationwide are tapping these resources to address problems
hindering the development of urban agriculture.  ... Many urban agriculture
operations qualify as residential/lifestyle farms because urban agriculture
typically occurs on a small scale and is not the primary occupation for most
urban farmers.  ... Similarly, urban agriculture programs cannot fully adopt the
Census Bureau's definition; otherwise, the "urban cluster" designation would
allow areas with 2,500 to 50,000 residents to qualify as both rural and urban
for Farm Bill purposes.  ... Although urban agriculture provides many benefits,
like personal fulfillment, a core goal of the urban agriculture movement is
promoting social equality through improved food access and job creation.

TEXT:
 [*279]

   Introduction

 Photographers from around the world flock to Detroit to document the defunct
Michigan Central Station and other monuments to the city's former prosperity. n1
These images evoke mourning and nostalgia for what the city once was; yet, they
fail to capture Detroit's ongoing vitality. Although the city contains vast
swaths of vacant land, n2 faces steep employment and public health challenges,
n3 and houses a population that is less than half its peak size, n4 Detroit is
gradually adapting to these realities.

   One of the most promising signs of Detroit's renaissance is the development
of the city's food system. n5 Detroit has a rich history of urban agriculture,
n6 and there is growing interest in increasing local food  [*280]  production.
n7 In 2010, for example, "the Garden Resource Program Collaborative engaged more
than 5,000 adults and 10,000 youth in more than 1,200 vegetable gardens, ...
[which] collectively produced more than 160 tons of food." n8 Some of this food
was sold in local farmers' markets such as Eastern Market, which operates six
days per week, receives an estimated 45,000 visitors every Saturday, and sells
about 70,000 tons of fresh produce every year. n9 The immediate surrounding area
features dozens of restaurants and shops that sell locally produced goods and
many galleries that highlight local artists. n10 This vibrant district belies
the conception of Detroit as a barren wasteland.

   In addition to Eastern Market, there are hundreds of food initiatives in
Detroit, n11 thousands more in communities nationwide, n12 and there is
significant grassroots support for expanding these efforts. n13 Although critics
characterize the urban agriculture movement as a temporary solution to food
insecurity, n14 urban agriculture has ancient roots n15 and growing relevance
for struggling communities. In the last century, urban agriculture has become
more prevalent globally in response to food shortages and "political and
economic instability ... ." n16 These motivations are prominent in former
manufacturing hubs in the Northeastern and upper-Midwestern  [*281]  United
States - such as Detroit, Cleveland, Pittsburgh, and Buffalo - collectively
known as America's "rust belt." n17 Rust belt cities feature a shrinking
population and an increasing number of vacant lots and blighted areas. n18 While
food security is a goal of the urban agriculture movement, most urban farming
proponents do not see alimentary self-sufficiency as the ultimate goal. n19
Rather, they envision it as a device for invigorating local economies and
strengthening community bonds while promoting public health and social justice.
n20 Urban agriculture, therefore, is a valuable component of rust belt
revitalization. n21

   Despite the achievements of urban agriculture in cities like Detroit, these
initiatives require federal resources to supplement local efforts. n22 Most
urban farms rely on volunteer labor, donations, and grants because they need
startup capital and cannot subsist solely on farm revenues. n23 Moreover, bank
loans are hard for beginning farmers to secure, municipal funding is scarce in
rust belt cities like Detroit, n24 and state funding is often slated for rural
agricultural projects. n25 Consequently, urban farmers would benefit from
federal farming supports like those available for their rural counterparts.

   The largest source of federal aid for farming and nutrition assistance is
[*282]  the Farm Bill, n26 which makes this omnibus legislation an ideal vehicle
for promoting urban agriculture. Furthermore, Congress revises the Farm Bill
every five to seven years, allowing this legislation to evolve with society's
needs. n27 Although the Farm Bill is associated with supporting rural
communities and subsidizing large agribusiness, n28 recent Farm Bill programs
have been more supportive of local food efforts. There are, however, only a
handful of programs broad enough to include urban agriculture. n29

   This Note argues that the Farm Bill is a credible means for encouraging urban
food systems, and seeks to drive the legislative discussion toward creating a
Farm Bill that expressly promotes urban agriculture. Although there is a wealth
of scholarship detailing the benefits of urban agriculture and recommending
local and state promotional efforts, this Note represents the first
comprehensive discussion of the Farm Bill as a source of support for urban
agriculture.

   Part I discusses the benefits and limitations of urban agriculture. Part II
then surveys the evolution of the Farm Bill - from an emergency provision in the
1930s to the monolithic legislation of the present day - and highlights
challenges that hinder its application to urban contexts. Finally, Part III
presents a vision of a Farm Bill that promotes urban agriculture. First, this
Note recommends expanding existing Farm Bill provisions that support urban
agriculture. Next, it proposes that Congress create a Farm Bill Title dedicated
to urban agriculture, and argues that an essential step toward this goal is
defining key terms that impact eligibility for future urban agriculture
programs. Although this proposal does not address all facets of promoting urban
agriculture through the Farm Bill, this Note seeks to offer a viable framework
for supporting urban food systems within the dominant American agricultural
legislation. n30

[*283]

   I. Urban Agriculture: Benefits and Limitations

 Urban agriculture is an attractive tool for resuscitating rust belt cities
because it exploits abundant city resources: vacant land and a citizenry that
wants a healthier and more fulfilling future. This Part will discuss some of
urban agriculture's benefits, including productive land use and job creation;
public health and food access; community building and personal satisfaction; and
more consumer power in the agricultural marketplace through a more equitable
federal-state partnership. In addition, this Part will address the corresponding
limitations of urban agriculture.

   A. Productive Land Use and Job Creation

 As rust-belt populations continue to shrink, n31 many community groups and city
governments are embracing urban agriculture as a way to put the increasing
number of vacant properties to more productive use. n32 For example, the City of
Cleveland supports urban agriculture as an enduring land-use solution because
"it is unlikely that all of the city's surplus land will be reused for
conventional real estate development in the foreseeable future." n33 Vacant
properties currently burden cities with "nuisance response, inspections,
maintenance and mowing, forgone taxes, and eventual demolition costs"; n34
however, urban agriculture can convert these properties into assets. While
cultivation will likely be one of several approaches to restoring vacant
properties, urban agriculture is an essential strategy because it offers the
benefits of reduced crime, increased food access, and job creation.

    [*284]  First, implementing urban agriculture on vacant property can improve
neighborhood safety. n35 A large proportion of vacant properties in rust-belt
cities are abandoned or blighted n36 - rather than for sale or for lease n37 -
which "influences crime" in these cities n38 because abandoned and blighted
properties are more likely to host crime. For example, "more than 90 percent of
all arson fires [in Buffalo in 2007] ... were in abandoned properties." n39 In
addition, most vacancies in Detroit are in a "belt across the center of the
city, and the eastside neighborhoods in particular," n40 both of which have the
highest city crime rates. n41 Urban agriculture efforts, therefore, often
prioritize areas with high abandonment rates. n42 By transforming blighted lots
into agricultural projects, communities indicate that the area is cared-for and
patrolled, and thus "reroute" criminal activity. n43 Moreover, green space "has
been found to reduce stress, anger and even blood pressure," which can further
reduce crime. n44 Because rampant crime drives people to leave rust belt cities,
n45 addressing this issue is essential to retaining current city residents.

   Second, urban agriculture can generate enough produce on vacant properties to
feed a sizeable portion of a city's population, increasing food access. n46
Low-income neighborhoods with limited access to healthy foods  [*285]  often
contain large tracts of vacant land. n47 By replacing vacant properties with
urban farms, fresh produce would be more readily available to the surrounding
community, increasing food access. n48 This transformation is possible because
urban agriculture can be highly productive. In fact, urban agriculture can
produce higher yields per acre than rural agriculture with "season extenders
such as row covers and hoop houses." n49 Using these methods, urban agriculture
could, for example, produce an estimated seventy-five percent of vegetables and
half of fruits that Detroiters consume annually on just 568 acres n50 of the
estimated 4,848 acres of vacant land in Detroit. n51 To meet recommended
consumption levels, however, farmers would need to cultivate 2,014 acres of
land. n52 Even if cities like Detroit are not cultivated to the fullest extent,
urban agriculture is a viable strategy for increasing food access in blighted
communities.

   However, there are several barriers to cultivating vacant lots, including
poor soil quality and securing land to cultivate. Given the "legacy of
industrial activity" in rust belt cities, soil contamination is a major health
concern. n53 As alternatives to expensive soil remediation, urban farmers
generally use "raised beds, container gardens, and hydroponics to avoid
contaminants." n54 In addition, securing land is a persistent problem for
[*286]  urban farmers. Urban gardens or farms "are typically established on
vacant or abandoned land," which farmers may have permission to lease or use but
do not own outright. n55 Consequently, some urban farmers do not want to heavily
invest in the land. In response, local governments have dedicated vacant land to
urban agriculture through land trusts and easements, n56 and passed ordinances
allowing agricultural activities in residential and business districts. n57

   Third, establishing urban agriculture on vacant properties can create
living-wage jobs for community members, n58 particularly in low-income areas.
n59 Depending on the scale of the operation, jobs can range from cultivation to
processing and distribution. n60 Because most city residents have little to no
agricultural experience, n61 community groups around the country have developed
programs that "build entrepreneurship and job skills ... in agriculture,
culinary arts, and food service." n62 Some urban farms even explicitly set out
to provide "basic jobs skills that will allow [community members] to enter other
job markets." n63 Furthermore, urban farming encourages new business creation.
For example, Detroit's Eastern Market has attracted dozens of vendors that sell
value-added products made from Michigan crops (e.g., pickles and jam), which
accounts for hundreds of new jobs. n64 Although some rust belt city residents -
particularly older  [*287]  people with agrarian roots - are reluctant to grow
crops and others do not have the time or energy to farm, the younger generation
is embracing urban agriculture and the economic possibilities it presents. n65

   A core obstacle to establishing urban agriculture is high operation costs.
For example, a feasibility study determined that a 4.4-acre urban farm in
Youngstown, Ohio with $ 112,000 in annual revenue "would generate ... a net
deficit" after expending $ 38,000 in start up costs and $ 136,500 in annual
operations costs. n66 Even a basic garden requires many inputs - like seeds,
soil, water, tools, and labor - and commercial urban agriculture further
requires distribution - including refrigeration and packaging costs - and a
steady consumer base to remain financially sustainable. n67 To take advantage of
economies of scale, urban farmers often share resources. n68 Farmers also
develop steady customers by directly distributing their goods to corner stores,
or through community-supported agriculture programs or farmers' markets. n69 To
access larger volume markets, like schools and supermarkets, farmers
increasingly work with regional food hubs, which "manage[] the aggregation,
distribution, and marketing" of locally-produced food. n70 Despite these
efforts, financing is still a substantial barrier to expanding urban food
systems.

   B. Public Health and Food Access

 Urban agriculture is most often cited as a means for improving health and food
access. Over the past 30 years, malnutrition and obesity rates have risen
dramatically among children and adults across the United States. n71 Improper
nutrition can impair academic success n72 and obesity is a major factor in
developing chronic health conditions like heart disease, type II  [*288]
diabetes, and asthma. n73 Obesity can also lead to or exacerbate psychological
disorders like depression. n74 Reducing obesity has become a national priority
because poor public health threatens national security, with fewer young people
being fit for military service, n75 and requires expensive treatment. Treatment
for obesity-related conditions costs $ 150 billion annually in the United States
and is expected to more than double by 2018. n76

   The steady increase in malnutrition and obesity is partially attributable to
inadequate access to healthy foods, but the more insidious cause is a cultural
shift toward preferring processed foods and a sedentary lifestyle. n77 While
urban agriculture is not a panacea, cultivating city neighborhoods can increase
access to fresh foods and supply schools with nutritious ingredients while
providing opportunities for children and adults to be more physically active.

   First, urban agriculture is a tool for increasing access to healthy foods in
food insecure neighborhoods. The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
defines food security as having "access at all times to enough food for an
active, healthy life for all household members." n78 Unfortunately, about 17.9
million American households are food insecure. n79 This means that millions of
Americans are forced to skip meals, sometimes for an entire day, despite the
abundance of food that America's industrialized food system produces. n80 Food
access problems are more acute in "food deserts" - areas that have few or no
grocery stores that carry affordable and nutritious food. n81 Furthermore,
residents living in a food  [*289]  desert "typically lack the transportation to
make trips easily to stores in other parts of town." n82 As a result, low-income
residents often purchase "unhealthy food in corner stores and liquor stores ...
because of the lack of alternatives." n83

   Many cities, such as Detroit n84 and Cleveland, n85 have identified urban
agriculture as a strategy to increase food security. With an urban agriculture
system, residents can grow food in backyard or community gardens, or purchase
locally produced food from food stands, stores, and farmers' markets. Although
locally produced food usually costs more than heavily subsidized processed food,
n86 state and federal programs are starting to include local foods in nutrition
assistance programs, thereby making them more accessible to those who need them
most. n87 Consumers also get more value by purchasing local produce because
"freshly picked foods ... retain more nutrients than less fresh foods." n88

   Second, urban agriculture can improve healthy eating in schools and serve as
an educational tool to shift eating habits over time. While the federal
government provides low-cost or free school meals to millions of children who
could not otherwise afford them, n89 these programs often reinforce poor health
and eating habits due to lax nutritional standards that classify French fries as
a vegetable. n90 K-12 schools around the country are trying to include local
foods in school lunches and snack bars, rather than the canned and frozen foods
that federal programs subsidize. n91 By engaging with local growers, some
schools have negotiated bulk discounts on seasonal produce in exchange for
committing to purchasing produce consistently. n92 Schools are also
experimenting with incorporating foods  [*290]  from school-sponsored gardens
into lunch menus. Students cultivate these gardens as part of a substantive
course, like health or history, and studies show that students consume more
fruits and vegetables as a result. n93 Increasing the amount of local food also
allows individual schools to gain more control over school menus, which allows
the school to create more culturally appropriate meals. That is to say, meals
students are familiar with and willing to eat. n94

   Third, urban agriculture is an excellent way for children and adults to be
more physically active. Americans are becoming increasingly sedentary as
television, computers, and other devices draw our attention from participating
in athletics and outdoor activities, and there is a direct correlation between
screen time and obesity. n95 Americans, therefore, can improve their health by
replacing screen time with time spent working in a garden, whether at home, in a
neighborhood, or at school. Less obvious is the impact that crime has on
physical activity. In neighborhoods with higher crime-rates, parents often
forbid their children to play outside or walk or bike to school. n96 As
discussed earlier, urban agriculture can improve neighborhood safety by
occupying abandoned properties and increasing an outdoor community presence.
Providing safe, communal green spaces creates opportunities and incentives to go
outside and is thus an initial step toward encouraging physical activity as a
social norm.

   C. Beyond Tangible Benefits: Community Building and the Inherent Value of
Farming

 With the advent of cars, highways, and sophisticated communication systems,
neighbors have become more distant regardless of physical proximity. This is
particularly true in cities where growing numbers of  [*291]  vacant properties
create a physical barrier between residents. n97 Agriculture could fill these
physical gaps, converting deserted properties into shared spaces "where
community members can exchange ideas and discuss community issues and problems."
n98 As humans become more alienated from each other and from the land itself,
urban agriculture presents an opportunity to reverse these trends.

   Because urban agriculture is an umbrella term for numerous farming
activities, an urban food system can facilitate human connections at many
levels. At the production level, for example, neighbors can interact when
sharing a communal gardening space and peers can socialize while planting a
school-sponsored garden. At the distribution level, city residents can connect
with food producers at food stands and farmers' markets. Post-consumption,
consumers - including families, neighborhoods, and businesses - can tend compost
heaps comprised of leftover produce and donate this to agricultural ventures,
which forges another connection between consumers and producers. At their best,
urban food systems reflect and foster community values, "including cooperation,
volunteering, appreciation for diversity and ecological awareness." n99

   Although "community building" is a common refrain among urban agriculture
advocates, the private benefits of farming are often overlooked. n100 Humans
have foraged or tilled the land for millennia, but as communities have become
more urbanized, humans have become more disconnected from the land that
generates their food. n101 There are substantial emotional benefits from farming
that are difficult to quantify. n102 That is to say, urban agriculture provides
benefits more fundamental than income or nutrition. n103 Gardens can provide
respite from chaotic city life,  [*292]  allowing for personal reflection or
simply a quiet moment. n104 More romantic assessments deem cultivation, food
preparation, and hospitality to be "our profoundest calling," which offers
fulfillment and happiness. n105

   Because the substantial worth of developing human relationships and
reconnecting with the land is hard to value, the more easily monetized benefits
of urban agriculture - property values, employment, health, and education -
often take precedence in policy discussions. n106 Regardless, communal and
personal wellbeing are genuine, if intangible, benefits of urban agriculture and
should be part of a holistic dialogue concerning governmental support of urban
agriculture. n107

   D. Increasing Consumer Control Within the American Food System

 Finally, the process of creating urban agriculture systems can increase
consumer control within the American food system. Federal law currently dictates
the character of America's food system n108 and, having chosen industrialized
agriculture, n109 uniformly imposes this system on all communities without
regard for their varying cultural norms, challenges, and aspirations. While
there is a role for federal government in food policymaking, n110 the present
model minimizes food democracy - consumer  [*293]  power in the food marketplace
- and stifles community voices. n111 By contrast, urban agriculture systems
require significant local decision-making because their development implicates
land use, public health, and community development, which are traditionally
within the States' domain. n112 Furthermore, urban agriculture is typically a
grassroots movement stemming from "lack of trust, resentment, and persistent
inequality" in cities with widespread food insecurity and poverty. n113
Promoting urban agriculture and food democracy, therefore, requires a more
equitable relationship between the federal, state, and local governments.

   In a more equitable federal-state relationship, the federal government would
facilitate urban agriculture by providing funds, expertise, and flexible
programs in which communities could choose to participate. n114 States and
localities could then use these federal resources to develop personalized food
systems, which could serve as examples for other communities. n115 Although
viewing states as laboratories for innovation has become axiomatic, n116 this
model functions somewhat differently in the urban agriculture context. Urban
agriculture, by its nature, operates at the local level. So in this
circumstance, states act as laboratories that develop models of local food
systems rather than small-scale versions of nationally  [*294]  applicable
programs.

   Because industrialized agriculture is firmly entrenched in American society,
establishing local food systems, or even "the simple act of planting a garden,"
can be seen as subversive. n117 Engaging in urban agriculture therefore
represents the essence of "dissenting by deciding." n118 This is a species of
"uncooperative federalism," in which states or local governments refuse to
enforce federal policies of which they disapprove. n119 Communities dissent by
deciding when they "express disagreement ... by offering a real-life
instantiation of their views." n120 By demonstrating structures and successes of
local food systems, communities may assuage concerns that federal policymakers
have about backing policies that support urban agriculture and, more important,
funding these policies. n121

   Furthermore, engaging in urban agriculture - a manifestation of dissent by
deciding - promotes democracy in our food system. By rezoning urban areas for
agriculture or requiring the incorporation of more local produce into school
lunch programs, local and state governments - and the citizens they represent -
are collectively demanding alternatives in the American food system. This demand
is amplified when communities nationwide adopt similar policies, which may cause
federal policymakers to take note. In this way, urban agriculture is a means to
secure a more equitable federal-state relationship and attain food democracy,
which confirms



   "[the] rights [of] consumers to have more satisfying food choices and
alternatives in the market; the rights of farmers, chefs and marketers to
produce and market foods reflecting their diversity and creative potential; and
our nation's ability to have a food system that promotes good health,
confidence, understanding, and enjoyment as well as economic opportunity." n122

  [*295]

   II. Evolution of the Farm Bill and its Implications for Promoting Urban
Agriculture

 Since 1933, the federal government has shaped America's food system through
omnibus agricultural legislation known as the Farm Bill. This Part examines the
Farm Bill's evolution over the past 80 years, charting its progress from an
emergency provision to one of the largest pieces of federal legislation. This
Part then considers the challenges of promoting urban agriculture through a bill
that assumes a rural and industrialized agricultural system.

   A. History of the Farm Bill

 Ironically, the first federal food subsidies were emergency provisions
"designed to save small farming in America" from ruin due to a crop surplus that
resulted in rock-bottom prices. n123 Far from achieving this goal, the Farm Bill
has expanded to include fifteen Titles n124 and heavily favors large farming
operations. n125 As concerns over industrialized agriculture have mounted,
Congress has returned some attention to smaller operations. Yet, provisions that
promote urban agriculture operations remain largely absent from current
legislation.

   1. Original Intent. When President Roosevelt signed the first Agricultural
Adjustment Act (AAA) in 1933 as part of his New Deal, he created the legal
framework that continues to shape America's food system. n126 This original Farm
Bill was a response to an "acute economic emergency" n127 during the Great
Depression, caused by huge crop surpluses that depressed market prices and
threatened the livelihood of rural communities across America. n128 Framing this
agricultural crisis as an "economic emergency" strongly influenced subsequent
Farm Bills; even  [*296]  today, "government policy views food foremost as an
economic issue" rather than a nutritional or social justice issue. n129

   Although part of the 1933 Farm Bill was declared unconstitutional in 1936,
n130 the 1938 revision retained the core provisions. Because the public
perceived these policies as successful, there was broad public support for their
renewal. n131 In this way, a piece of emergency legislation became the
cornerstone of American agricultural policy. Congress reauthorizes the Farm Bill
every five to seven years, revising or adding to the original provisions. If
Congress allows the Farm Bill to expire, the law reverts back to the permanent
provisions of the 1938 and 1949 Farm Bills. n132 Therefore, understanding these
provisions is essential to understanding the current legislation.

   The original Farm Bill and amendments throughout the 1930s established two
core policies: providing aid to farmers and providing nutrition assistance.
First, the government aided farmers by stabilizing commodity prices through
supply control mechanisms. For example, the government could purchase surplus
crops when the price of an enumerated commodity threatened to dip too low, n133
and sell those crops when they were less abundant. n134 In addition, the
government could pay farmers to leave fields fallow. n135 These early programs
were also intended to protect small farmers from price manipulation by large
distributors, who could theoretically store non-perishable commodities long-term
and control commodity prices by strategically restricting and flooding the
market with  [*297]  goods. n136

   Second, the USDA provided nutrition assistance by purchasing and
redistributing surplus food to low-income populations. n137 These programs were
initially driven by economic considerations, and improved nutrition was a
positive side effect. n138 During World War II, however, Congress perceived
widespread malnutrition among Americans as a "threat to national security." n139
To address this problem, Congress established an experimental food stamp program
in 1939 n140 and passed the National School Lunch Act in 1946, which provided
for distribution of surplus food to public schools and remains one of the
largest public food assistance programs. n141

   The relationship between the two original Farm Bill policies - farming
supports and nutrition assistance - remains the central tension in Farm Bill. In
the Farm Bill's early days, farmers largely embraced price supports but many
vehemently opposed nutrition programs, viewing them as "shameful charity and a
threat to free markets ... ." n142 This conflict persists, with a largely rural
lobby advocating for increased subsidies and a largely urban lobby pressing for
more nutrition assistance. n143 Although nutrition assistance programs have
greatly expanded, economic considerations still dominate, as they did in 1933.
n144 Consequently, Farm Bill nutrition programs remain subordinate to farming
supports, which is most evident during the appropriations process. n145

   2. "Get Big or Get Out." n146 During the 1970s, there was a tectonic shift in
agricultural policy. Rather than assist small farmers through supply controls,
the Farm Bill awarded subsidies to operations that maximized  [*298]  yields.
n147 Earl Butz, Secretary of Agriculture from 1971 to 1976, is often cited as
the architect of this "free-market" policy. n148 Famously, Butz urged farmers to
plant "fencerow to fencerow" and advised smaller operations to "adapt or die."
n149 Some operations did adapt by taking out huge loans for land and modern
machinery. n150 Many farmers initially profited because a global food crisis
provided an international market for surplus crops, and drought led to higher
domestic prices. n151 However, crop prices crashed in the 1980s and "tens of
thousands" of small farms collapsed with them. n152

   Surviving farms planted even more crops to compensate for low market prices,
and the largest operations thrived because they "were essentially writing the
Farm Bills for their own benefit." n153 For example, large agribusiness created
a market for surplus corn by successfully lobbying for ceiling quotas on
foreign-produced sugar, which made high-fructose corn syrup a cheaper sweetening
option. n154 This gluttony peaked with the 1996 and 2002 Farm Bills. n155 While
the 1996 Farm Bill was intended to reform the subsidy system, it eliminated
remaining supply control provisions and led to market saturation and rock-bottom
crop prices. n156 The government responded with billions of dollars in emergency
bailouts, made permanent in the 2002 Farm Bill, n157 which overwhelmingly helped
"an elite group of mega-farms," processors, and distributors. n158

   To support struggling rural communities, every Farm Bill after 1973  [*299]
includes a Rural Development Title. n159 This Title provides funds for rural
infrastructure - like housing and utilities - and business and community
development. n160 Although most farms in the United States are small or
mid-sized, n161 "nearly 90% of total farm household income comes from off-farm
sources" and farming represents less than eight percent of rural employment.
n162 Recognizing this shift, recent farm bills promote smaller operations
through programs like loans for "microentrepreneurs" and "locally or regionally
produced food products." n163 Congress, however, is struggling to define the
scope of these programs as the physical and cultural boundaries blur between "
rural" and "urban" areas. n164

   3. The Rise of a Food Bill. The Farm Bill is more aptly labeled a "Food
Bill," because it proposes to balance profitable food production with nutrition
assistance. n165 Nutrition assistance has been a Farm Bill policy since the
1930s, but it became firmly entrenched with the passage of the Food Stamp Act of
1977. n166 Food stamps - renamed Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program
benefits (SNAP) in 2008 -  n167 provide low-income households with additional
resources to purchase food. SNAP has become the primary nutrition assistance
program and accounts for the majority of Farm Bill spending. n168 But unlike
farm subsidies, which increase independent of market demand, SNAP funding and
participation closely follow the "cycles of economic prosperity and recession in
[*300]  America." n169 Other key Farm Bill nutrition programs provide emergency
food assistance - such as canned foods for food banks -  n170 and additional
financial support to women, infants, and children (WIC). n171

   While these programs have improved food access, they have not necessarily
improved nutrition. SNAP, for example, does not impose dietary requirements.
n172 Furthermore, healthy foods - such as "lean meats, fruits and vegetables,
and whole grains" - are far more expensive than highly processed options and
generally less available in low-income communities. n173 These factors, among
others, cause food assistance beneficiaries to consume less healthy food. n174
This complex problem led nutrition advocates and local food advocates to join
forces in lobbying for policies that encourage healthy eating habits and local
food production. n175

   Due to fierce lobbying and a deep national recession, n176 the 2008 Farm Bill
marked a return to aid for small farmers, increased nutrition assistance, and
enlarged programs supporting local food systems. For example, this Farm Bill
bolstered programs that increase the competitiveness of rural farms, such as
grants for adding value to products through marketing or processing. n177 In
addition, nutrition assistance programs included grants for schools to
incorporate local produce into meals n178 and increased funding for programs
allowing SNAP and WIC participants to use their benefits at farmers' markets.
n179 The 2008 Farm Bill also provided the first substantial funding for grant
programs that encourage local food systems and growing specialty crops, like
fruit, vegetables and nuts. n180

   In 2009, the USDA united the efforts to promote community economic
development, healthy eating, and local agriculture through the Know Your Farmer
Know Your Food (KYF2) initiative. n181 This initiative  [*301]  aims to connect
disparate groups that are working to "strengthen[] local and regional food
systems." n182 While the existence of KYF2 may signify the federal government's
willingness to expand programs that support local food systems, both rural and
urban, KYF2 has no dedicated budget. n183 This indicates that supporting local
food systems - and urban agriculture, by extension - is still a low Farm Bill
priority.

   B. Challenges for Promoting Urban Agriculture Within the Current Farm Bill's
Scheme

 Given Congress's demonstrated flexibility to revise the Farm Bill to meet
current agricultural challenges, the Farm Bill is an ideal vehicle for supplying
federal resources to urban agriculture projects. Certainly, rural agriculture
was the dominant paradigm when the original Farm Bill was passed. Even now,
there is debate over "whether urban agriculture is a "legitimate' issue for
[the] USDA to embrace." n184 However, even Thomas Jefferson, as he espoused the
virtues of the yeoman farmer, "knew that the structure of society would
eventually change. But, he hoped that ... new traditions would emerge to serve
the public good." n185

   Today, the vast majority of Americans live and work in cities. n186
Urbanization and the subsequent depopulation of old industrial cities have
introduced novel social problems and innovations, as discussed in Part I. As a
result, urban agriculture has become prominent and the Farm Bill should evolve
to reflect this shift. Moreover, the Farm Bill is a suitable means for promoting
urban food systems because the goals of urban agriculture align with the Farm
Bill's dual objectives of aiding farmers and providing nutrition assistance.
n187 Nevertheless, urban agriculture advocates face steep challenges to
realizing the Farm Bill's potential, chief among them being (1) the Farm Bill's
overwhelming rural bias and (2) a well-established political machine favoring
large agribusiness.

   1. Rural-orientation. Farm Bill programs primarily apply to rural agriculture
and rural community development. For example, the Farm Bill  [*302]  dedicates
an entire Title to rural development, rather than urban or general development.
Notably, the Rural Development Title contains many programs that aid small or
disadvantaged farmers and explicitly excludes urban areas. n188 Furthermore,
many lending programs - including grants for community facilities and businesses
- are contained in the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act. n189 Some
resources are available for non-rural areas, but only if rural residents are the
primary beneficiaries. n190

   In recent years, Congress has added more Farm Bill programs that can benefit
urban agriculture. This is not because Congress explicitly included urban areas;
rather, these programs do not explicitly exclude urban areas. Particularly
helpful programs include the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, n191 the
Farmers' Market Promotion Program, n192 and Assistance for Community Food
Projects. n193 However, many programs are already "oversubscribed," likely due
to low funding and stiff competition with rural areas. n194 Furthermore, many
urban farmers may be unaware of these resources or uncertain if they are
eligible because applicable provisions are scattered throughout the Farm Bill
n195 and the Bill does not define "urban." A future Farm Bill could increase
support for urban agriculture by expanding currently applicable programs,
uniting applicable programs under one Title, and clearly defining eligibility.

   2. The Politics of Food. Politics is perhaps the largest hurdle to promoting
urban agriculture through the Farm Bill. Since the 1930s, the farm and nutrition
lobbies have become progressively polarized and powerful. n196 Nutrition
advocates tend to demonize farm subsidies while the agribusiness lobby attacks
nutrition assistance as unjustifiable handouts. Although both groups have
secured hefty Farm Bill programs for their  [*303]  constituents, the interests
of smaller farming operations have been largely ignored. n197 In 2008, small
operations received more Farm Bill aid because hard economic times caused the
interests of the nutrition and local food lobbies to align. n198 It remains to
be seen if the movement to promote small farms and local food systems will
continue under different circumstances. Moreover, amending the Farm Bill to
accommodate urban agriculture may meet greater resistance because it defies the
Farm Bill's rural paradigm and falls outside the traditional mission of both
main lobbying groups.

   Even if Congress approves programs that support urban agriculture, the next
challenge is obtaining funding. There are two phases in creating a new Farm
Bill: Congress first votes to reauthorize existing provisions dating back to the
1930s and to approve proposed legislation, and then allocates funds. n199
Congress grants programs either discretionary or mandatory funding. Then, the
House and Senate Agricultural Appropriations Subcommittees have broad authority
to determine funding priorities. Programs with discretionary funding undergo an
annual appropriations process, while programs with mandatory funding should
receive set funds for the term of the legislation. However, the appropriations
subcommittees may reduce mandatory funding if Congress requires budget cuts to
avert a deficit. n200 In determining which programs to reduce, social safety
nets like WIC benefits are usually among the first programs to be cut while
funding for commodity price supports are maintained or increased. n201
Therefore, urban agriculture advocates must persuade both Congress and the
members of the appropriations subcommittees that strengthening urban food
systems is a national priority.

   III. Envisioning a Farm Bill that Promotes Urban Agriculture

 The movement to promote alternative food systems within the Farm Bill is
gaining steam. Since 1996, every version of the Farm Bill has included more
programs that support local food systems and strengthened those that came
before. During the 2012 Farm Bill discussions, Congress introduced more than a
dozen bills to expand local food programs, n202 some  [*304]  of which
specifically addressed urban agriculture. n203 Furthermore, Senate hearings
concerning local food initiatives attracted witnesses from prominent groups in
rust belt cities who expressly requested funding to promote urban food systems.
n204 To capitalize on this momentum, this Part highlights three existing Farm
Bill programs that promote urban agriculture and suggests improvements. Then,
this Part proposes that Congress create a new Title dedicated to fostering urban
agriculture and, as an essential step toward this goal, assesses definitions for
key terms that impact eligibility for future urban agriculture programs.

   A. Expanding Existing Programs that Promote Urban Agriculture

 Although few local food programs apply to urban contexts - and those that do
receive minimal funding - urban communities nationwide are tapping these
resources to address problems hindering the development of urban agriculture.
Core problems include high operation costs, lack of technical and business
training, and enabling low-income residents to afford locally grown produce.
n205 Three existing programs that allow communities to devise customized
solutions are the Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, the Farmers' Market
Promotion Program, and the Community Food Projects Competitive Grants Program.

   1. Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (SCBGP). The SCBGP is intended to
"ensure an abundant and affordable supply" n206 of nutritious fruits,
vegetables, nuts, and flowers. n207 Upon application, the USDA gives specialty
crop block grants directly to States, which in turn distribute competitive
grants to qualifying projects in the State. n208 To qualify, projects  [*305]
must increase the competitiveness of specialty crops through marketing,
research, business planning, or farmer training efforts. n209 The USDA expressly
states that "developing regional and local food systems, and improving food
access in underserviced communities" increase the competitiveness of specialty
crops. n210 Therefore, urban agriculture projects are implicitly eligible for
this program.

   The SCBGP is a vital source of federal support for urban food systems because
it receives more funding than most local food programs, with $ 55 million
annually from 2009 to 2012. n211 Moreover, the SCBGP shares a central goal with
urban agriculture: providing affordable, nutritious foods to "all Americans."
n212 This program is also well suited to the urban agriculture context because
States distribute SCBGP funds, and States are more sensitive to local needs than
the federal government. n213

   In future Farm Bills, Congress should maintain or increase funding for the
SCBGP and redefine the types of projects that qualify for funding. These reforms
are necessary to meet the high demand for SCBGP funds. For example, in 2009
California received $ 65 million in SCBGP applications, four times more than the
State's allotted funds. n214 Furthermore, marketing and research projects have
received most SCBGP funds since the 2008 Farm Bill adopted the program, n215 but
the Farm Bill contains other programs that support those endeavors. n216 The
SCBGP could maximize the impact of its limited funds by focusing on production
and training projects, and extending eligibility to equipment and infrastructure
purchases. This would be a meaningful extension because most Farm Bill  [*306]
infrastructure grants apply only in rural areas. n217

   2. Farmers' Market Promotion Program (FMPP). The FMPP is a competitive grant
program designed "to increase domestic consumption of agricultural commodities
by improving and expanding" direct-to-consumer marketing. n218
Direct-to-consumer marketing includes farmers' markets, roadside stands, and
community-supported agriculture programs. n219 FMPP grants are available to
entities - such as local governments, nonprofit organizations, and agricultural
cooperatives n220 - that support direct-to-consumer marketing through projects
like research, business planning, equipment purchases, or training. n221
However, like SCBGs, FMPP funds cannot be used to buy, build, or improve
buildings. n222

   As funding for the FMPP grows - from $ 3 million in 2008 to $ 10 million in
2011 -  n223 this program is increasing important for urban food systems. FMPP
grants are available for a wide-array of food projects, which encourages
innovation and allows organizations to design programs that suit their
community's needs. The Food Trust in Philadelphia, for example, used FMPP
funding "to develop a new model to process wireless SNAP sales at famers'
markets," n224 which increased access to nutritious food for low-income
community members. In addition, Eastern Market in Detroit, a large farmers'
market and aspiring food hub, used an FMPP grant to create a community network
that connects smaller local producers with a larger customer base. n225 To
encourage these innovative projects, Congress should increase FMPP funding and
expand eligibility to include direct marketing to larger institutions like
schools, grocery stores, and restaurants. This would allow communities to
develop comprehensive food systems and would advance the FMPP's goal of
expanding direct marketing "on an economically sustainable basis." n226

   3. Community Food Projects Competitive Grants Program (CFPCGP). The CFPCGP
awards one-time competitive grants to private,  [*307]  nonprofit entities for
community food projects designed to "meet the food needs of low-income people"
and "promote comprehensive responses to local food, farm, and nutrition issues."
n227 The USDA clarified that "urban gardening" may be part of a comprehensive
response, n228 making this a rare Farm Bill program that explicitly applies to
urban agriculture. n229 This program also encourages creative local food
programs, provided that the solution responds to "community identified food
needs." n230 For example, a Philadelphia nonprofit created a "buying club,"
which presented low-income residents with a list of affordable, locally produced
foods that they could pre-order. n231 In addition, grantees may use funds to
purchase or improve land and buildings as well as provide job training, n232 all
of which represent core obstacles to expanding urban food systems. n233

   However, the CFPCGP's funding restrictions and eligibility requirements limit
this program's impact. Since 2009, the CFPCGP has received only $ 5 million in
annual funding. n234 There is great demand for these funds, with only eighteen
percent of applicants receiving grants since the program's inception in 1996.
n235 Furthermore, CFPCGP applicants must provide matching funds up front. n236
For new nonprofits or impoverished communities, generating matching funds can be
a significant barrier to benefiting from the CFPCGP.

   To strengthen this program, Congress should increase funding and eliminate
the matching fund requirement. Nutrition programs received  [*308]
approximately $ 209 billion in the 2008 Farm Bill; n237 because the CFPCGP is a
nutrition program, n238 Congress could allocate a minute fraction of nutrition
funding to bolster this program. Then, the matching fund requirement would
become unnecessary. While this requirement may be intended to ensure that an
applicant is committed to a project, the CFPCGP provides other requirements that
attract dedicated applicants. For instance, grant recipients must have
experience either in community food work or job training and business
development in low-income areas. n239

   B. Toward a Title for Urban Agriculture: Defining Key Terms

 While expanding existing programs is useful in the short term, Congress should
ultimately develop a Farm Bill framework tailored for the urban context. n240
Just as the Farm Bill includes a Title with resources dedicated for rural
development, modern legislation should include a Title that promotes urban
agriculture. Gathering resources in one Title would allow urban agriculture
groups to locate Farm Bill resources more easily, and a new Title would allow
Congress to design programs to meet challenges specific to urban agriculture.
The first step toward creating such a Title, however, is defining the parameters
of urban agriculture. Many key concepts are undefined or inconsistently defined
in the Farm Bill, disputed in academic literature, or evolving as American
demographics shift. Chief among these are "farm," "urban," and "local." In
addition, Congress must define funding priorities to maximize the impact of
increasingly limited resources. n241

    [*309]  1. Defining "Farm." As a threshold matter, designing Farm Bill
programs that support urban agriculture requires considering what constitutes a
"farm." The definition of "farm" can influence the distribution of federal
agriculture funds n242 and has rhetorical influence over the types of operations
viewed as legitimate. Moreover, this definition is malleable, having changed
nine times since 1850. n243 Currently, the USDA defines a farm as "any place
from which $ 1,000 or more of agricultural products were produced and sold, or
normally would have been sold, during the year." n244 The USDA also classifies
farms based on the value of sales and character. Almost 90 percent of American
farms are "small," n245 with gross sales under $ 250,000. n246 Over one-third of
all farms are further classified as "residential/lifestyle farms," n247 so
designated because farming is not the operator's primary occupation. n248 Many
urban agriculture operations qualify as residential/lifestyle farms because
urban agriculture typically occurs on a small scale and is not the primary
occupation for most urban farmers.

   This classification scheme undermines the success of urban agriculture by
suggesting that farms that aim to improve quality of life - rather than maximize
sales - are less legitimate than large, industrialized operations. n249 This
institutional bias against small-scale agriculture is apparent in legislative
proposals that narrow the definition of "farm" by increasing the annual sales
requirement and requiring that operators receive most of their income from
agricultural activities. n250 This revised definition could prevent urban
farmers - particularly beginning and disadvantaged farmers - from receiving
federal farming assistance. n251 One reason for this  [*310]  is that "urban
food production [often] occurs within informal settings, with little or no
monetary exchange, which ... makes it difficult to track and report." n252

   If legislators value urban agriculture beyond potential profits and wish to
support these efforts with federal funds, they must either protect the current
definition of "farm" or carve out exceptions for the urban context. In addition,
legislators should consider reclassifying these operations to reflect their
mission - "supplemental nutrition" farm, for instance. This designation would
stress the social utility of small farms, making it harder to dismiss them as
"hobby enterprises." n253

   2. Defining "Urban." Perhaps the central challenge in developing urban
agriculture programs is determining what qualifies as "urban," as opposed to "
rural." This distinction is crucial because most Farm Bill programs that support
small-scale agriculture are dedicated to rural areas and exclude urban areas.
n254 Common dictionary definitions do not clarify the rural-urban distinction,
but avoid the question altogether by defining one area as the opposite of the
other. n255 A more illuminating approach is to examine how the Farm Bill defines
"rural."

   Farm Bill programs define "rural" as "any area other than ... any urbanized
area," which reflects the United States Census Bureau definition of "rural" as
any area "not included within an urban area." n256 The Census Bureau defines
"urban area" as a "densely settled core of census tracts," and includes adjacent
areas "with low population density [that] link outlying settled territory with
the densely settled core." n257 The Census Bureau then distinguishes between
"urbanized areas," which contain at  [*311]  least 50,000 residents, and "urban
clusters," which contain between 2,500 and 50,000 residents. n258 The Farm Bill
adopts the general 50,000 resident maximum for rural areas, but does not use the
"urban cluster" designation. n259 Instead, the Farm Bill contains a variety of
criteria to distinguish rural and urban areas, including population size,
housing density, and proximity to an urbanized area. n260

   These criteria, however, are becoming less useful as the line between
traditionally "rural" and "urban" blurs, with many communities demonstrating
both rural and urban characteristics. n261 For instance, the proximity
distinction may be of limited use because, "with the exception of the Midwest,
all agriculture is now considered to be urban or urban-influenced, meaning that
it occurs in or near urban metropolitan counties." n262 Moreover, Congress is
plainly struggling to determine what it is to be "rural." Not only did Congress
request a report evaluating possible definitions for "rural," n263 but the
Secretary of Agriculture also has discretion to classify an area as "urban,"
even if it technically qualifies as rural based on population and housing
density, n264 and vice versa. n265 These uncertainties encourage the conclusion
that, within the Farm Bill, "rural in character" n266 is a "subjective state of
mind" rather than a formal designation. n267

   Distinguishing between rural and urban areas is an ongoing challenge. It is
important to recognize that Farm Bill programs intended to promote urban
agriculture cannot adequately define "urban" simply in terms of not being rural.
Similarly, urban agriculture programs cannot fully adopt the Census Bureau's
definition; otherwise, the "urban cluster" designation would allow areas with
2,500 to 50,000 residents to qualify as both rural  [*312]  and urban for Farm
Bill purposes. However the legislature resolves this problem, two trends are
clear: the vast majority of Americans live in urban areas, per the Census Bureau
definition, n268 and many rural areas are becoming urbanized. Consequently,
future urban agriculture programs may be overwhelmed with demand and legislators
must narrow program eligibility to maximize limited resources.

   3. Defining "Local." Urban agriculture currently finds support in Farm Bill
programs that promote local food systems. n269 Because urban agriculture is
community-based, it is inherently a local endeavor. Defining "local," therefore,
may help determine what qualifies as "urban" in the Farm Bill context.
Unfortunately, there is no academic consensus on the definition of "local." n270
But there are many approaches to determining what qualifies as local, such as
defining a radius from the food's origin, using a state's political boundaries,
n271 or using a "foodshed" approach, which allows social relationships to
dictate what is local. n272

   The Farm Bill currently employs arbitrary distinctions to define local: "less
than 400 miles from the origin of the product; or ... the State in which the
product is produced." n273 While these firm guidelines provide certainty, they
were developed for low-density rural communities and may be overbroad in the
urban context. Conversely, a very strict definition may hamper urban food
systems because distributors or producers may be hundreds of miles away, in
another state, or in another country. For example, Detroit's Eastern Market
attracts vendors from both Ohio and Canada. n274 By imposing arbitrary
boundaries, the Farm Bill may restructure these relationships and thus undermine
a central tenet of urban agriculture: community decision-making. n275

   Of the various definitions of local, the foodshed approach aligns best with
the goals of urban agriculture. Generally, foodsheds "describe the flow of food
from producer to consumer" and represent a "geographic area  [*313]  that
supplies" food to a community. n276 Legislators could define a foodshed as both
a flexible radius around a city and a network of community relationships, or
"common food and agricultural interests [connected] through commerce." n277 This
definition allows communities to create complex urban food systems with some
geographic limits. n278 Although this adaptable definition of "local" creates
some uncertainty, the benefits of allowing an urban community to determine the
shape of its food system may outweigh any detrimental effects of this ambiguity.
n279 Moreover, the community relationship requirement may prevent national food
corporations from capitalizing on the popularity of the local label, which is a
common concern.  n280

   4. Prioritizing Low-Income and Food Insecure Areas. To maximize the impact of
urban agriculture program funding, legislators should target communities that
could gain the most from urban agriculture. Although urban agriculture provides
many benefits, like personal fulfillment, a core goal of the urban agriculture
movement is promoting social equality through improved food access and job
creation. n281 Therefore, future Farm Bill programs that support urban
agriculture should meet the needs of underserved groups first.

   This prioritization is also consistent with many existing Farm Bill programs,
including SNAP. n282 Helpfully, SNAP provides characteristics of an "underserved
community" that align with the goals of urban agriculture. n283 These
characteristics include (1) "limited access to affordable, healthy foods," (2)
high rates of disease-related illnesses, (3) high rates of food insecurity, and
(4) "persistent poverty." n284 Legislators should consider adopting these
criteria or using them as guidelines. In particular, "limited access to food" is
more accurate, and less pejorative,  [*314]  terminology than "food desert."
While "food desert" is a term of art, n285 it has adverse rhetorical value. The
label "food desert" may demoralize city residents and erroneously suggest to
outsiders that a city is barren. For example, parts of Detroit face serious food
access problems - both spatial and monetary - but the city also houses over one
hundred grocery stores and dozens of specialty stores, in addition to urban
agriculture efforts. n286 Like the term "lifestyle/residential" farm, "food
desert" does not accurately represent the complexity of urban food systems.

   Conclusion

 The rise of urban agriculture in the United States signifies a collective
demand for more choice in the food we eat and more influence in shaping our food
system. For rust belt cities like Detroit, urban agriculture is also a tool for
developing a fruitful economy based on community needs. While the Farm Bill was
not created to promote urban agriculture, it was similarly not intended to
promote industrialized agriculture or, for that matter, to exist beyond
assisting small farmers during the Great Depression. The Farm Bill has grown
into the premier United States agricultural legislation because it evolves to
meet America's food needs.

   This Note presents a scheme for promoting urban agriculture through the Farm
Bill. In the short-term, Congress should expand existing Farm Bill programs that
promote urban agriculture. But to maximize support for urban agriculture,
Congress should create a Title that is dedicated to this cause. Before taking
this step, however, Congress must define key terms so that urban agriculture can
integrate into the Farm Bill. Although ambiguities are inherent in the terms
"farm", "urban", and "local", this Note demonstrates that more precise
definitions are possible. Defining these terms is a fundamental step toward
creating federal urban agriculture legislation. The next steps are crafting
programs that are flexible enough to meet community needs and determining how
much federal support these programs require. To assist legislators in this task,
future research should quantify the economic and non-economic costs and benefits
of urban agriculture at different scales and in different locations, as well as
the structure, distribution, and viability of current funding sources. The urban
agriculture movement is surviving on a shoestring budget, and Farm Bill
resources may allow it to thrive.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProcessing, Storage &
DistributionGovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProduct PromotionGovernmentsAgriculture
& FoodProduct Quality

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Susan Saulny, Seeking a Future for a Symbol of a Grander Past, N.Y. Times,
Mar. 6, 2010, at A1.





n2.  Josh Beniston & Rattan Lal, Improving Soil Quality for Urban Agriculture in
the North Central U.S., in Carbon Sequestration in Urban Ecosystems 281 tbl.15.1
(Rattan Lal & Bruce Augustin eds., 2012) (estimating that Detroit contained over
60,000 vacant parcels in 2011).





n3.  Kami Pothukuchi, Detroit Food Policy Council, The Detroit Food System
Report 2009-2010 5-6 (2011) (reporting 28 percent unemployment in 2009 and adult
obesity rates nearing 40 percent).





n4.  Detroit's population peaked in 1950, with about 1.85 million residents.
Population of the 100 Largest Urban Places: 1950, U.S. Census Bureau (June 15,
1998), http://www.census.gov/population/www/documentation/twps0027/tab18.txt. In
2012, the U.S. Census Bureau estimated Detroit's population as 701,475. State
and County QuickFacts: Detroit (city), Michigan, U.S. Census Bureau,
http://quickfacts.census.gov/qfd/states/26/2622000.html (last updated Dec. 17,
2013).





n5. " [A] local food system is the network of entities that encompasses
everything about the production and consumption of food, including farms,
distributors, [and] retail stores ... ." New Haven Food Policy Council, A Primer
on Federal, State and Local Policies that Impact School Food 24 (2008).





n6.  For the purposes of this Note, "urban agriculture" encompasses commercial
agriculture, backyard gardens, and community gardens while "urban food system"
is a broader term signifying a network of producers, distributors, and
processors.





n7.  See Patrick Crouch, Taking Root: Just in Time for Growing Season, We Begin
Series on Urban Farming in the D, Model D (Apr. 26, 2011),
http://www.modeldmedia.com/features/ takingroot411.aspx (listing Detroit local
food initiatives and describing their growth).





n8.  Pothukuchi, supra note 3, at 9.





n9.  Ed Deeb, Market History, Detroit Eastern Market,
http://www.detroiteasternmarket.com/page.php?p=1&s=58 (last visited Nov. 22,
2013).





n10.  See Detroit Eastern Market Full Business Directory, Detroit Eastern
Market, http://www.detroiteasternmarket.com/directory.php?a (last visited Nov.
22, 2013) (listing nearly 100 nearby businesses).





n11.  Beniston & Lal, supra note 2, at 283.





n12.  Steve Martinez et al., U.S. Dep't of Agric., Econ. Res. Serv. Report No.
97, Local Food Systems: Concepts, Impacts, and Issues, at iii (2010).





n13.  See Daniel Imhoff, Food Fight: The Citizen's Guide to the Next Food and
Farm Bill 177 (2012) (describing the local food movement as a "cultural
phenomenon").





n14.  See, e.g., Richard C. Longworth, Forget Urban Farms. We Need a Wal-Mart.
Wal-Marts in Cities Mean Better Food, Good (Jan. 7, 2011, 11:30 AM),
http://www.good.is/posts/forget-urban-farms-we-need-a-wal-mart/ (criticizing
urban farming as a "symptom of civic catastrophe" that "can't possibly meet
global demand"). For a definition and discussion of food insecurity, see infra
text accompanying notes 78-80.





n15.  Jac Smit, Joe Nasr & Annu Ratta, Urban Agriculture Yesterday and Today, in
Urban Agriculture: Food, Jobs and Sustainable Cities 5 (The Urban Agriculture
Network, Inc. 2001) ("In all parts of the world, ancient civilization developed
urban agriculture systems, devising many innovative ways to produce food and
manage land, water, and other resources efficiently.").





n16.  Id. at 9. For example, urban agriculture improves food security in the
Gaza Strip, where the residents face "high population density," "severe water
shortages," and "significant economic difficulties." Id. at 12-13.





n17.  See Joseph Schilling & Jonathan Logan, Greening the Rust Belt: A Green
Infrastructure Model for Right Sizing America's Shrinking Cities, 74 J. Am.
Planning Ass'n 451, 452 (2008).





n18.  Id.





n19.  See, e.g., Beniston & Lal, supra note 2, at 284 ("[Urban agriculture],
while far from being a complete solution to [food insecurity], may at least
offer urban populations a reliable, affordable food source and an increased
access to nutrient rich foods."). But see Matthew Dolan, New Detroit Farm Plan
Taking Root, Wall St. J. (July 6, 2012),
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052702304898 704577479090390757800.html
(advocating industrialized urban agriculture that can account for most, if not
all, of Detroit's food needs).





n20.  Dana May Christensen, Securing the Momentum: Could a Homestead Act Help
Sustain Detroit Urban Agriculture?, 16 Drake J. Agric. L. 241, 241-42 (2011).





n21.  See Beniston & Lal, supra note 2, at 305 (touting urban agriculture's
ability to "bring beauty, community engagement, improved ecosystem services,
increased access to nutritious foods, and modest economic benefits to city
neighborhoods").





n22.  See Doreen Mende & Philipp Oswalt, Summary, in Detroit: Studies Part 1 5
(Schrumpfende Staedte Working Paper No. III, 2004), available at
http://www.schrumpfende-staedte.de/
fileadmin/shrink/downloads/pdfs/III.1_Studies1.pdf (summarizing a number of
articles that discuss federal resources).





n23.  Sena Christian, A Growing Concern, Earth Island J.,
http://www.earthisland.org /journal/index.php/eij/article/a_growing_concern/
(last visited Nov. 22, 2013) (noting that an urban farm in Sacramento, CA
receives nearly 60 percent of its revenue from private and public grants).





n24.  Elise Hunter, Where Is The Funding in Detroit's Farm-to-Fork Movement?,
Huffington Post (July 23, 2013 4:58 p.m.),
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/student-reporter/where-is-the-funding-in-d_1_b_363
9850.html.





n25.  E.g., Urban Agriculture: Feasibility Study for Youngstown, OH, Global
Green USA 21 (2012), available at
http://www.globalgreen.org/docs/publication-189-1.012-4 ("The Ohio Department of
Agriculture (ODA) primarily supports rural food production.").





n26.  See Imhoff, supra note 13, at 16 ("[The USDA] is charged with a dual
mission: support the creation of an abundant food supply, and ensure that all
citizens receive basic nutrition. One of the primary mechanisms for this is ...
the Farm Bill.").





n27.  Id. at 24.





n28.  William S. Eubanks II, The Sustainable Farm Bill: A Proposal for Permanent
Environmental Change, 39 Envtl. L. Rep. 10493, 10509 (2009).





n29.  For example, some states and local governments allow farmers' markets to
accept Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Benefits (SNAP) and provide pathways
for schools to integrate locally grown produce into lunch programs. Martinez et
al., supra note 12, at 39 (describing urban agriculture provisions within the
2008 Farm Act).





n30.  For instance, this Note does not address resource conservation benefits or
undertake a cost-benefit analysis of these proposals.





n31.  The solutions-oriented dialogue around rust belt cities uses the term
"shrinking," which suggests "ongoing decline rather than complete abandonment."
Michelle Wilde Anderson, Dissolving Cities, 121 Yale L.J. 1364, 1431 (2012);
see, e.g., Schilling & Logan, supra note 17, at 451 (proposing adaptation
strategies for "shrinking" cities).





n32.  See, e.g., Detroit Works Project, Policy Audit: Environmental Remediation
and Health 3.3 (Dec. 16, 2010), available at
http://detroitworksproject.com/wp-content/uploads/policy_audits/101217_AECOM_1
_Policy_Audit_Remediation.pdf (identifying urban agriculture as part of its
vacancy strategy); Keith G. Tidball & Marianne Krasny, Community Greening
Scholars Talk Shop, 13 Cmty. Greening Rev. 1, 23-25 (2009) (discussing community
gardens as a positive use for vacant spaces). Urban agriculture is also being
implemented to address vacancy, poverty, and blight in particular sections of
cities that are not shrinking on the whole. See, e.g., Lori Rotenberk, Chicago's
Urban Farm District Could Be the Biggest in the Nation, Grist (Nov. 15, 2012,
8:36 AM),
http://grist.org/food/chicago-urban-ag-farm-district-could-be-the-biggest-in-the
-nation/ (highlighting Chicago's Black Belt neighborhood as an example of an
urban community using urban farming as a renewal method).





n33.  Cleveland Land Lab, Cleveland Urban Design Collaborative, Re-Imagining a
More Sustainable Cleveland 5 (2008) (adopted by the Cleveland City Planning
Commission).





n34.  Nat'l Vacant Props. Campaign, Blueprint Buffalo 3 (2006), available at
http://buffalovacancy.wikispaces.com/file/view/FINAL+Bluep
rintBuffalo+Policy+Brief.pdf.





n35.  Cleveland Land Lab, supra note 33, at 26.





n36.  In Buffalo, for example, a staggering 41.6 percent of vacant properties
were abandoned and blighted based on 2000 census data. Schilling & Logan, supra
note 17, at 452 tbl.1.





n37.  See id. (reporting sharp population decreases with corresponding high
rates of vacant property - much of which is abandoned - in former industrial
hubs, such as Buffalo, Cleveland, and Detroit).





n38.  Id. at 452.





n39.  Joseph Schilling, Buffalo as the Nation's First Living Laboratory for
Reclaiming Vacant Properties, in Cities Growing Smaller 35 (2008).





n40.  Katherine J. A. Colasanti & Michael W. Hamm, Assessing the Local Food
Supply Capacity of Detroit, Michigan, 1 J. Agric., Food Sys., & Cmty. Dev. 41,
48 (2010).





n41.  For a visual representation, compare a map indicating vacancy distribution
in Detroit, Colasanti & Hamm, supra note 40, at 48 fig.2, with a map indicating
crime distribution in Detroit, Crime Rates for Detroit, MI, Neighborhood Scout,
http://www.neighborhoodscout.com /mi/detroit/crime/ (last visited Nov. 13,
2012). See also Jeffery Fraser, The Cost of Blight, Pitt. Q. (2011), available
at http://www.pittsburghquarterly.com/index.php/Region/the-cost-of-blight.html
(discussing the connection between rampant vacancy and crime rates in
Pittsburgh, a rust belt city).





n42.  See, e.g., Detroit Works Project, Long-Term Planning: Neighborhoods 3,
available at http://detroitworksproject.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/
20120808_ElementSummary_Neighborhoods.pdf (naming safety as a high priority for
neighborhood vacancy strategies).





n43.  See Tidball & Krasny, supra note 32, at 10-11 (using a community garden on
previously vacant land to "reroute the path of drug dealers" in Baltimore).





n44.  Katherine H. Brown & Anne Carter, Cmty. Food Sec. Coal., Urban Agriculture
and Community Food Security in the United States: Farming from the City Center
to the Urban Fringe 7 (Anne Carter et al. eds., 2003).





n45.  Schilling, supra note 39, at 33-34.





n46.  Colasanti & Hamm, supra note 40, at 53; see also Beniston & Lal, supra
note 2, at 285 (citing Colasanti & Hamm's estimates with approval).





n47.  Beniston & Lal, supra note 2, at 284.





n48.  However, the food must be affordable and community members must be willing
to eat healthy foods and know how to prepare healthy meals. Both the government
and non-profits run programs to assist with these dimensions of food access.
E.g., Ctr. for the Study of the Presidency & Cong., SNAP to Health: A Fresh
Approach to Strengthening the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program 42
(2012) [hereinafter SNAP to Health]; Education & Training, Gleaners Cmty. Food
Bank, http://www.gcfb.org/site/PageServer?pagename=pg_edutraining (last visited
Dec. 31, 2012).





n49.  Brown & Carter, supra note 44, at 9. Hoop houses, also known as high
tunnels, are "simple, plastic-covered, tubular steel structures [that] rely
mainly on the sun's energy to warm the soil and air." By protecting crops from
the cold and snow, these structures can extend the growing season from one or
two seasons to four seasons. Ted Blomgren & Tracy Frisch, High Tunnels: Low-Cost
Technology to Increase Yields, Improve Quality and Extend the Season 1 (Univ. of
Vt. Ctr. for Sustainable Agric. 2007), available at
http://www.uvm.edu/<diff>susagctr/Documents/HighTunnels.pdf.





n50.  Colasanti & Hamm, supra note 40, at 51 tb1. 2. For reference, Detroit has
about 1,800 acres of vacants land. Id.





n51.  Kathryn Colasanti, Charlotte Litjens & Michael Hamm, Growing Food in the
City: The Production Potential of Detroit's Vacant Land 3 tbl.1 (2010),
available at http://www.fairfoodnetwork.org/sites/default/files/growing
_food_in_the_city.pdf.





n52.  Colasanti & Hamm, supra note 40, at 51 tb1.2.





n53.  Detroit Works Project, supra note 32, at 1.1. Most community agriculture
groups test soil for lead and other contaminants before planting. Colasanti &
Hamm, supra note 40, at 52.





n54.  Detroit Works Project, supra note 32, at 3.3. These techniques involve
elevating garden beds above the contaminated soil and using clean media, such as
soil, gravel, or compost; planting in containers with clean media; and planting
in mineral-rich water, as with hydroponics. See Bob Hochmuth, Univ. of Fla.,
Non-Traditional Gardens 4, 5, 7, 10, 12, available at
http://highlands.ifas.ufl.edu/pdfs/Non-Traditional_Gardens.pdf (last visited
Nov. 23, 2013). There are currently no federal remediation standards for urban
agriculture, but the EPA has issued interim guidelines for urban farmers and is
developing standards. EPA, Brownfields and Urban Agriculture: Interim Guidelines
for Safe Gardening Practices 16 (2011).





n55.  Allison Hagey, Solana Rice & Rebecca Flournoy, PolicyLink, Growing Urban
Agriculture: Equitable Strategies and Policies for Improving Access to Healthy
Food and Revitalizing Communities 23 (2012), available at
http://www.policylink.org/atf/cf/%7B97c6d565-bb43-406d-a6d5-eca3bbf35af0%7D/URBA
N%20AG_FULLREPORT_WEB2.PDF.





n56.  Id.





n57.  See, e.g., Overview of San Francisco's Urban Agriculture Zoning Ordinance,
S.F. Urb. Agric. Alliance,
http://www.sfuaa.org/uploads/4/8/9/3/4893022/overview_of _sf_urban_ag_zoning
_changes_final.pdf (last visited Mar. 12, 2013) (outlining the ordinance's main
provisions).





n58.  See, e.g., Hagey et al., supra note 55, at 33 (describing an urban farm in
Cleveland that projects adding "30 to 40 living-wage jobs for low-income
community members" that will include affordable benefits).





n59.  Neil D. Hamilton, Moving Toward Food Democracy: Better Food, New Farmers,
and the Myth of Feeding the World, 16 Drake J. Agric. L. 117, 130 (2011).





n60.  Hagey et al., supra note 55, at 9.





n61.  Hamilton, supra note 59, at 129.





n62.  Pothukuchi, supra note 3, at 11.





n63.  Hagey et al., supra note 55, at 18.





n64.  Healthy Food Initiatives, Local Production, and Nutrition: Hearing Before
the S. Comm. on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, 112th Cong. 3 (Mar. 7,
2012) [hereinafter Eastern Market Testimony] (statement of Dan Carmody,
President, Eastern Market Corporation), available at
http://www.ag.senate.gov/hearings/healthy-food-initiatives-local-production-and-
nutrition.





n65.  Colasanti et al., supra note 51, at 10 (reporting that some older
Detroiters were "resistant to returning to the hard labor of hand-tended
agriculture" while younger Detroiters were "more impressionable and open to new
things").





n66.  Global Green USA, supra note 25, at 26, 29. This study found, however,
that the same garden could be profitable by using hoop houses to extend the
growing season. Id.





n67.  Hagey et al., supra note 55, at 26.





n68.  Id.





n69.  Id. at 31.





n70.  James Barham, Debra Tropp, Kathleen Enterline, Jeff Farbman, John Fisk &
Stacia Kiraly, U.S. Dep't of Agric., Regional Food Hub Resource Guide 4 (2012).





n71.  White House Task Force on Childhood Obesity, Solving the Problem of
Childhood Obesity Within a Generation 4 (2010) [hereinafter White House Task
Force] (reporting a 100 percent increase in adult obesity and a 300 percent
increase in childhood obesity since 1980).





n72.  J. Amy Dillard, Sloppy Joe, Slop, Sloppy Joe: How USDA Commodities Dumping
Ruined the National School Lunch Program, 87 Or. L. Rev. 221, 236 (2008).





n73.  White House Task Force, supra note 71, at 6.





n74.  Id.





n75.  Id. at 3.





n76.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 109.





n77.  E.g., White House Task Force, supra note 71, at 7. Interestingly, two
studies suggest that "improved access to healthy foods is associated with
healthier dietary choices." Martinez et al., supra note 12, at 46.





n78.  Alisha Coleman-Jensen, Mark Nord, Margaret Andrews & Steven Carlson, U.S.
Dep't of Agric., Household Food Security in the United States in 2011 4 (2012).





n79.  Id. at 4-5 (defining very low food security as at least one household
member having to reduce his or her food intake at some point during the year for
financial reasons).





n80.  FAQs About Agricultural Trade, U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
http://www.fas.usda.gov/itp/Policy/tradeFAQ.asp (last visited Nov. 12, 2013)
(reporting that "production and production capacity is increasingly faster than
domestic demand" and "one out of three acres are planted for export"); Brown &
Carter, supra note 44, at 4 ("One of the consequences of the economic structure
of the current food system is hunger in the midst of plenty."); David Tracey,
Urban Agriculture: Ideas and Designs for the New Food Revolution 171-72 (2011)
("Hunger is not a problem of quantity: we grow enough food to feed everyone
already. We actually have a surplus. It's a problem of poverty: the poorest
can't afford it. So it's the system that's flawed.").





n81.  U.S. Dep't of Agric., Access to Affordable and Nutritious Food: Measuring
and Understanding Food Deserts and Their Consequences 1 (2009).





n82.  Hagey et al., supra note 55, at 16.





n83.  Erica Giorda, Extreme Environments: Urban Farming, Technological
Disasters, and a Framework for Rethinking Urban Gardening, in Local Food Systems
in Old Industrial Regions 61 n.4 (Neil Reid et al. eds., 2012).





n84.  Detroit Works Project, supra note 32, at 3.3.





n85.  Cleveland Land Lab, supra note 33, at 26.





n86.  See Mary Story et al., Creating Health Food and Eating Environments:
Policy and Environmental Approaches, 29 Ann. Rev. Pub. Health 253, 262-63
(2008).





n87.  Prominent federal efforts include the farmers' market nutrition programs
for seniors (SFMNP) and women, infants, and children (WIC). Martinez et al.,
supra note 12, at 36. To facilitate these programs, as of 2009, states may allow
SNAP participants to use their benefits at eligible farmers' markets. Id. at 39.





n88.  Id. at 46.





n89.  New Haven Food Policy Council, supra note 5, at 2.





n90.  Id. at 10.





n91.  Ann Cooper Talks School Lunches, TED: Ideas Worth Spreading (Sept. 2008),
http://www.ted.com/talks/ann_cooper_talks_ school_lunches.html.





n92.  See, e.g., Food Policy - Berkeley School District, Inst. for Local
Self-Reliance (Nov. 21, 2008), http://www.ilsr.org/rule/local-food/2046-2/
(using bulk discounts as one means to make local foods more affordable).





n93.  Martinez et al., supra note 12, at 46; White House Task Force, supra note
71, at 44; EPA, Brownfields and Urban Agriculture: Interim Guidelines for Safe
Gardening 1 (2011) ("Kids who garden are more likely to try and like vegetables
and eat more of them, and the combination of the social connection of gardening
with the increased access to fruits and vegetables creates a new norm in
children who continue to make healthier choices.").





n94.  E.g., White House Task Force, supra note 71, at 41 (encouraging the USDA
to "increase local, traditionally appropriate foods in Tribally-controlled
school meal programs, such as bison and salmon").





n95.  Id. at 7. People also tend to snack more while watching television or
playing computer games, so decreasing the amount of time spent on these
activities will likely decrease the amount of unnecessary snacking. Furthermore,
television increases exposure to ads for unhealthy foods, which impacts eating
habits. Id.





n96.  Id. See also Giorda, supra note 83, at 61 ("In some cases, residents
declare they are just too scared to leave the house because of criminal
activities in the neighborhood.").





n97.  Wilde Anderson, supra note 31, at 1430 (recommending green space as a
means for "reducing the social isolation" caused by the patchwork of vacant,
blighted properties). See supra text accompanying notes 35-45 for a discussion
crime, vacant lots, and green spaces.





n98.  Nancy Karanja & Mary Njenga, Feeding the Cities, in State of the World
2011: Innovations that Nourish the Planet (The Worldwatch Institute 2011).





n99.  David Tracey, supra note 80, at 173. This harkens back to an Article from
the pre-20th century Agrarian Creed: "Farming is not only a job but a way of
life." Don Paarlberg & Philip Paarlberg, The Agricultural Revolution of the 20th
Century 6 (1st ed. 2000).





n100.  Hamilton, supra note 59, at 145.





N101.  Approximately 60 percent of Americans lived in rural areas in 1900
compared with approximately 15 percent in 2012. Carolyn Dimitri, Anne Effland &
Neilson Conklin, U.S. Dep't of Agric., Bulletin No. 3, The 20th Century
Transformation of U.S. Agriculture and Farm Policy 3 (2005); see State Fact
Sheets, Econ. Research Serv., U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
http://www.ers.usda.gov/data-products/state-fact-sheets/state-data.aspx (last
updated Nov. 6, 2013).





n102.  Laurence H. Tribe, Ways Not to Think About Plastic Trees: New Foundations
for Environmental Law, 83 Yale L.J. 1315, 1317-18 (1974).





n103.  See Agrarianism in American Literature, at xiv (M. Thomas Inge ed., 1969)
("[The farmer] has a sense of identity, a sense of historical and religious
tradition, a feeling of belonging to a concrete family, place, and region, which
are psychologically and culturally beneficial.").





n104.  See White House Task Force, supra note 71, at 61 (finding city residents
with access to green space are better able to cope with stress).





n105.  Wendell Berry, In Distrust of Movements, in In the Presence of Fear:
Three Essays for a Changed World 35, 44 (2001).





n106.  See, e.g., Specialty Crop Competitiveness Act of 2004, Pub. L. No.
108-465, § 2(a)(3), 118 Stat. 3882, 3883 (2004) (emphasizing the "tremendous
health and economic benefits" of specialty crops, which include fruits,
vegetables, and flowers). But see USDA Definition of Specialty Crop, U.S. Agric.
Mktg. Serv., U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/getfile?dDocName =STELPRDC5082113 (last visited
Nov. 22, 2013) (allowing "specialty crop" designation if the crop provides,
inter alia, "aesthetic gratification").





n107.  Susan A. Schneider, A Reconsideration of Agricultural Law: A Call for the
Law of Food, Farming, and Sustainability, 34 Wm. & Mary Envtl. L. & Pol'y Forum
935, 959 (2010) (suggesting a holistic approach to farming policy that creates a
"forum for considerations of ethical issues in food").





n108.  See Margaret Sova McCabe, Reconsidering Federalism and the Farm: Toward
Including Local, State and Regional Voices in America's Food System, 6 J. Food
L. & Pol'y 151, 151 (2010) ("The relationship between our food system and
federalism ... is important simply because federal law controls the American
food system.").





n109.  See Susan A. Schneider, Food, farming, and Sustainability 17 (2011)
("Most agricultural production occurs on large commercial farms that employ an
industrialized model of production.").





n110.  See United States v. Rock Royal Co-op, Inc., 307 U.S. 533, 569 (1939)
(conceding that the federal government may regulate local food markets under the
commerce clause if necessary to protect the interstate commerce of an essential
commodity, like fresh milk); Margaret Sova McCabe, Foodshed Foundations: Law's
Role in Shaping Our Food System's Future, 22 Fordham Envtl. L. Rev. 563, 585
(2011) (identifying international food policy and domestic food safety as
appropriate federal concerns).





n111.  Neil D. Hamilton describes the movement for more power in the food
marketplace - for the rights "to be informed and to have more satisfying food
choices and alternatives" - as the pursuit of "food democracy." Essay - Food
Democracy and the Future of American Values, 9 Drake J. Agric. L. 9, 12-13
(2004).





n112.  Catherine J. LaCroix, Urban Agriculture and Other Green Uses: Remaking
the Shrinking City, 42 The Urban Lawyer 225, 239 (2010). Interestingly, the
Supreme Court held the first Farm Bill to be an unconstitutional intrusion into
the States' domain. United States v. Butler, 297 U.S. 1, 68 (1936) (finding that
the Agricultural Adjustment Act (AAA) of 1933 "is a statutory plan to regulate
and control agricultural production, a matter beyond the powers delegated to the
federal government"). But just six years later, in Wickard v. Filburn, the Court
held an amended version of the AAA to be a proper exercise of the Commerce
Clause, thus affirming the federal government's ability to regulate both
inter-and intra-state agriculture. 317 U.S. 111, 128-29 (1942).





n113.  Giorda, supra note 83, at 57 (citation omitted).





n114.  In fact, two large Farm Bill programs follow a similar model. Both the
National School Lunch Program and Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program are
federally funded and then apportioned by state and local governments. New Haven
Food Policy Council, supra note 5, at 5 (NSLP); Martinez et al., supra note 12,
at 39 (SNAP). However, clearly defining the "regulatory scope and enforcement
jurisdiction" of State and local governments and the federal government remains
an ongoing challenge. Martinez et al., supra note 12, at 27.





n115.  A prominent example is the Seattle City Council's Seattle Farm Bill
Principles, which communities around the United States embrace as a general
model for federally sponsored local food systems. Imhoff, supra note 13, at 181,
183.





n116.  New State Ice Co. v. Liebmann, 285 U.S. 262, 311 (1932) (Brandeis, J.,
dissenting) ("It is one of the happy accidents of the federal system that a
single courageous state may, if its citizens choose, serve as a laboratory, and
try novel social and economic experiments without risk to the rest of the
country.").





n117.  Thomas F. Pawlick, The End of Food 184 (2006); David Tracey, Guerilla
Gardening: A Manualfesto 101-03 (2007) (praising small agricultural acts, or
"guerilla gardening," for their collective impact and ability to gain notice).





n118.  See generally Heather K. Gerken, Dissenting by Deciding, 57 Stan. L. Rev.
1745 (2005).





n119.  Jessica Bulman-Pozen & Heather K. Gerken, Uncooperative Federalism, 118
Yale L.J. 1256, 1256-57 (2009).





n120.  Gerken, supra note 118, at 1748.





n121.  Bulman-Pozen & Gerken, supra note 119, at 1294 ("[A] state can make its
case by putting its ideas into practice, remapping the politics of the
possible.").





n122.  Hamilton, supra note 111, at 12-13.





n123.  Eubanks II, supra note 28, at 10494.





n124.  Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 contains fifteen Titles: I -
Commodity Programs; II - Conservation; III - Trade; IV - Nutrition; V - Credit;
VI - Rural Development; VII - Research and Related Matters; VIII - Forestry; IX
- Energy; X - Horticulture and Organic Agriculture; XI - Livestock; XII - Crop
Insurance and Disaster Assistance Programs; XIII - Commodity Futures; XIV -
Miscellaneous; and XV - Trade and Tax Provisions. Pub. L. No. 110-246, 122 Stat.
1651, 1651-1664 (2008).





n125.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 27 ("The Farm Bill became an engine driving
surplus production of commodity crops and a gravy train for powerful
corporations that purchased and traded them; the rules of the game changed and
the public benefit aspect of its origins derailed.").





n126.  Dimitri et al., supra note 101, at 9.





n127.  Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1933, Pub. L. No. 73-10, 48 Stat. 31,
Title I (1933).





n128.  Anne B. W. Effland, U.S. Farm Policy: The First 200 Years, in Food,
Farming, and Sustainability 9-10 (Susan A. Schneider ed., 2011).





n129.  McCabe, supra note 108, at 155.





n130.  United States v. Butler, 297 U.S. 1, 68 (1936) (finding Congress exceeded
its authority under the Commerce Clause in enacting the AAA of 1933). See supra
note 112 for discussion of related Commerce Clause issues. To resolve the
legislation's flaws, Congress replaced the unconstitutional tax on processors
with income support payments to farmers in 1936. Jasper Womach, Cong. Research
Serv., OC 97-905, Agriculture: A Glossary of Terms, Programs, and Laws 9
(updated June 16, 2005) available at
http://www.cnie.org/NLE/CRSreports/05jun/97-905.pdf. Congress then replaced the
unconstitutional 1933 farm subsidy policies with the 1938 AAA. Id. at 238.





n131.  Effland, supra note 128, at 10.





n132.  Womach, supra note 130, at 9. Congress has let the Farm Bill has expire
in 1996, 2007, and 2012. To avoid negative impacts on farmers and consumers,
Congress must renew the Bill before the following crop year. J.T. Rushing,
Expiration of Farm Bill Should Have Little Impact on Iowans, The Gazette (Oct.
1, 2012 8:31 AM),
http://thegazette.com/2012/10/01/expiration-of-farm-bill-should-have-little-impa
ct-on-iowans/.





n133.  The commodities included in the 1933 law were wheat, cotton, corn, hogs,
rice, tobacco, and milk. Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1933, Pub. L. No. 73-10,
§ 11, 48 Stat. 31, 38 (1933).





n134.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 83. The 1996 Farm Bill eliminated price support
mechanisms, but these still "figure in the current debate." Effland, supra note
128, at 9.





n135.  Tom Philpott, A Reflection on the Lasting Legacy of 1970s USDA Secretary
Earl Butz, Grist (Feb. 8, 2008, 1:31 AM),
http://grist.org/article/the-butz-stops-here/.





n136.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 39.





n137.  Womach, supra note 130, at 8-9.





n138.  McCabe, supra note 108, at 155.





n139.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 50. For example, forty percent of draftees were
rejected due to malnutrition. Id.





n140.  Id. at 110 fig.19 (this program ended in 1943 and reemerged in 1964 as
the National Food Stamp Program, but was not included in the Farm Bill until
1977).





n141.  Id. at 50 ("30 million children receive meals every school day."); 42
U.S.C § 1751 (2012).





n142.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 40. Some farmers, for example, poured millions
of gallons of surplus milk into the street rather than see the milk
redistributed. Id.





n143.  Id. at 53.





n144.  See supra text accompanying note 129.





n145.  See Imhoff, supra note 13, at 32 (observing that food distribution
programs are among the first to receive funding cuts if the appropriations
committee must reduce Farm Bill spending).





n146.  Originally uttered by Secretary of Agriculture Ezra Taft Benson in the
1950s, this became the slogan of 1970s agricultural policy. James Earl Sherow,
The Grasslands of the United States: An Environmental History 139 (2007).





n147.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 47.





n148.  See, e.g., Richard Goldstein, Earl L. Butz, Secretary Felled by Racial
Remark, Is Dead at 98, N.Y. Times (Feb. 4, 2008), available at
http://www.nytimes.com/2008/02/04/washington/04butz.html?
scp=1&sq=earl+butz&st=nyt&_r=0.





n149.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 44.





n150.  See Philpott, supra note 135 (noting that many farmers took out large
loans to expand operations, which was one reason for the demise of many small
and mid-sized farms).





n151.  Id.





n152.  Id.





n153.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 48.





n154.  Tom Philpott, How Cash and Corporate Pressure Pushed Ethanol to the Fore,
Grist (Dec. 7 2006, 7:43 AM), http://grist.org/article/adm1/.





n155.  Between 2002 and 2007, farmers received over $ 72 billion in commodity
subsidies. Ralph M. Chite, Cong. Research Serv., RS22694, Farm Bill Budget and
Costs: 2002 vs. 2007 2 tbl.1 (Jan. 29, 2008), available at
http://www.nationalaglawcenter.org/wp-content/uploads/assets/crs/RS22694.pdf.





n156.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 65.





n157.  Inst. for Agric. & Trade Pol'y, A Fair Farm Bill for America 6 (Ben
Lilliston ed., 2007), available at http://www.iatp.org/files/258_2_97623.pdf.





n158.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 67. Farm subsidies peaked in 2000, at nearly $
25 billion, and have remained above $ 14 billion annually through 2012. See EWG
Farm Subsidy Database, Envtl. Working Grp.,
http://farm.ewg.org/regionsummary.php?fips=00000&statename= theUnitedStates
(last visited Nov. 13, 2013).





n159.  Tadlock Cowan, Cong. Research Serv., RL 31837, An Overview of USDA Rural
Development Programs 1 (May 3, 2010) available at
http://www.nationalaglawcenter.org/wp-content/uploads/assets/crs/RL31837.pdf.
Initially, these programs were a response to "low incomes and low standards of
living" in rural areas during the first half of the 20th century. Id. They
evolved to help rural farmers compete with large agribusiness. See id. at 6-7.





n160.  Id. at 4.





n161. " Small" farms earn less than $ 40,000 annually whereas "mid-sized" farms
earn $ 40,000 to $ 250,000 annually. These represent about 70 percent and 25
percent of American farms, respectively. Paarlberg & Paarlberg, supra note 99,
at 114.





n162.  Cowan, supra note 159, at 1.





n163.  Id. at 6.





n164.  See Food, Energy, and Conservation Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-246, §
6018(b)(1), 122 Stat. 1651, 1933 (2008) (requiring the Secretary to assess
possible definitions of "rural" and their impact on Farm Bill programs).





n165.  See Imhoff, supra note 13, at 72.





n166.  S. Rep. No. 95-418, at 50 (1977) (committing to "safeguard the health and
well-being of the Nation's population by raising levels of nutrition among
low-income households").





n167.  Food & Nutrition Serv., U.S. Dep't of Agric., SNAP Name Change 2,
available at http://www.fns.usda.gov/snap/outreach/pdfs/toolkit/2011/
Community/Basics/SNAP_name.pdf (last visited Jan. 7, 2013) (intending to stress
the nutritional mission and reduce social stigma).





n168.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 53. The 2008 Farm Bill authorized $ 307 billion
in total spending, with $ 209 billion dedicated for all nutrition programs. Farm
Bill Cost Estimate, Cong. Budget Office (May 13, 2008),
http://www.cbo.gov/publication/24782.





n169.  SNAP to Health, supra note 48, at 12.





n170.  Food & Nutrition Serv., U.S. Dep't of Agric., The Emergency Food
Assistance Program 1 (2013), available at
http://www.fns.usda.gov/sites/default/files/pfs-tefap.pdf; see also The
Emergency Food Assistance Program, 7 U.S.C.§§1721-26 (2008).





n171.  Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children,
42 U.S.C. § 1786 (2008).





n172.  SNAP to Health, supra note 48, at 1.





n173.  Id. at 15-16.





n174.  Id. at 7.





n175.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 72.





n176.  Id.





n177.  Martinez et al., supra note 12, at 38.





n178.  Id.





n179.  Id. at 36-37.





n180.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 73 (Farmers' Market Promotion Program and
Specialty Crop Block Grants).





n181.  Id. at 179.





n182.  Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food - Our Mission, U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navid=KYF_M ISSION (last updated
Aug. 19, 2013).





n183.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 179.





n184.  Hamilton, supra note 59, at 130.





n185.  William P. Browne et al., Sacred Cows and Hot Potatoes: Agrarian Myths in
Agricultural Policy, in Food, Farming, and Sustainability: Readings in
Agricultural Law 13 (Susan A. Schneider ed., 2010).





n186.  In 2012, approximately 15 percent of Americans lived in rural areas. See
State Fact Sheets, supra note 101.





n187.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 42.





n188.  Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-246, §
6018(a)(13)(A)(ii), 122 Stat. 1651, 1931 (2008) (defining rural as "any area
other than ... any urbanized area").





n189.  Pub. L. 87-128, 75 Stat. 294 (2011) (emphasis added).





n190.  See, e.g., id. § 310B(g)(6)(A)(i)-(ii), 75 Stat. at 335 ("The primary
benefit of the loan guarantee will be to provide employment for residents of a
rural area.").





n191.  Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-246, § 10109,
122 Stat.1651, 2100 (2008).





n192.  Id. § 10106, 122 Stat. at 2098.





n193.  Id. § 4402, 122 Stat. at 1896.





n194.  Hagey et al., supra note 55, at 36. Rural areas received nearly 8-times
more federal agricultural funding than urban areas in 2010. See State Fact
Sheets, supra note 101. There could be many reasons for this, including more
applicants and larger projects in rural areas.





n195.  See Hagey et al., supra note 55, at 36 (calling for "greater coordination
of urban agriculture opportunities across programs").





n196.  See Imhoff, supra note 13, at 35 fig.5 (depicting the steady escalation
in spending for Farm Bill lobbying, with $ 140 million being spent in 2008).





n197.  See Paarlberg & Paarlberg, supra note 99, at 115 (observing that small
farmers "are claimed as constituents by politicians, but rarely are they
recipients of political favors").





n198.  See supra text accompanying notes 176-180.





n199.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 32.





n200.  Id. at 33.





n201.  Id. at 32.





n202.  See generally Search Bills in Congress, Govtrack.us,
https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/browse?congress=112#similar
_to=H.R.4351%2F112 (last visited Nov. 23, 2013).





n203.  E.g., Let's Grow Act of 2012, H.R. 4351, 112th Cong. §§302, 366(b) (2012)
(authorizing grants to convert "abandoned or foreclosed property to urban
agriculture uses" and requiring "an urban entrepreneurship and microenterprise
program," inter alia).





n204.  See generally Eastern Market Testimony, supra note 64 (Detroit, MI);
Healthy Food Initiatives, Local Production, and Nutrition: Hearing Before the S.
Comm. On Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, 112th Cong. 3 (Mar. 7, 2012)
(statement of John Weidman, Deputy Executive Director, The Food Trust),
available at
http://www.ag.senate.gov/hearings/healthy-food-initiatives-local-production-and-
nutrition (Philadelphia, PA) [hereinafter Food Trust Testimony].





n205.  See supra Part I.A-B.





n206.  Specialty Crops Competitiveness Act of 2004, Pub. L. No. 108-465, 118
Stat. 3882, 3882 (2004). Congress incorporated this Act into the 2008 Farm Bill.
Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-246, § 10109, 122
Stat.1651, 2100 (2008).





n207.  Specialty Crops Competitiveness Act § 3(1), 118 Stat. at 3883.





n208.  Specialty Crop Block Grant Program - Farm Bill, Agric. Mktg. Serv., U.S.
Dep't of Agric., http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/ams.fetchTemplateData.do?templa
te=TemplateN&navID=SpecialtyCropBlockGrant0Program&righ
tNav1=SpecialtyCropBlockGrant0Program&topNav=&leftNav=C
ommodityAreas&page=SCBGP&resultType (last updated Nov. 1, 2013).





n209.  Barham et al., supra note 70, at 49.





n210.  Specialty Crop Block Grant Program - Farm Bill, supra note 208.





n211.  Farm Bill Budget Visualizer, Johns Hopkins Ctr. for a Livable Future,
http://www.jhu.edu/farmbillvisualizer/ (last visited Jan. 6, 2013).





n212.  Specialty Crops Competitiveness Act of 2004, Pub. L. No. 108-465, §
2(a)(2), 118 Stat. 3882, 3882 (2004). See generally supra Part I. B.





n213.  See supra Part I.D (advocating a federal-state relationship that values
community self-determination in developing local food systems).





n214.  Kari Hamerschlag, Making a Good Farm Bill Program Better: Specialty Crop
Grants in California, Civileats.com (Nov. 1, 2012),
http://civileats.com/2012/11/01/making-a-good-farm-bill-program-better-specialty
-crop-grants-in-california- 2/.





n215.  See Agric. Mktg. Serv., U.S. Dep't of Agric., Fiscal Year 2011
Description of Funded Projects (2011), available at
http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/getfile?dDocName=STELPRDC5093992 (accounting for
33 percent and 15 percent of SCBGs, respectively).





n216.  For example, the Specialty Crop Research Initiative received $ 50 million
annually from 2010 to 2012. Food, Energy, and Conservation Act of 2008, Pub. L.
No. 110-246, § 7311, 122 Stat. 1651, 2006 (2008); Farm Bill Budget Visualizer,
supra note 211. See also Hamerschlag, supra note 214 (suggesting that private
grower associations should support marketing efforts).





n217.  E.g., Food, Energy, and Conservation Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-246, §
6028, 122 Stat. 1651, 1944-55 (2008).





n218.  7 U.S.C. § 3005(b)(1)(A) (2012).





n219.  Id.





n220.  7 U.S.C. § 3005(c).





n221.  Barham et al., supra note 70, at 49.





n222.  7 U.S.C. § 3005(b)(2).





n223.  Barham et al., supra note 70, at 49.





n224.  Food Trust Testimony, supra note 204, at 1.





n225.  Eastern Market Testimony, supra note 64, at 3.





n226.  7 U.S.C. § 3001.





n227.  Nat'l Inst. of Food & Agric., U.S. Dep't of Agric., Community Food
Projects Competitive Grants Program: FY 2011 Request for Applicants 22,
available at http://www.nifa.usda.gov/funding/rfas/pdfs/11_community_foods.pdf.





n228.  Id. at 7





n229.  7 U.S.C. § 2034(a)(3) (defining "underserved community" to include "an
urban or rural community").





n230.  Nat'l Inst. of Food & Agric., supra note 227, at 7.





n231.  Nat'l Inst. of Food & Agric., U.S. Dep't of Agric., Increasing Eastern
North Philadelphia Community's Access to Locally Grown Food through CSA,
Farmer's Market, Corner Stores and Buying Club, Current Research Info. Sys.,
http://cris.nifa.usda.gov/cgi-bin/starfinder/0?path=fastlink1.txt&id=anon&pass=&
s earch=R=46766&format=WEBLINK (last visited Nov. 22, 2013).





n232.  Nat'l Inst. of Food & Agric., supra note 227, at 7.





n233.  See supra Part I.A (describing high operation costs, lack of land
ownership, and lack of training as core obstacles).





n234.  Farm Bill Budget Visualizer, supra note 211.





n235.  Hunger and Food Security: Community Food Projects Competitive Grants,
Nat'l Inst. of Food & Agric., U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
http://www.csrees.usda.gov/nea/food/in_focus/hunger_ if_ competitive.html (last
updated Mar. 18, 2009).





n236.  Nat'l Inst. of Food & Agric., supra note 227 at 11. Either public or
private entities can donate these funds. Id.





n237.  Farm Bill Cost Estimate, supra note 168.





n238.  Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996, Pub. L. No.
104-127, § 401(h), 110 Stat. 888, 1027 (1996) (amending the Food Stamp Act of
1977 to include the Assistance for Community Food Projects program).





n239.  See Nat'l Inst. of Food & Agric., supra note 227 at 11.





n240.  In 2012, Ohio Congresswoman Marcia Fudge introduced a bill that included
a Title for Sustainable Urban Agriculture. Let's Grow Act of 2012, H.R. 4351,
112th Cong. (2012). This bill, however, did not pass into law and suffered from
definitional ambiguities and inconsistencies. For example, the bill defines
"urban area" in two ways, using both the Census definition and the vague "urban
in character" standard from existing farm bills. Id.§§305(e)(1)(A), 366(a)(12).





n241.  With mounting federal debt, the Farm Bill has become particularly
budget-conscious. See Press Release, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack,
Agriculture Secretary Vilsack on Priorities for the 2012 Farm Bill (Oct. 24,
2011), http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdamediafb?contentid
=2011/10/0458.xml&printable=true&contentidonly=true (emphasizing the need to
prioritize because "there will be considerably less funding" for the Farm Bill);
Kaitlin Durbin, Agriculture Official: Farm Bill Necessary, Bucyrus
Telegraph-Forum (Oct. 22, 2012), http://www.bucyrustelegraphforum
.com/article/20121022/NEWS01/210220313/Agriculture-official-Farm-bill-necessary?
odyssey= nav<abval1>head (reporting the Senate version of the 2012 Farm Bill cut
spending by $ 23 billion while the House version suggested $ 184 billion in
cuts).





n242.  Erik J. O'Donoghue et al., Econ. Research Serv., U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
Bull. No. 49, Exploring Alternative Farm Definitions: Implications for
Agricultural Statistics and Program Eligibility 2 (2009), available at
http://www.ers.usda.gov/media/160912/eib49.pdf.





n243.  Nat'l Agric. Statistics Serv., U.S. Dep't of Agric., Farms, Land in
Farms, and Livestock Operations: 2011 Summary 21 (2012).





n244.  Id.





n245.  See Demographics, U.S. Envtl. Prot. Agency,
http://www.epa.gov/oecaagct/ag101/ demographics.html (last updated April 15,
2013) (classifying 87.3 percent of all farms as "small", based on annual
revenue).





n246.  Farm Household Well-being: Glossary, Econ. Research Serv., U.S. Dep't of
Agric.,
http://www.ers.usda.gov/topics/farm-economy/farm-household-well-being/glossary.a
spx (last updated Aug. 27, 2013).





n247.  Demographics, supra note 245.





n248.  Farm Household Well-being: Glossary, supra note 246.





n249.  See Hamilton, supra note 59, at 133 ("The messages sent by using the
value-laden and pejorative label "residential/lifestyle farm' ... are that these
farms are less important than others and the farmers less deserving of attention
... .").





n250.  O'Donoghue et al., supra note 242, at 3.





n251.  Id. at 17.





n252.  Peleg Kremer, Tracy L. DeLiberty & Yda Schreuder, Defining Local Food
Systems, in Local Food Systems in Old Industrial Regions 147, 150 (Neil Reid et
al. eds., 2012) (internal citation omitted).





n253.  O'Donoghue et al., supra note 242, at 3.





n254.  See supra Part II.B.1.





n255.  E.g., Rural Definition, Oxford English Dictionary Online,
http://www.oed.com.proxy.lib.duke.edu/view/Entry/168989?redirec tedFrom=rural
(last visited Jan. 5, 2013) (defining "rural" as "of the country as opposed to a
town or city"); Urban Definition, Oxford English Dictionary Online,
http://www.oed.com.proxy.lib.duke.edu/view/Entry/220386? redirectedFrom=urban
(last visited Jan. 5, 2013) (defining "urban" as "characteristic of, a town or
city, ... as opposed to the countryside").





n256.  Food, Energy, and Conservation Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-246, §
6018(a), 122 Stat. 1651, 1931-33 (2008); Geography: 2010 Census Urban and Rural
Classification and Urban Area Criteria, U.S. Census Bureau,
http://www.census.gov/geo/reference/urban-rural-2010.html (last visited Jan. 6,
2013).





n257.  Geography: 2010 Census Urban and Rural Classification and Urban Area
Criteria, supra note 256.





n258.  Id.





n259.  See Food, Energy, and Conservation Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-246, §
6018(a), 122 Stat. 1651, 1931-33 (2008).





n260.  Id.





n261.  Imhoff, supra note 13, at 178 ("Current Farm Bill definitions around
rural development pose funding limitations for counties that have both dense
urban populations as well as a balanced rural sector capable of diversified
local food production.").





n262.  Brown & Carter, supra note 44, at 3.





n263.  Food, Energy, and Conservation Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-246, §
6018(b)(1), (b)(3), 122 Stat. 1651, 1933-34 (2008) (requesting a report that
"assesses the various definitions of "rural' and "rural area' ... [and] makes
recommendations for ways to better target funds").





n264.  7 U.S.C. § 1991(a)(13)(F)(ii) (2012).





n265.  7 U.S.C. § 1991(a)(13)(D)(ii).





n266.  7 U.S.C. § 1991(a)(13)(D).





n267.  Louise Reynnells & Patricia LaCaille Johnson, What Is Rural?, Rural Info.
Ctr., Nat'l Agric. Library, U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
http://www.nal.usda.gov/ric/ricpubs/what_is_rural .shtml (last updated July 16,
2013).





n268.  Geography: 2010 Census Urban and Rural Classification and Urban Area
Criteria, supra note 256 (reporting that 80.7 percent of Americans live in urban
areas).





n269.  See supra Part III.A.





n270.  Jeanette Eckert & Sujata Shetty, Urban Food Deserts: Policy Issues,
Access, and Planning for a Community Food System, in Local Food Systems in Old
Industrial Regions 115, 123 (Neil Reid et al. eds., 2012).





n271.  Food, Energy, and Conservation Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-246, § 6015,
122 Stat. 1651, 1929 (2008).





n272.  Kremer et al., supra note 252, at 147-48.





n273.  § 6015, 122 Stat. at 1929.





n274.  Detroit E. Mkt., http://www.detroiteasternmarket.com/ (last visited Jan.
6, 2013).





n275.  See supra text accompanying note 112.





n276.  Local Foodshed Mapping Tool for New York State, Dep't of Crop & Soil
Sci., Cornell Univ.,
http://css.cals.cornell.edu/cals/css/extension/foodshed-mapping.cfm#foodshed
(last visited Jan. 7, 2013).





n277.  Foodshed, Field Guide to the New Am. Foodshed,
http://foodshedguide.org/foodshed/ (last visited Jan. 11, 2013).





n278.  See New Haven Food Policy Council, supra note 5, at 24 (defining "food
system").





n279.  Kremer et al., supra note 252, at 164-65.





n280.  James T. Hathaway, Benchmarking Local Food Systems in Older Industrial
Regions, in Local Food Systems in Old Industrial Regions 93, 108 (Neil Reid et
al. eds., 2012).





n281.  See supra text accompanying note 20.





n282.  E.g., 7 U.S.C. § 1985(c)(1)(B) (2012) (prioritizing "beginning farmers or
ranchers" and "socially disadvantaged farmers or ranchers"); Food, Energy, and
Conservation Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-246, §§14001-13, 122 Stat. 1651,
2204-15 (2008).





n283.  7 U.S.C. § 2034(a)(3) (2012).





n284.  Id.





n285.  See generally U.S. Dep't of Agric., supra note 81.





n286.  Danny Devries & Robbie Linn, Food for Thought: Addressing Detroit's Food
Desert Myth, Data Driven Detroit (Sept. 8, 2011),
http://newsletter.datadrivendetroit.org/2011/09/08/food-for-thought-addressing-d
etroit's-food-desert-myth/.


                              109 of 119 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright (c) 2005 Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford
                               Junior University
                     Stanford Journal of International Law

                                  Summer, 2005

                            41 Stan. J Int'l L. 217

LENGTH: 38378 words

Article: Reflection in a Distant Mirror: Why the West has Misperceived the
Grameen Bank's Vision of Microcredit

NAME: Rashmi Dyal-Chand a

BIO: a Assistant Professor of Law, Northeastern University School of Law. I am
grateful to Sally Bould, Judith Olans Brown, Lan Cao, Dan Danielsen, Stacey
Dogan, Peter Enrich, Benjamin Ericson, Karl Klare, Hope Lewis, Jim Rowan,
William Simon, Emily Spieler, Lucy Williams, Margaret Woo, and participants at
the Northeastern Junior Faculty Exchange for their thoughts and suggestions. An
earlier version of a portion of this Article was presented at the Spring 2003
European Law Research Center conference at Harvard Law School. I wish to thank
Shalanda Baker, Jeanette Blanco, Melissa Brooks, Joseph Calandrelli, Joshua
Coleman, Mary Cyriac, Mama Diouf, Kevin Grant, Jean Healey, Beata Shapiro, and
Heather Southwell for their terrific research assistance; Jan McNew for her
outstanding administrative support; and Susan Drisko Zago and the staff at the
Northeastern University Law Library for their invaluable research support.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... The past decade has seen a groundswell of international interest in an
institution that lends tiny amounts of money to impoverished rural women in
Bangladesh. ...  Some of the more laudable initiatives for the poor have as
their basis not just the goal of increasing incomes of low-income individuals so
that the national or regional market can benefit from their spending; rather,
they seek to overcome market failure by means of market participation by the
poor in multiple forms, as both neighborhood shopkeepers and as empowered
consumers, as both the local work force and the local patrons. ...  The Grameen
Bank and some U.S. commentators claim that the solidarity circle solves this
part of the informational problem as well: The circle saves the lender the
trouble of screening anything about the borrower - character or business plan -
because the lender can recoup its loans from the other borrowers in the circle.
...  The greatest opportunity for mischief results from the combination of a
formal loan document (in which the female borrower is solely liable to the
microlender), the informal solidarity circle (in which female borrowers are
subject to social pressures), and whatever unregulated additional social
pressures the female borrowers are subjected to at home (including confiscation
of loan funds by family members). ...

TEXT:
 [*217]

   Introduction

   The past decade has seen a groundswell of international interest in an
institution that lends tiny amounts of money to impoverished rural women in
Bangladesh. For those who had always thought that the "First World" could learn
a few things from the "Third World," n1 this development might seem encouraging.
In this Article, I argue that it is not.

   One apparent reason for the intense interest in this Bangladeshi program is
that the poor everywhere, even in the United States, are getting poorer in
relation to everyone else. n2 Moreover, they are, now more than ever,  [*218]
more entrenched in their poverty and more marginalized from partaking in
increasingly global markets. n3 Both in the United States and abroad, there are
development communities n4 that focus on fixing this problem by attempting to
boost participation by the poor in the market, and often by implication, in
mainstream n5 society. n6 These communities have identified at least three more
[*219]  specific structural problems that impede their task. I describe these
problems as: 1) market failure in those markets that are accessible to the poor;
2) lack of formal participation by the poor in markets that do function; and 3)
the absence of indigenous values in potential solutions to the first two
problems, which prevents such solutions from "sticking" in the target
populations. n7

   Bangladesh appears to be part of the solution to the aforementioned
structural problems. Presently, there is a growing momentum behind the notion
that the particular model of microlending n8 developed by the Grameen Bank in
Bangladesh might - literally - eliminate the universal problem of entrenched
poverty. Formed in 1976, the Grameen Bank's mission is to lend to those whose
needs are not met by commercial lenders; thus, the Bank's borrowers are
primarily the landless poor, who represent approximately fifty percent of
Bangladesh's population. n9 The Bank makes tiny loans of between  [*220]  ten
and fifty U.S. dollars to help borrowers start their own microenterprises. n10
The Bank claims that these loans are not acts of charity, but rather fill a gap
in the market. n11

   Politicians, the popular press, and development communities here and abroad
have converged on three particular characteristics of the Grameen Bank's model
that appear to be the secret to the Bank's success. The first is a device called
a "solidarity circle," which serves as a replacement for physical collateral.
n12 Grameen Bank loans require borrowers to form groups of five. n13 The Bank
will only loan money at first to two members of the circle. n14 Each member of
the circle, however, must guarantee repayment of those two loans to the Bank.
n15 Only after those two borrowers establish a successful repayment record will
the Bank lend successively to the other members of the solidarity circle. n16
The peer pressure that circle members impose on each other is the collateral for
the loans. The second characteristic is the Bank's requirement that borrowers
comply with a borrower-generated agenda for social development called the
"Sixteen Decisions," n17 which directs borrowers to refrain from such socially
unhealthy behaviors as giving and receiving dowry, defecating in open fields,
and having too many children. n18 The third characteristic is the Bank's focus
on women, who make up ninety-five percent of its borrowers. n19 The particular
appeal of this combination of features to politicians and the popular press
appears to be the promise of a short-term infusion of capital to solve a problem
that had previously been addressed by welfare and other long-term "maintenance"
strategies. n20

   Politicians and the media are not alone in their praise of microcredit.
Development communities both here and abroad are also enchanted. Indeed, the
last decade has witnessed hundreds of attempts to replicate some form of the
Bank's model in the United States. n21 I posit that this fascination is aroused
[*221]  by the Western n22 development community's assumptions that the three
key features of the Bank's model solve the three structural problems that have
plagued its attempts to integrate the poor into the market. For example,
development thinkers see the solidarity circle as closing the information gap
between commercial lenders and impoverished borrowers with no credit record or
collateral by making the borrowers, who typically know each other, vouch for
each other's creditworthiness. n23 Additionally, the solidarity circle
incorporates indigenous values by using those very values as a basis for
pressuring fellow borrowers within the circle to repay their loans. n24 My
analysis challenges these assumptions.

   Specifically, I argue that, partly because the information we have about the
model is more myth than fact, the development community in the United States has
reached unsupportable and false conclusions about the model's ability to solve
market failure, increase participation by the poor in functioning markets, and
incorporate indigenous values. In reality, the solidarity circle and the other
key features of the model fail to eliminate the informational and other problems
that contribute to market failure in poor communities, arguably leaving the poor
with even fewer resources to sell their products or services. And, far from
teaching the poor the values necessary to participate in mainstream markets, the
three key features of the model encourage the poor to engage in informal
behaviors that have the opposite effect.

   But it is the model's failure to solve the third problem that should inspire
the Western development community to reassess its most basic assumptions about
the development process. I argue that the indigenousness that the Grameen Bank
appears to have captured, an indigenousness that the Bank claims causes its
program to "stick" with its target population, is a facade. The more chilling
reality is that those features of the Grameen Bank that are so attractive to the
development community in the West are largely a reflection of Western values,
which had previously been exported around the world. Thus, the indigenousness
that the Western development community perceives is in fact what I describe as a
more dubious hybridity that fails to incorporate the true values of the target
population. The implications of this hybridity ought to give us pause as we
consider the pros and cons of the Grameen Bank model. This discovery should also
require us to confront the extent to which the West's increasing market
dominance redefines the struggle for cultural integrity and economic survival at
the most local level.

   I begin in Part I by reflecting upon why U.S. observers of the Grameen Bank
are so attracted to its model. I focus on the Grameen Bank because its model is
emblematic of the programs that people in this country are interested in
replicating and because it implicates the most prominent issues and goals of
microlending. In this Part, I also describe the microcredit movement in the
[*222]  United States, which, despite a decade of hard work, has failed in some
important respects. In many respects, the rest of the Article diagnoses the
failure. In Part II, I begin to unpack the myths surrounding the model by
analyzing important differences between the Grameen Bank and the Western
development community in their conceptions of two foundational concepts: the
question of how to measure success in alleviating poverty and the notion of
operative markets. I argue that the Bank's understanding of these two concepts
is so different from our Western understanding that our perspective on the
Bank's goals and methodologies is fundamentally distorted. In Part III, I
explore the images of the Grameen Bank that have found their way into the
Western media and question whether they accurately reflect the functioning,
effects, and successes of the Bank. I conclude that, in important respects, they
do not. In Parts II and III, I draw upon empirical studies of the Grameen Bank
and of its transferability to the United States. I focus primarily on those
aspects of the Bank's methodology that have intrigued those in the United States
who have contemplated that migration: the solidarity circle device, the Sixteen
Decisions, and the use of women as lending targets. n25

   In Part IV, I examine whether the Bank's model solves the three structural
problems that challenge development communities as they seek to integrate the
poor into the market. I argue that the lessons to be learned from the Bank's
experiment are not what the Western development community might have hoped. I
conclude in Parts V and VI with a discussion of the implications of using a
hybrid model such as the Grameen Bank's version of microcredit. I argue that the
Bank's adoption of ostensibly indigenous values and mores that look so
intrinsically similar to Western values and mores should raise a cautionary
flag. In addition, I provide some thoughts about how we might achieve a better
model for economic development in the inner cities, in part by developing a more
nuanced approach. In doing so, I suggest that the particular choice of
microcredit as a model might not be the right one. Although my focus in this
Article is to analyze the model's ability to meet the goals that the development
community has identified as important, in Part VI, I also address more directly
another fundamental question in development: whether credit, or capital
development, or similar economic development criteria are as indispensable to
development as Western development communities assume.

   In my assessment, I hope to draw attention to the question of how the law
supports, and whether it should support, the market-based strategy of
microcredit financing. The law's involvement is important not only for the
reasons described so effectively by the Law and Development movement: that the
rule of law is itself a strategy of development. n26 Nor is it important only
for the reasons described by critical legal theorists: that law underlies, often
only implicitly, our notions of rights and social relations. n27 Law's
involvement also  [*223]  is important for practitioners - the ones responsible
both for crafting and teaching the rules of participation to low-income
individuals in microcredit programs and for enforcing the rights and
responsibilities of the participants. Said another way, this Article considers
the role of practitioners as they attempt to practice "transactional law" on
behalf of the poor.

   I. Why the Grameen Bank Model?

   A. An Apparent Match in Values

 Many have identified the Grameen Bank as a promising model for poverty
reduction in the United States, including Republican and Democratic politicians,
n28 feminist scholars and organizations, n29 and a number of scholars and
practitioners in the Community Economic Development ("CED") movement. n30 The
particular appeal of the Grameen Bank model in the United  [*224]  States is its
apparently successful use of microcredit as a means of creating permanent jobs
n31 in the form of microenterprises. n32

   Through no fault of our own, however, the picture that we have of the Grameen
Bank is a limited, and rosy, one. First, we view the Grameen Bank as a
non-profit organization n33 that acts like a for-profit institution.
Specifically, although the Bank provides financial services to an impoverished,
rural population, largely composed of women, it does not do so as an act of
charity. n34 Rather, the Bank behaves exactly as any other commercial lender
behaves, but on a smaller scale, hence the term microlender. n35 Moreover, many
in the West admire the claim that the Bank has the potential to make a profit
from microlending alone, without aid of foundation or government support. n36

    [*225]  The Bank's use of a "solidarity circle" or peer lending approach
also elicits admiration. n37 As stated previously, the Bank requires borrowers,
as a condition of receiving a loan, to form groups of five members. Upon
formation of a solidarity circle, only two borrowers in the circle receive a
loan. Each member of the circle must guarantee repayment of the two loans. After
the initial borrowers, with the help of the circle if need be, establish a
successful record of repayment, another one or two borrowers in the circle get a
loan until every member of the circle has received a loan - each of which is
guaranteed by all the other circle members. n38 By leaving the task of enforcing
loan terms to circle members, who, of course, do not want to have to make
payments for delinquent borrowers within the circle nor to lose access to their
own source of credit, the Bank takes advantage of informal peer pressure to
ensure repayment of its loans. Moreover, even if peer pressure fails to produce
repayment by the delinquent borrower, the Bank has four guarantors from whom to
seek repayment.

   The use of a solidarity circle not only addresses the lending conundrum of a
lack of physical collateral for loans; it also reduces the Bank's costs of
lending by effectively leaving to the borrowers in the circle the task of
determining whether each individual borrower is a good credit risk. n39 This
[*226]  system appears to have the added benefit of developing borrowers'
business judgment by teaching them to evaluate whether a given business proposal
is likely enough to be successful to be worth risking their own money as
guarantors. n40 The success of the solidarity circle may depend also upon the
potential for future credit. Borrowers tend to remain in the circle even after a
complete round of loans is given because of the likelihood of obtaining
additional loans from the Bank. n41

   To some members of the development community, the solidarity circle is also
attractive because it appears to capture an indigenous lending device. n42
Specifically, lending circles commonly known as "rotating credit associations"
(or RCAs) have existed in marginalized communities around the world for
centuries. n43 The RCAs typically function by pooling money from a circle of
contributors and then lending the larger pooled amount successively to members
of the circle. n44 In this respect, they are strikingly similar to the
solidarity circle. Moreover, the solidarity circle appears to be a superior
refinement of the RCA model because it seeks ultimately to bring borrowers into
the mainstream credit market (and other mainstream markets). n45

    [*227]  A third attractive feature is the Grameen Bank's social development
effort. It takes the form of a sixteen point list of behaviors, called the
Sixteen Decisions, that the Bank requires borrowers to memorize and repeat to
their loan officers as a condition of receiving loans. n46 These behaviors
include promises to follow the principles of discipline, unity, courage and hard
work; to grow vegetables all year round; to keep families small; to build and
use pit-latrines; and to refrain from giving and receiving dowry. n47

   Finally, numerous commentators (including feminist scholars) identify as a
positive characteristic the Bank's focus on women as lending targets. n48 In
[*228]  its last decade of lending, the Bank has targeted women almost
exclusively. In fact, as of now, approximately 95% of the Bank's borrowers are
women. n49 The Bank claims that its focus on women is an attempt to extend to
women the benefits of development and wealth generation. n50 In addition, the
Bank claims that it lends to women because women are more likely than men to use
loans for the benefit of their families rather than for their own personal
benefit. n51

   On the basis of this relatively spare yet Elysian vision, supporters of the
transferability of the Grameen Bank model to the U.S. inner city find a good
deal about which to be hopeful. n52 For example, some members of the  [*229]
CED movement conclude that the model's combination of social and economic
development is ideally suited to their purposes and philosophy. CED's goal is to
replicate for impoverished individuals the political and social empowerment that
the middle class gains from active participation in an accessible market. n53
Specifically, the CED movement seeks to decrease poverty by providing low-income
people with the tools to participate in the market, and thereby, to participate
democratically in their communities. n54 CED's chosen method is neighborhood
revitalization, with a focus on localizing - and thus increasing - access to
housing, jobs, credit, and more generalized community participation in and
through the neighborhood structure. n55 Thus, from CED's perspective,  [*230]
people who are economically invested in their neighborhoods will become
politically and socially invested as well. n56

   On the market side of the happy equation, CED and other supporters praise the
model's potential for teaching people of lower income how to maximize their own
wealth, thereby attaining the same economic advantages - and values n57 - as
those in middle-class society. n58 Unlike welfare-to-work initiatives, which
have been regularly criticized for teaching people dead-end skills for low-end
jobs, n59 people can learn this lesson by starting their own small businesses
and bootstrapping themselves into the market. n60 The notion that the only help
required in order for low-income people to participate fully in the market is a
one-time injection of capital (in sharp contrast with the continuous maintenance
strategy of welfare) is, of course, immensely appealing to a broad group of
supporters. n61

    [*231]  For those examining the economic causes of poverty, including some
in the CED movement, the model appears particularly attractive, because it
appears to be a low-cost, highly efficient fix to the problem of market failure
in the inner city. n62 Once the microlender injects capital into a start-up
microenterprise, the Grameen Bank model leverages the informal pressures and
collective action of the solidarity circle to ensure appropriate, efficient, and
successful market participation by individual borrowers. n63 At the same time,
however, some development thinkers value the formality imposed by loan
transactions that purport to meet the standards and rigors of the market, both
because of the efficiencies gained by market participation rather than
bureaucratic complications and because such formality teaches socially
appropriate values and behaviors. n64

   This bootstrapping model seems even more appealing to many because of its
focus on the individual (rather than the collective) as the agent of change and
self-sufficiency. n65 The possibility that individuals, no matter how poor, can
[*232]  succeed by "going it alone" is a potent one in a culture where rugged
individualism is closely associated with the pursuit of the American Dream. n66

   The allure of rugged individualism also relates to a second set of
market-focused advantages in the Grameen Bank model: the microlenders themselves
might also attain "self-sufficiency" in the course of providing microcredit. n67
Supporters often comment on the superiority of the Grameen Bank model because
the Bank has the goal, which it claims is within reach, of being able to provide
its services without any governmental or outside financial support. n68 In this
respect, the Grameen Bank aspires to be a truly  [*233]  capitalist institution,
able to sustain itself permanently on the interest it receives in return for its
loans. n69

   On the social development side, supporters point to the Sixteen Decisions as
a successful model for reinforcing the lessons learned in the course of
bootstrapping into the market. The requirement that borrowers agree to adhere to
the Sixteen Decisions in order to obtain a loan serves to remind the low-income
borrowers, in particular women, of the importance of entrepreneurialism, hard
work, business judgment and discipline. n70 Moreover, the particular values
embodied in the Sixteen Decisions reinforce a number of Western values,
including the "Protestant ethic," n71 political participation, n72 and
formality. n73 For example, greater interpersonal formality not only increases
efficiency in transactions but teaches the values of success and social
benefits, such as the respect accorded mainstream market participants. n74
Particularly important to the CED movement is the notion that participation in
the market at the neighborhood level will tap into inchoate potential for
neighborhood involvement more generally and thus result in participation in the
politics of the neighborhood community. n75 CED's emphasis on the neighborhood
as the laboratory for social renewal resonates particularly with the Bank's use
of pressure from neighbors, who know each other and expect to be involved in
[*234]  repeat transactions, n76 as a means of teaching discipline and enforcing
economically and socially appropriate behavior. n77

   B. Microcredit in the United States

 Attempts to replicate the Grameen Bank model began as early as 1986. One early
effort in the United States was by the South Shore Bank and its affiliate the
Women's Self Employment Project (WSEP), both in Chicago, Illinois. n78 By the
early 1990s, several sources, including the Bank itself, claimed that more than
100 organizations in the United States were using the Grameen model to relieve
poverty, though there were, and are, many microlenders who do not claim to use
the Grameen model and are, in fact, quite different. n79 Many of these
organizations are active participants in a self-described microenterprise
movement, which is even represented by a trade association. n80 In addition,
several organizations, including the Aspen Institute  [*235]  and Accion
International, have conducted detailed studies of U.S. microlenders and produced
numerous publications concerning best practices in microlending and
microenterprise development. n81 The Aspen Institute also provides support
services to microlenders such as feasibility studies, information about funding,
and research support. n82 In 1997, a number of leading U.S. microlenders joined
with similar institutions in developing countries to form the Microcredit
Summit, the mission of which is to use microcredit to eliminate poverty
worldwide by the year 2025. n83

   Although quite diverse, microlenders in the United States (and around the
world) share a few features. Most see themselves as lending to a population of
lower-income individuals who have difficulty obtaining credit from the
mainstream commercial lending sector. n84 Moreover, most U.S.  [*236]
microlenders lend comparatively small amounts of money for the specific purpose
of creating microenterprises. n85 The typical microlending organization is
non-profit, n86 targets a specific population of lower-income individuals
(largely focusing on women, racial minorities or both), n87 and is either urban
or rural in focus. n88 On the other hand, the programs themselves differ widely.
Some use a form of the Grameen Bank's solidarity circle or peer lending
methodology. n89 Others require physical assets as collateral for individual
loans, much like mainstream commercial lenders. n90 Still others require no
collateral or guarantees at all. n91

    [*237]  As I will discuss in greater detail below, a number of U.S.
organizations have explicitly tried to import the Grameen Bank model, either
wholesale or in part. n92 For example, the Women's Self Employment Project in
Chicago has closely followed the Grameen Bank's solidarity circle methodology.
n93 Similarly, many organizations follow the example set by the Grameen Bank's
focus on women. n94 While few organizations have explicitly integrated a social
development agenda like the Sixteen Decisions into their lending programs, many
perform social development in the form of extensive training. n95

   Perhaps the most significant difference between the typical U.S. microlender
and the Grameen Bank is that the former places a heavy emphasis  [*238]  on
training in support of microenterprise. n96 Indeed, some U.S. microlenders
identify training to be even more central to their mission than the granting of
credit. n97 In this respect, many U.S. microenterprise organizations are really
quite distinguishable from the Grameen Bank in mission and philosophy, because
whereas the Grameen Bank focuses on the granting of credit, the U.S.
organizations focus on the development of self-employment skills.

   Although this Article focuses on those organizations that describe themselves
as lending-focused and that have attempted to follow specific characteristics of
the Grameen Bank model, many of my conclusions are more broadly applicable to
training-focused organizations as well. n98 In addition, as I will discuss, even
where the programs differ in strategy or ideology from the Bank, some of my
critiques nevertheless apply to analogous strategies n99 as well as to similar
ideologies. n100

   U.S. microlenders and their observers have employed much the same rhetoric
about microcredit as is used by the Grameen Bank. n101 For example,  [*239]
microlenders emphasize the market focus of their efforts. n102 Since serious
efforts at dismantling the welfare system began during the Clinton
administration, n103 many U.S. microlenders have promoted their programs as
alternatives to other welfare-to-work programs. n104 And perhaps as much as any
other value, U.S. programs have emphasized the self-sufficiency of their own
organizations as an important and attainable goal. n105 Finally, particularly
those  [*240]  programs that target female borrowers have emphasized the
importance of the social conditioning that they are performing. A board member
of the Women's Initiative for Self-Employment in San Francisco, for example,
stated that "Once you've been able to create ... a viable home situation and a
viable person that has self-belief, confidence, money management skills, and
everything else ... in place, then you have the opportunity to create a business
that can succeed in achieving community economic development." n106

   There are both similarities and differences between the Grameen Bank's
borrowers and the borrowers targeted by U.S. programs. Both, of course, are
relatively poor and have little access to credit from other sources. n107 Both
often are seen as unsophisticated in matters of business and money. n108  [*241]
The businesses that the borrowers in the two countries establish also have some
similarities. Many are retail or service enterprises. n109

   II. Mismatched Goals and Speculative Assumptions: A Preliminary Look at
Cultural Differences Concerning Poverty and Markets

 The rosy picture of the Grameen Bank that has found its way to the United
States is no accident. It is an image that has been largely constructed by the
Bank's founder, key employees, and outside funding sources, many of whom claim
that the Grameen model is both successful and transferable world-wide. n110 This
image of a market-based response to entrenched poverty has caught the excitement
and imagination of many people around the world, including the popular press.
n111

   Unfortunately, however, the image of the Grameen Bank that the U.S. public
has imported is at best incomplete and at times quite disputable. In this
section, I describe two broad misunderstandings that have occurred in the
translation from East to West. Specifically, differences in the meaning of
markets and in conceptions of how to measure success distort the Western  [*242]
understanding of the Grameen Bank's methodology and success. I address these
differences as a preliminary matter here because they contribute to a broader
understanding of problems with translation in the United States, and even
problems of reception in Bangladesh.

   "Credit without strict discipline is nothing but charity. And charity in the
name of credit will destroy the poor, not help them. Thus credit institutions
must make sure that any loans get paid back in full, and in due time." n112 This
quotation by the founder of the Grameen Bank typifies the prevailing U.S.
understanding that the Bank is first and foremost a market-based institution. It
is an understanding that is fostered by the Bank itself. And indeed the Bank
behaves in many respects like a market-focused institution. The Bank has always
charged at least market rates of interest for commercial banks in Bangladesh.
n113 As a matter of fact, the trend, partly attributable to the Bank's efforts
to achieve financial self sufficiency, n114 seems to be toward above-market
interest rates, n115 with more recent reports showing interest rates that are
double the rates charged by commercial banks in Bangladesh. n116 The Bank is
also extraordinarily rigorous in enforcing on-time loan repayment. Sources both
internal and external to the Bank attribute the Bank's startlingly low default
rate (an average of two to five percent, as compared to the significantly higher
rate of commercial banks in Bangladesh n117) to the peer lending model, the
Bank's extensive network of loan officers whose primary focus is loan
collection, the frequency and small size of payments, and the motivational
[*243]  force on borrowers to repay on time in the hope of receiving future
credit from the Bank. n118 All of these goals, as well as many of the
techniques, typify or emulate those used by mainstream financial institutions.
n119 For example, while peer lending is atypical in the mainstream commercial
sector, the Bank and others justify its use as a substitution for physical
collateral. n120

   But the Bank goes beyond forcing upon itself the rigors of market
participation and self-sufficiency; it also claims that it applies those same
rigors to the behavior of its borrowers. In other words, the Bank claims to
measure its success as a market participant not only by its own lending
practices, but also by the success of the poor people whom it helps to
participate in the market via microenterprise. n121 I have no quarrel with the
[*244]  Bank's means of evaluating its own lending practices against the
standards of the market. I do, however, question its second claim.

   One would expect the Bank to measure its success by the number of start-up
microenterprises it successfully funded, as well as the number of such
microenterprises that lasted long enough to lift their proprietors out of
poverty more than momentarily. This, however, does not appear to be the Bank's
primary focus. n122 Instead, the Bank - and its admirers - appear to evaluate
its success vis-a-vis its borrowers by the number of loans it extends, n123 and
by increases in the nutritional levels and health of the borrowers and their
families, amounts of personal physical assets (such as changes of clothes and
land), educational level of children in the borrowers' families before and after
borrowing began and other similar criteria. n124 The Bank also tracks income
levels of borrowers and their families, claiming that its lending raises a
significant percentage of its borrowers over the poverty line. n125

    [*245]  The Bank claims that it also tracks the borrowers' microenterprises
by regularly confirming that borrowers have actually used their loan funds for
purposes of starting a particular small business (rather than diverting such
funds for a different business or for payment of dowry, purchase of land, or
other impermissible purposes). n126 However, recent studies have revealed that
the Bank only requires the chairpersons of borrower groups and other leaders in
the borrowing center to complete and update forms reporting borrowers' uses of
loan funds, that loan use is regularly misreported on such forms, and that the
center leaders and bank workers are not ignorant of such misreporting. n127
These forms are rarely verified by loan officers through visits, witness
corroboration, or other similar devices. n128 As a consequence, many of the loan
funds are not actually used for their stated purposes. n129 Moreover, according
to one study, thirty-eight percent of the time, funds in a study village were
not even used to benefit any income-producing activity, but instead were used
for explicitly impermissible purposes. n130 This level of inaccuracy leaves
serious doubt about the Bank's focus on tracking the sustainability of
microenterprises. n131

   Leaving aside the questions of what exactly the Bank's measurements of
success are and whether the Bank ought to correct these standards, this data
also suggests that those in the West interested in transferability should look
beyond the Bank's claim that it is a capitalist institution aiming to transform
the poor into entrepreneurs. They must carefully examine how the Bank determines
whether it has accomplished this goal. They should begin by questioning why the
Bank appears to measure success by what the U.S. public  [*246]  might call
social welfare indicators, rather than by market participation. n132 In fact,
the indicators that the Bank uses are the very indicators that the United States
typically has used to evaluate welfare and "maintenance" programs such as the
Aid for Families with Dependent Children and Temporary Assistance to Needy
Families n133 program. My point is this: factors that may be well-matched to
social goals reveal little about the viability of the market as the engine of
poverty reduction.

   If the ultimate goal in using the microcredit model is to alleviate poverty
through permanent income generation by means of self-employment, n134 Western
importers should consider how seriously the Grameen Bank's unique understanding
and evaluation of that goal implicates the vitality of its model in the United
States. If permanent income generation is the real measure of success vis-a-vis
borrowers, even the Bank's statistics about income levels are not nearly as
useful as information about the creation and sustainability of the
microenterprises. n135 Evidence of welfare improvement in borrowers is not an
appropriate stand-in because it may simply evidence the (temporary) benefits
from the initial infusion of capital by the Bank rather than the permanent
benefits of long-term and sustained income generation. While improved welfare
may be the ultimate goal of economic development, the particular  [*247]  focus
of microlending programs is to accomplish this goal by catalyzing sustained
income generation.

   Alternatively, Western admirers could recalibrate their goals to match those
of the Grameen Bank more closely. To do so, however, would mean abandoning the
fundamental purpose of microcredit programs - creating small businesses. Perhaps
of equal importance, to do so would mean to stray considerably from the economic
theory underlying many of the more promising and progressive historical efforts
at poverty reduction (including some of CED's efforts). n136 Some of the more
laudable initiatives for the poor have as their basis not just the goal of
increasing incomes of low-income individuals so that the national or regional
market can benefit from their spending; n137 rather, they seek to overcome
market failure by means of market participation n138 by the poor in multiple
forms, as both neighborhood shopkeepers and as empowered consumers, as both the
local work force and the local patrons. n139

   This ideology is arguably the most potent advantage that modern attempts at
poverty reduction can claim over welfare and other social "maintenance"
programs. n140 This is what neutralizes the critique that the Grameen Bank model
is just a shell for wealth redistribution. And this is why it would represent a
significant shift of objectives for these programs to measure success only by
increased nutritional levels, health, personal assets and even income levels of
its target population. n141 These are the measures that  [*248]  may
appropriately be used by social maintenance programs, and only in an ancillary
way by income generation and job creation programs. n142 Western importers must
have a means by which to measure whether their programs result in market
integration of low income individuals, as suppliers as well as consumers. n143

   In their quest for transferable models, Westerners must also consider
carefully whether the Grameen Bank's understanding of the market itself is
transferable to the inner city. Others have cautioned that the Grameen Bank and
other microlenders in developing countries might have met with much greater
success than microlenders in the United States can expect because the markets in
those countries are much less formal than those in the United States. n144
According to these other appraisals, the greater informality in those  [*249]
countries results in quicker, easier, and deeper penetration of the market by
new entrants. n145 This is so partly because the informality of both business
structures and business relationships reduces start-up costs. New entrants do
not have to learn about, or spend resources putting into place, written
contracts and other formal instruments of transaction.

   Moreover, some claim that informal markets are the dominant, or even only,
markets that exist in many of these countries. n146 In other words, there are no
large firms providing many goods and services. Thus, those microenterprises that
are successful as a result of microcredit funds are not simply benefiting from a
redistribution of wealth from larger firms to micro-firms but rather from
creation of new wealth in the context of a more robust informal market. n147 In
the language of market failure theory, these differences in markets require
critical analysis of whether, for example, new entrepreneurs in the U.S. inner
city require more information than their Bangladeshi counterparts in order to
gauge appropriate access points to even their local markets. n148 Such
information might relate to whether there are certain industries that are
dominated by larger firms in such a way as to make entry impossible or to
whether consumers would expect certain signals of formality in order to engage
in transactions with the new entrants. n149 My argument here  [*250]  is not
that the Bank is misunderstanding the nature of the market in rural Bangladesh
but rather that Western development programs cannot assume that inner city
markets have the same characteristics. n150 The nature of the market failure may
be different in each location, and thus the solutions may also diverge.

   In addition, in developing countries, at least at the regional level, there
is less reason to worry about the possibility raised by Kenneth Anderson that
microcredit creates "faux" or marginal markets for the poor and the poor only
(rather than a connection to the mainstream market). n151 In other words, the
more affluent members of the typical Bangladeshi neighborhood will be as likely
to go to the new microbusiness selling cow's milk as to a more established, but
just as small, seller of cow's milk. n152 However, this is a much more real
concern in the U.S. inner city, where more affluent members of the community
might trust only the larger, more well-established firms to provide quality
products, defined among other things as those products that meet regulatory
safety tests n153 and that have tested well with many consumers. n154 Thus, U.S.
programs cannot avoid the question of which market they seek to help the poor
join - their own marginal market or a more regional, national, or global market.
Perhaps microlenders in developing countries have been able to avoid this
question for the very reason that the informality of their local markets
obscures the enormous leaps required to join larger markets. As I will discuss
in greater detail below, U.S. programs must confront this question more
imminently, if for no other reason than that informality may be a barrier for
market entry in the inner city much earlier than it appears to be in the
developing world. n155

   My concerns about the overly hasty importation of goals find some support in
the experiences of microcredit organizations in this country. In the United
States, we have had the opportunity to conduct in-depth empirical studies of
microlending. Although the rhetoric used in discussing both the Grameen Bank
model and the income-generating potential of microcredit in the United States is
quite similar - many describe the value of microcredit as  [*251]  the potential
to create entrepreneurs by bootstrapping the poor into the market n156 - most
studies have found that microcredit has simply not generated permanent
income-producing opportunities, or microenterprises, in large numbers. n157 In
particular, microcredit in its current iteration only works for a narrow
cross-section of the welfare population. n158 A number of commentators have
concluded that microenterprise simply is not a viable solution for the very
poor. n159 In addition, the majority of microenterprises that are formed fail to
survive. n160 Perhaps most discouragingly, those microenterprises that do not
fail  [*252]  generally do not generate enough income to lift their proprietors
out of poverty. n161 Thus, even those microenterprises that succeed arguably
cannot be described as a means of permanent income generation, because their
proprietors still depend on other sources of income in order to sustain
themselves. n162

   Interestingly, many U.S. microlenders follow the Grameen Bank's example by
defining their own organizational success using market-based factors, such as
the ability of the lender to attain self-sufficiency and the amount of funds
lent. n163 Indeed the success of microlenders as market participants seems to be
the focus of much of the research generated about this industry. n164 In large
part, both the Aspen Institute and Accion International, another leading
publisher of microlending statistics, publish manuals on how to establish and
run microlending institutions. n165 Thus, it is not clear whether  [*253]
consistent and independent efforts are being made to track systematically the
success rate of U.S. microenterprises started with the aid of microcredit. n166

   III. An Empirical Look at the Three Key Features of the Grameen Bank Model

 In this section, I seek to fill in the picture of the Grameen Bank with
information from a number of empirical studies conducted by independent
economists, sociologists, and anthropologists. My hope is to provide a more
complete view of the characteristics that seem amenable to transfer to the U.S.
inner city: namely, the solidarity circle, the focus on women as lending
targets, and the Sixteen Decisions. I also review some of the empirical studies
of U.S. experiments with these factors.

   In my empirical review, I rely extensively on a limited number of studies of
the Grameen Bank that provide some disturbing information that had only been
alluded to in prior analyses. As I have suggested, I suspect that this
discrepancy in information may result partly from the independence of these
newer studies as distinguished from earlier studies, many of which were financed
by the Bank or its funding sources. n167 However, I am aware that there has thus
far been very little empirical work done pertaining to the Bank. Moreover, these
more recent studies may also reflect the biases of the researchers. Thus, my own
reliance on these studies ought to be reexamined at a later date when more
research has been completed. It is possible, for example, that some of my
conclusions will be inaccurate if later studies  [*254]  discredit some of the
studies on which I rely. At the very least, it is appropriate to take two
conclusions from this review. First, while the more recent studies may not
provide enough information by themselves to deem the Grameen Bank's program a
failure, they certainly reveal that the Bank's impact is uncertain. Second, much
more empirical analysis is necessary before we can proclaim the Bank's program a
success. n168

   A. The Solidarity Circle

   1. In Bangladesh

 Probably the most lauded innovation of the Grameen Bank model is its use of a
solidarity circle, where small groups of borrowers guarantee each other's loans
as a substitute for physical collateral. As described above, many in the United
States view this innovation as a means to retain the formality of the
requirement of collateral in a mainstream commercial lending relationship, while
reducing the costs and risks of lending by transferring the tasks of loan
screening to the borrower circle (which has more information than even a broad
network of local loan officers). n169 The solidarity circle, it is claimed, has
the added benefits of teaching the borrowers business judgment, self-confidence,
and collaboration. n170

   However, more recent studies conclude that some of the assumed benefits have
not in fact been realized. In addition, the use of the solidarity circle has
resulted in some distinct disadvantages. Perhaps most importantly, because the
Grameen Bank model solves the informational problem by relying on borrowers to
screen their own peers for participation in the solidarity circle, borrowers
regularly screen out the poorest members of their villages. n171  [*255]
Moreover, many borrowers either overtly or covertly violate the Bank's rules by
forming circles with extended family members or using extended family members to
control a number of circles. For example, one study found that, in one of the
first villages to receive aid from the Grameen Bank, most of the solidarity
circles were led by extended family members of one of the first borrowers to
form a solidarity circle in the village. n172 That borrower was a more senior
member of a large family in the village that appeared to be of higher social
status. n173 She was able to influence decisions in other borrower circles by
convincing more junior relatives to form and lead those circles. n174 This type
of influence extends not only to decisions about who should be accepted into the
circles but also to decisions about whose loan applications should be approved
and for what purposes. n175 Thus, at least in that particular study village, the
expected benefits of developing business judgment and collaboration in the
marketplace were not realized in the face of more "factional" decision making.
n176 This conundrum may very well contribute to the Bank's failure to help the
poorest of the poor.

   A second unexpected disadvantage of the solidarity circle is also one of the
greatest benefits claimed by its proponents, namely that the circle leverages
social collateral to pressure borrowers to repay their loans in order to avoid
causing friction with their neighbors, with whom they must interact for a
lifetime. It seems, however, that even the Grameen Bank did not anticipate just
how much pressure some of its borrowers would feel. A number of studies have
found that the Bank's strong enforcement of on-time repayments, even in the face
of family illnesses, deaths, natural disasters, and other extraordinary events,
translates into enormous pressure by the circle upon the individual borrower.
n177 Such studies have documented occasions on which members of a circle, when
unable to make up a borrower's delinquent payment, have taken and sold that
borrower's household items or personal assets, n178 demanded that  [*256]  the
borrower's family members make up the payment, n179 and committed violence
against the borrower. n180

   These studies have documented two frequent coping mechanisms used by
individual borrowers in order to avoid these extreme consequences, mechanisms
that conflict with the Bank's stated goals. First, borrowers use other household
assets, such as savings (including savings accounts established with the Bank),
and may sell personal and even business assets, in order to make payments on
their Grameen loans. n181 Second, borrowers who cannot resort to these reserves
recycle loans, frequently by obtaining loans informally from their relatives,
but also regularly by obtaining loans from money lenders (who can charge annual
interest of 100% to 200%) in order to meet their Grameen Bank payments. n182
This, of course, results in higher overall debt and greater financial
instability for the borrowers. n183

   2. In the United States

 Those programs in the United States that have attempted to use the solidarity
circle appear to have recognized quite early that giving borrowers the choice of
co-guarantors meant leaving the poorest out of the programs. A number of U.S.
programs have eschewed the requirement that borrowers pick their own group,
instead assigning borrowers to groups. n184 However, those programs have had to
sacrifice the notion that solidarity circle members guarantee each other's loans
on the ground that it is simply unfair to require people to guarantee the loans
of those about whom they do not have enough information. n185 Other programs
have retained the voluntary structure of circle  [*257]  formation, but they
have either dropped the guarantee requirement or have been less rigorous in
their repayment and collection procedures, thereby lessening the pressure on
co-borrowers to guarantee each other's loans. n186 Others have retained
voluntary formation and strict enforcement procedures, but have generally
provided such small loans that they arguably are not so much a source of capital
as a training program. n187 In all these examples, the lenders have interposed
themselves more extensively between the borrowers and the market, thereby
creating greater differences between their lending programs and those that the
borrowers would encounter in the mainstream commercial lending context. n188

   B. The Sixteen Decisions as Contractual Conditions

   1. In Bangladesh

 Many have praised the Sixteen Decisions and similar social development efforts
by microcredit programs as techniques for teaching, and enforcing, social norms
in the context of the financial transaction. n189 Such norms include
"self-respect," "self-reliance," and "work ethic." n190 As noted  [*258]
earlier, Grameen Bank borrowers are required to memorize and abide by the
Sixteen Decisions as a condition for receiving a loan. n191 A number of studies
have concluded that, as a result of the Bank's involvement, borrowers have been
more likely than the general population to use birth control, n192 to be more
articulate, n193 and at least to be aware of the positive effects of the
directives even if they do not actually adopt the behaviors. n194 Although some
studies have found that women's economic and social status both within their
families and in their villages has been enhanced as a result of adherence to the
Sixteen Decisions, n195 none of the studies appears to have reported on the
impact of the Bank's social development efforts on the borrowers' level of
success in market participation. Nor have they presented any correlation between
the behavioral directives and the rate of formation and sustainability of
microenterprises funded by the Bank.

   More troublesome are the suggestions from some recent studies that some
aspects of the Bank's credit and social development program contribute to an
actual and/or perceived hierarchy, with bank workers at the top and the
borrowers at the bottom. Specifically, those studies have commented that the
Bank's requirements that borrowers "chant slogans," perform physical exercises,
and call their loan officers "sir" may contribute to the hierarchical
relationship between borrowers and the Bank. n196

    [*259]  Finally, a number of studies have discovered that the borrowers do
not follow some of the most highly publicized directives, including those
prohibiting dowry and requiring the use of pit latrines. n197 The reasons given
by these studies range from bank workers' failure to act as models for the
borrowers by their overt disregard especially of the dowry directive, n198 to
the Bank's decreasing emphasis on the Sixteen Decisions in its weekly meetings
with borrowers (in favor of greater emphasis on on-time payments), n199 to the
Bank's lack of expertise in guiding the borrowers in their compliance especially
with the directive to use pit latrines. n200 In general, the picture that
emerges is that borrowers simply don't comply with those directives that are at
odds with their social or cultural norms. n201 Thus, while we in the United
States have an image of consistent social conditioning in aid of better market
participation, the truer picture of the Grameen Bank is of a more fragmented
series of experiments in social conditioning, many of which do not work - and
none of which have been proven to aid market participation. One must ask whether
the social directives were chosen by, or even acceptable to, the borrowers as a
condition of receiving loans, n202 and more broadly, whether a social
development agenda such as the Sixteen Decisions makes sense in the context of a
microlending program.

   2. In the United States

 Even those programs that claim to follow the Grameen Bank model closely have
not implemented a substantially similar version of the Sixteen Decisions. In
considering the transferability of the social development agenda of the Bank,
Western programs surely have had to ponder just how they would translate
directives such as prohibiting dowry, requiring use of pit latrines, or even
requiring year-round vegetable cultivation. Would they, for example,  [*260]
prohibit borrowers from using drugs, drinking alcohol, or eating fast food as a
condition of receiving microloans?

   Understandably, U.S. microlenders have generally avoided these difficult
questions. Instead, many U.S. programs seem to have transformed the social
development agenda into a training plan. n203 While some programs offer a
relatively extensive array of classes on business development and financial
management, many (perhaps the majority) seem more focused on behavioral or even
psychological development as a step toward market participation. n204 Thus, for
example, many programs seem to focus on helping women feel more confident about
their business ideas, become better public speakers, and so on. n205

    [*261]  It appears regularly to be the case that many of these programs fail
to articulate whether market participation is indeed the ultimate goal of their
training efforts. As I have described, there is evidence that U.S. programs have
followed the Grameen Bank's example by measuring the success of their training
(and lending) efforts by the use of social maintenance criteria, including such
fuzzy standards as greater business knowledge, more self confidence, and more
stability. n206 It is also unclear whether the tremendous resources spent on
training by U.S. programs have in fact led to greater market participation. n207
The low rate of successful microenterprise creation suggests little correlation.
Finally, it is unclear, as it is in Bangladesh, whether the borrowers who go to
U.S. programs for credit in fact get what they requested.

   C. Women as Lending Targets

   1. In Bangladesh

 A third much-lauded characteristic of the Grameen Bank's program is its focus
on women as lending targets. Some have noted that the Bank's decision to target
women serves the purpose of formalizing the informal economy, because a far
greater percentage of female workers participate in the informal economy than in
the formal economy. n208 Others in the United States  [*262]  have also
commented approvingly that the Bank's focus on women adds a positive social
development facet to the Bank's capitalist agenda. n209 According to this view,
women, more than men, benefit from the Bank's efforts to teach the poor socially
and economically appropriate behavior. n210

   While consistently expressing a desire to empower women in the course of its
economic development efforts, n211 the founder of the Grameen Bank has also
articulated another explanation: "Given the opportunity to fight against poverty
and hunger women turn out to be natural and better fighters than men." n212 The
Bank claims that, after lending equally to male and female borrowers in its
early years of operation, the Bank began to target women because it found that
women used household resources more selflessly, resulting in a greater increase
in nutritional levels, health, and income of the female borrowers' families than
those of the male borrowers. n213

   A number of recent studies have focused on the gender issue. While their
findings do not generally contradict the Bank's conclusions that "women are
natural and better fighters," some of these studies have concluded that the
familial benefits from women's borrowing activities are often attained directly
at the expense of the women's empowerment, however that is defined. n214  [*263]
Specifically, several studies have noted that lending to women results in higher
rates of repayment precisely because women are easier to control than male
borrowers. n215 Rahman, for example, has quoted bank workers as saying that
women are "shy," "submissive," and "immobile," making it easier to keep track of
and discipline them for errant behavior, whereas men are "arrogant,"
argumentative, and have even threatened bank workers. n216 Rahman concludes that
two additional cultural norms dovetail with the Bank's collection-related goals.
First, women's lack of options outside of marriage precludes them from fleeing
their homes and villages when they default on loans. n217 Second, gender
expectations impose on women, much more than men, the burden of maintaining
their families' honor and avoiding shame. n218 Rahman tells of a defaulting
female borrower who was locked by bank workers inside a bank building as
punishment and infers from his interviews of the villagers that, had a man been
punished in the same way, it would not have affected his social position in the
village. However, because the woman faced shame, social ostracism, and violence,
she hanged herself inside the bank building. n219

   According to Rahman and other recent studies, women were also disempowered
through the lending process because their husbands or other male members of
their families often used the women's loan funds for their own personal or
business purposes. n220 Rahman found in his sample that women retained full or
partial control of their loans only twenty-two percent of the  [*264]  time,
n221 despite the Bank's claims that it tracks funds in order to ensure that the
borrowers use them for their own income-generating activities. The Grameen Bank
imposes formal liability for repayment only on the borrowers, and not also on
those family members who actually use the loan funds. n222

   Rahman found that this dual imposition on women, from their male family
members as well as from the Bank, can put women in a much more vulnerable
position than they had been prior to receiving the opportunity to borrow from
the Bank. His study found that women are regularly coerced by male family
members to join the Bank as borrowers and are pressured by both family members
and bank workers to repay loans on time, but are nonetheless often excluded from
income-generating opportunities. n223 Disturbingly, in his study, fifty-seven
percent of female borrowers reported an increase in "verbal aggression" after
joining the Bank and an additional thirteen percent reported an increase in both
"verbal aggression" and "physical assault." n224

   2. In the United States

 A large number of U.S. programs that claim to replicate the Grameen Bank model
also have chosen to focus exclusively or largely on women, n225 often expressing
a desire to follow the Grameen Bank's goal of empowering women economically,
socially, and politically. Indeed, there is regularly an explicit assumption
that women, more than men, need the business training and confidence building
that some microlenders claim to specialize in providing. n226 A number of these
programs have claimed tremendous success. n227 However, it  [*265]  is not clear
that any studies have yet determined whether the problems found in Bangladesh
have also surfaced in the United States. Given the alarming results found by
Rahman's study in particular, such a task is clearly necessary. While the
particular forms of coercion and vulnerability in the United States may be
different, the Grameen Bank experience suggests that those designing such
programs should be conscious of the risk, particularly in light of the pressures
that impoverished women in the United States already face. n228

   U.S. microlenders must also inquire whether the majority culture in the
United States similarly imposes upon poor women unstated assumptions that they
are natural and better fighters against poverty, and if so why. Furthermore,
while the Grameen Bank may be comfortable with its decision to contribute to
social norms that reify gender stereotyping, U.S. microlenders should be
considerably less sanguine about perpetuating socialized gender roles. n229

[*266]

   IV. The Model's Structural Failures

 In this section, I posit that the solidarity circle, the Sixteen Decisions, and
the focus on women have been the subject of so much attention because they
appear to solve three structural problems that the development community (both
here and abroad) perennially endeavors to fix. These three problems are market
failure, lack of transactional formality, and cultural hegemony (or, put in the
negative, a failure of development programs to incorporate indigenous values).
However, the Bank's model consistently fails to solve the three structural
problems; in fact, the model actually exacerbates one of them.

   A. Market Failure

 Simply defined, market failure occurs when one or more of the conditions for a
functioning market are missing. Economists define a perfectly functioning market
as one characterized by many buyers and sellers, homogeneous products, perfect
knowledge, no entry or exit barriers, and no transaction costs. n230 When one or
more of these assumptions diverges greatly from reality, certain transactions
that would result in a net economic benefit simply do not occur, resulting in
what economists call market failure. Those who have examined inner city
economies broadly concur that such economies are fraught with market failure.
n231 For example, often there are very few sellers even of basic items such as
food, n232 extraordinary limitations in knowledge of sellers who either ignore
or do not know the needs of inner city buyers, n233 and tremendous barriers to
market entry by members of the local community. n234

   Similarly, there is a consensus that the inner city market for credit has
failed. n235 Many attribute the cause of market failure at least in part to the
enormous inefficiencies experienced by mainstream commercial institutions that
try to make small loans to inner city borrowers. n236 These inefficiencies
[*267]  result when the costs expended in obtaining information needed to
determine whether a borrower is a credit risk outweigh the returns on tiny
loans. n237 Informational problems arise not just in the initial screening
decision but also in the context of monitoring loan repayment and enforcement.
n238 Because lenders cannot rely on the availability of physical collateral
through which to recoup a loan upon default, the lenders' costs of monitoring
loan repayment increase. n239 Similarly, because lenders do not have the
perceived ease of judicial enforcement by means of asset foreclosure, they must
use less swift and efficient enforcement techniques. n240 The problem is
compounded by usury laws prohibiting banks from charging even the rates of
interest now charged by the Grameen Bank. n241

    [*268]  Both here and abroad, discussions about the causes of, and the
solutions for, the credit market's inaccessibility to the poor are ubiquitous.
Programmatic efforts to remedy market failure in the inner city market for
credit have varied and are ongoing. These include the federal Community
Reinvestment Act n242 and the community development banking movement. n243
Members of the CED movement have regularly contributed to these efforts. For
example, Professor Simon discusses at length the problem of "market limitations"
as concerning problems of "incentives, information, and coordination." n244 Some
Law and Economics analyses have contributed to these efforts as well. n245
Overseas, Western developers, particularly in the Law and Development movement,
have participated in a parallel set of discussions, even when the programmatic
conclusions differ greatly. n246

   It should be little wonder, then, that early reports about the solidarity
circle were a beacon of hope for development economists. The solidarity circle
appeared to solve seemingly intractable informational problems. n247 First, by
assigning borrowers the task of screening loan applicants, the circle appeared
to allow the lender to take advantage of the greater knowledge that borrowers in
a community have of each other's character and trustworthiness, knowledge that
even a local institution with many employees cannot expect to have. n248 Again,
such knowledge is useful both in the initial screening decision  [*269]  and in
the course of monitoring and enforcing compliance with loan terms. n249 Second,
the solidarity circle appeared to help the lender overcome coordination and
incentive problems, and to reduce transaction costs further, by facilitating the
lender's ability to make numerous small loans within a single neighborhood. The
lender should thereby be able to take advantage of close associations,
references from current borrowers about new ones, and similar networks. n250 In
other words, a lender should be able to recoup its initial investment of
employees and branch location by penetrating a particular market deeply. n251

   In the United States, however, the solidarity circle, where used, has failed
to fulfill its promise to solve the structural problem of market failure. This
result is quite predictable. Even where the manipulation of local knowledge
networks increases lender information in the inner city credit market, there are
several additional informational and cost-related gaps that are left unfilled.
First, the solidarity circle solves only part of the lender's informational
problem. In order to complete a mainstream commercial loan transaction
successfully, a lender must not only have information about its borrower's
character and reputation, but also must be able to assess whether the borrower's
business is likely to succeed. The Grameen Bank and some U.S. commentators claim
that the solidarity circle solves this part of the informational problem as
well: The circle saves the lender the trouble of screening anything about the
borrower - character or business plan - because the lender can recoup its loans
from the other borrowers in the circle. n252 Thus, these other borrowers are the
ones who must obtain information about each other's businesses, and advocates of
the circle strategy claim that participation in the circle develops the
necessary business judgment in borrowers to do just that. n253 Unfortunately,
this altruistic prediction has not come to pass.

    [*270]  Even leaving aside more recent studies of the Grameen Bank that
suggest that borrowers screen each other on grounds other than business plans
(or even trustworthiness), U.S. experiments have reached much more mixed
conclusions about whether borrowers can acquire the necessary business judgment
to perform this piece of the screening function. n254 This result should come as
no surprise, given the extraordinary complexity of running a business in this
country. n255 Thus, in transferring the solidarity circle to the inner city,
U.S. programs will have to face the possibility that the circle will reduce only
the costs of obtaining information about borrowers' trustworthiness, and not
about the strength of their business plans. n256

   The difficulties of transforming communal character judgments into sound
business assessments aside, the benefits gained by leaving to borrowers the
tasks of screening and monitoring each other must be weighed against the
potential exclusion of the poorest and most marginal members of the community -
whose creditworthiness will find few advocates. Indeed, a number of commentators
have concluded that microlending is not an answer for the poorest members of
society; n257 hence, those who describe microlending as a more comprehensive
solution n258 must investigate whether the Grameen  [*271]  Bank's inability to
sweep the poorest within its net will be replicated in the U.S. inner city.

   Solving these informational problems, however, reaches only one side of the
market failure - the lender's informational problems. The solidarity circle does
not address the second set of informational problems: the increased
transactional costs imposed by the circle methodology on the borrowers. In other
words, the lender's reduced transactional costs (and risk) are transferred
directly to the borrowers in the solidarity circle, n259 who are required to
spend time and resources in peer group meetings, learning each other's
businesses, and monitoring each other's compliance. n260 At the very least, this
creates inefficiency in the borrower's participation in the lending process.
Additionally, the increased costs are imposed on those least able to afford
them. n261

   Should inefficiency on this side of the lending equation matter? The answer
necessarily implicates the goals of those who are interested in microlending in
the United States. If the goal is only to increase investment, by mainstream
institutions or by a new class of non-profit organizations (such as community
development corporations) in the inner city, then the remainder of my analysis
may be superfluous. So long as lenders either accept or overcome the added costs
necessary to solve my first market failure concern (that of screening borrowers'
business plans), then success may be claimed. However, the goal should be much
more ambitious: poverty reduction by means of increased access by the poor to
the market. And where credit is concerned, such poverty reduction results from
the process of providing credit to inner city residents in order to spur them
into market participation through microenterprise development. Therefore, the
development community should be concerned about the link between the imposition
of non-mainstream transaction costs on low-income borrowers and the failure rate
of their micro-businesses. In other words, it is quite plausible that
microcredit borrowers, both in Bangladesh and in the United States, may have
more difficulty maintaining their small businesses because they are confronted
with added  [*272]  costs in the lending process that are simply not faced by
mainstream borrowers. n262

   In addition to higher transaction costs, the solidarity circle imposes
another distinct burden on low-income borrower-entrepreneurs. By imposing joint
liability through its guarantee requirement, the solidarity circle strategy may
hinder borrowers from taking the risks that mainstream businesses can readily
assume. Specifically, the possibility of repaying the loans of another circle
member eliminates the benefit of limited liability that is the lynchpin of
American corporate law. n263 The solidarity circle strategy thus comprehensively
inhibits risk-taking behavior in an entire segment of the commercial population,
which may in reality contribute to market failure. n264

   Relatedly and perhaps most importantly, there is nothing inherent in the
solidarity circle strategy that solves the information, incentive, and
coordination problems for the borrowers as entrepreneurs, as distinguished from
the informational problems of lenders and borrowers in the lending process.
This, then, is the third aspect of market failure that the solidarity circle
fails to solve. In other words, informational and other gains for the lender
(and even the borrower) in the lending process do not necessarily translate into
gains for the borrowers as they attempt to form and maintain small businesses.
To the extent the Grameen Bank has addressed this concern, it has done so by the
rather simplistic assumption that the business acumen and financial knowledge
gained by borrowers through their participation in  [*273]  solidarity circles
will have the collateral effect of teaching borrowers how to maintain their own
small businesses. n265

   At the very least, this assumption cries out for empirical evaluation. It is
not at all clear that by learning how to obtain a loan, would-be entrepreneurs
will also learn how to do market analyses concerning the viability of their
products or services, acquire the skills necessary to produce their goods or
provide their services, learn how to market their goods or services, or acquire
the myriad other skills required to maintain even a tiny enterprise. n266 If,
like many Grameen Bank borrowers, inner-city U.S. borrowers fail to learn how to
craft a loan commensurate with their repayment abilities, then they too risk the
difficulties resulting from borrowing too much in the face of uncertainty,
thereby risking loss of savings and debt recycling. n267

   A notable attempt to remedy this third aspect of market failure may be those
U.S. programs that are more training focused. These programs, which appear
increasingly to dominate the U.S. microenterprise industry, n268 might very well
succeed in remedying some of the information problems of new
micro-entrepreneurs. n269 Their success, however, may come at the expense of the
efficiencies claimed by the Grameen Bank and other lending-focused programs.
n270 Moreover, their success will effectively have proven the inefficacy in the
United States of the Grameen Bank model, which eschews training on grounds that
indigenous instincts are the key to successful market integration of the poor.

   These hurdles will be even more difficult to overcome if the goal of market
integration means integration into more than a highly localized market. n271
Posner, in positing a theory of "primitive society," sets out a number  [*274]
of assumptions concerning economic transactions in such societies. n272 Some of
his assumptions resonate with CED's assumptions about the makings of market
failure. To use Posner's vocabulary, the development community will have to
examine whether the solidarity circle strategy results first in a greater
variety of goods produced, and second in a broader circle of trading, than a
highly localized economy can support. n273 In other words, new entrepreneurs
will have to obtain market data about a more complex regional or even national
economy in order to test the profitability of their products or services, and so
on. n274 If Posner is correct, this will require more than additional effort,
hard work, and even information. Rather, in order to support this level of
participation, new entrepreneurs will have to be able to access some of the
formal systems and rights (such as intellectual property rights) propounded by
Law and Development theory. n275 This, then, is a fourth piece of the market
failure problem: The inaccessibility of these formal rights adds insurmountable
transaction costs and may be a barrier to market entry for many
microentrepreneurs.

   U.S. microlenders, including those involved in the CED movement, might have
hoped and assumed that some of the gaps that I have described above could be
filled by the social development piece of the Grameen Bank model. In order to
serve this function, however, one would expect the "social" development agenda
to be more focused on market values. In other words, it would seem more useful
to teach the values of business development rather than the values of social
development. As I have described earlier, however, this is neither the focus of
the Grameen Bank nor of a significant number of U.S. replications. n276 At best,
then, proponents of a Grameen-style social development agenda can only claim
collateral benefits in producing market-enhancing behavior. Seen in this light,
neither the Sixteen Decisions nor any other aspect of the Grameen strategy
solves the second and third market failure gaps identified above. n277 To borrow
again from Law and Economics  [*275]  vocabulary, the model does little to
increase commensurability in economic decision-making by low-income individuals.
In other words, it fails to teach would-be entrepreneurs enough business
judgment to be able to compare the consequences of different economic
alternatives, thereby establishing a necessary condition to economically
rational (and participatory) behavior. Simply put, it fails to teach the poor
how better to maximize their wealth.

   It does not appear that the Grameen Bank has found a way in which to reduce
transaction costs for borrowers. Indeed, the Bank's strategy relies in important
respects on inconvenience as a motivational tool for participation and on-time
payment. n278 Further, the Grameen Bank does not fill the informational and
other gaps that serve to bar market participation in the form of successful
entrepreneurship. In fact, with respect to this latter gap, the Bank claims that
it is an important part of its strategy to leave questions about market
participation (including product and business development) to the borrowers to
sort out. n279 This may indeed be a successful strategy in Bangladesh (though
again we do not have the research to support this conclusion fully). But it
would be irresponsible indeed not to question it anew before importing it to the
United States. n280

   Finally, as a means of fixing market failure, the Grameen Bank's focus on
women seems at best superfluous, and at worst a drawback. If the Grameen Bank is
a good case study, then the only market-related benefit of this gendered
strategy redounds to the lender, who can more easily "control" the behavior of
female borrowers than male borrowers. Thus, while it may be a laudable social
goal to make the market more accessible to female participants, it has not been
claimed (nor can it be easily proven) that a focus on women (to the exclusion of
male entrepreneurs who currently also lack access to the market) would result in
greater poverty reduction through a higher level of market participation. n281
In other words, while women may be "natural and better fighters" against poverty
because they are more likely to use household resources for the benefit of the
family, there is no reason to believe that women are natural and better
entrepreneurs who will be more capable of closing the information gap and
overcoming other market-based hurdles. Moreover,  [*276]  unless the goal is to
create a new women-only market, the focus only on female entrepreneurs imposes
an additional division between the borrowing program and participation in a full
and free market. n282 As I discuss in the following section, such a division
runs the risk of creating a false sense of participation in the market. n283 In
addition, even as an interim measure, it creates differences between the market
for the poor created by microenterprise programs and a broader market, thereby
potentially making entry into the latter market even more difficult. n284

   In addition, U.S. microlenders might do well to consider whether it is
programmatically appropriate to impose solely on women the burden of poverty
reduction through the rigorous process of market participation. Again, the
historical assumption that women are the primary caretakers of children in U.S.
society dovetails perhaps too easily with similar assumptions by the Grameen
Bank. In the United States, this assumption is well documented. n285 Given this
reality, U.S. microlenders might find that a larger percentage of their
borrowers are women even if microlenders do not make extra efforts to target
them. By doing so, however, microlenders are, purposefully or not, perpetuating
cultural gender roles. Certainly, this is not justified by economic theory about
the causes and cures for market failure. n286

   Unfortunately, rather than attempting directly to address specific causes of
market failure, industry studies of microlending in the United States have
focused more and more on testing the ability of microlenders, rather than
micro-borrowers, to attain self-sufficiency. n287 At the very least, more
empirical work is required in order to understand the benefits and disadvantages
of microcredit as a strategy for avoiding market failure.

   Such empirical work must be supplemented with more careful theoretical
analysis of market failure. Currently, theoretical assumptions about the
economics of market failure are ubiquitously made without a clear  [*277]
indication of whether such economics apply in Bangladesh or in the United
States. I suspect this is because the development community assumes that causes
of market failure around the world are universal and can be generalized. n288
Thus, attempts by U.S. programs to transfer the model to the very different
economy in the United States are made more difficult by the lack of clarity
concerning the economics of market failure in the United States versus in
Bangladesh. n289

   B. Formal Participation in the Market

 A second structural problem that development thinkers both here and abroad seek
to solve is that of teaching the poor formal market participation. This
structural problem arises because another pervasive goal of the development
community is to integrate the poor into the same market as that in which the
middle and upper classes participate. Thus, while it is acknowledged that the
poor participate in the "informal economy" in large numbers, n290 the goal here
is to teach the poor the more efficient forms of market participation inherent
in the formal transactions engaged in by mainstream society. Economists might
view this second structural conundrum as part of the systemic market failure
that occurs in the inner city, in that the costs to borrowers of transacting
business in the mainstream market are prohibitively high. n291 Other development
thinkers might see it as a broader, more systemic cousin of market failure. As I
discussed earlier, market failure, while clearly systemic, can be thought of as
a breakdown in one or more of several relatively well-defined characteristics of
a functioning market. However, some development thinkers acknowledge that, even
if there were a highly localized and informal market with many lower-income
buyers and sellers, homogenous products, breadth of knowledge, limited barriers
to market entry, and limited transaction costs, there might still be additional
barriers preventing the poor from moving beyond that market to integrate into
the more formal market of the middle and upper classes.

   For reasons that I will discuss shortly, the development community in the
United States has focused less directly on overcoming this more diffuse
structural problem. By contrast, in the Third World context, the Law and
Development movement has explored it at great length, in considering both the
greater impoverishment of Third World nations vis-a-vis the West, as well as the
plight of the poor vis-a-vis the more well off in those nations. At its
inception in the 1960s, the Law and Development movement sought to export to the
developing world the twin strategies of capitalism and democracy as a means of
"catching up" developing countries to the status enjoyed by the First  [*278]
World. n292 After significant reevaluation of its mission in the 1970s, n293 the
movement reemerged in the 1990s as an important locus for discussions about a
more inclusive yet still market-focused path to development. n294

   Perhaps the most specific embodiment of theories that address this diffuse
problem is a broad, indeed unifying, principle underlying the Law and
Development movement: that the "Rule of Law," broadly defined, catalyzes
economic development. In its most simplified (and idealized) form, a system
characterized by the Rule of Law might be described as one governed by a
comprehensive set of legal rules, imposed on governmental and non-governmental
actors alike, and enforced by independent arbiters exercising as little
discretion as possible. n295 The Law and Development movement assumes that
economic development toward a more efficient market occurs where the law is used
predictably and consistently to protect rights that otherwise would be protected
informally, and thus less efficiently. n296 Perhaps the most fundamental "right"
that the Law and Development movement seeks to protect formally is ownership of
private property. n297 However, this Article focuses predominantly on the
importance of clear, unambiguous contracts, rather than on the creation and
protection of private property rights. Integral to the efficiency of formal
property and contractual rights is the ability to assert and  [*279]  enforce
these rights under a set and predictable rule of law. In other words,
transactional formality assumes that a party who has been damaged by a breach of
contract will have the ability to enforce that contract, and to do so in an
independent and transparent forum. n298 Even more basically, transactional
formality assumes transparency concerning whether a contract actually exists and
what each party's rights are pursuant to the contract. n299

   The most articulate spokesperson for development efforts to help the poor
overcome informality is Hernando De Soto, who has argued that, by formalizing
ownership of property, developing countries can overcome the "mystery of
capital." De Soto claims that, by representing title to property in a simple
legal document, that property can be used by the poor for purposes beyond just
its physical purpose. In his words, "Any asset whose economic and social aspects
are not fixed in a formal property system is extremely hard to move in the
market ... . [This is] why the exchange of most assets outside the West is
restricted to local circles of trading partners." n300

   In the United States, it is hard to find programmatic efforts that focus
directly on solving the informality problem, despite the proliferation of street
vendors and other informal workers especially in urban areas. n301 Nonetheless,
some members of the CED and Law and Economics movements have incorporated
rhetoric about formality in their prescriptions for the poor, rhetoric which
reflects certain aspects of the Rule of Law. n302 With regard to the second
structural problem, then, there is a divergence in programmatic efforts between
Western developers overseas and the development community in the United States.
In addition, there is a divergence between rhetoric and programmatic efforts in
the United States.

   Yet, the limited number of explicit references to formality in U.S.
development circles, in my view, does not mean that U.S. development thinkers
find formality to be unimportant in economic transactions. On the contrary, the
apparent silence about formality evidences an implicit and  [*280]  foundational
assumption that formality not only is important to economic efficiency, but in
fact already exists almost everywhere in the United States. Consequently, the
Law and Development movement has often adopted the United States as a model
country for illustrating the importance of the Rule of Law to an economic
infrastructure.

   Furthermore, the programmatic emphasis on training in the United States can
be reasonably interpreted as an alternative strategy for addressing the very
same problem of formalized market participation that the development community
is trying to solve in the Third World. Thus, by teaching everything from
accounting skills to self-confidence, U.S. programs attempt to teach the poor
how to participate in the mainstream and formal market economy. In short, both
here and abroad, the development community is looking for creative new solutions
to the same intractable problem.

   Just as the Grameen Bank model has been heralded for solving the problem of
market failure, the model has also been applauded for integrating the poor into
the market by teaching them how to run their own small businesses. But here,
too, the success of the Bank's model is marginal. n303

   The Grameen Bank model's shortcoming in teaching market participation,
however, is of a different sort than in the case of market failure. The
shortcoming is not that the Bank's model fails to fix a problem that the Bank
claims it can fix. Rather, it is that the development community wrongly assumes
that the model will teach the poor the rules of formal market participation when
in fact the Bank's practices, as some of its own literature acknowledges, teach
the opposite. While it is almost inconceivable that the development community
has not really recognized this, the reason appears to be a reflexive assumption
that the Bank will inevitably achieve its professed goal of market integration
according to the rules that, in recent years, have been well-mapped - indeed
well-established - by the Law and Development movement abroad (and the Law and
Economics movement here). Among these rules is a move toward greater
transactional formality. As I will show, however, it appears that the Bank
simply has not been playing by the same rules. Thus, while it claims - as one of
its goals and achievements - the integration of the poor into the market, the
Bank does not profess to follow the same path to market integration, or indeed a
path to the same market, n304 as its Western admirers might expect.

   In analyzing the model's failure to solve this second structural problem, I
will focus on its failure to increase transactional formality. I do so with what
is in my view a well-founded assumption that this analysis is relevant to U.S.
efforts to transfer the model. This is so, first, because we ought to pay
attention to the effect of greater informality on a system (i.e., the  [*281]
U.S. economy) that assumes formality. n305 And second, as I will demonstrate,
some of my critiques apply equally to such U.S. programmatic efforts to
accomplish market integration as training.

   Rule of Law principles would hold that parties to a clear and unambiguous
written contract will behave more rationally and efficiently in an economic
transaction than will parties who do not have a written contract, because the
parties with a written contract will better be able to predict each other's
behavior and the outcome of a transaction. n306 Perhaps most importantly,
predictability is related to efficiency as it allows parties to leverage their
assets with less risk.

   Under the Rule of Law construct, the formalization of credit transactions
plays a critical role in increasing the efficiency of, and access to, markets.
It is through the loan transaction that the value of a physical asset expands
from its physical utility to the owner to its utility as collateral. n307
Moreover, it is the loan transaction that creates the leverage necessary to
generate what De Soto describes as the "surplus value" of capital. n308 The
logic here is that, to the extent a transaction can be effectuated pursuant to
the most simple and transparent set of rules, consistently applied, and enforced
without need of interpretation or discretion, information and other transaction
costs are reduced, confidence is inspired, and thus efficiency is increased.
n309 In the loan transaction, the medium through which these benefits are
obtained is the loan agreement. The more objective and simple that document is,
the easier it should be to enforce, and the more transparent and efficient the
loan transaction should be.

   Thus, one would expect development thinkers both here and in developing
countries to develop simple, enforceable, written n310 contracts to effectuate
credit transactions. The Grameen Bank's model does the opposite. n311 From the
perspective of increasing formality, the first troubling aspect of the Grameen
Bank model is its imposition of the Sixteen Decisions, particularly the
requirement that borrowers recite the Sixteen Decisions by memory to the  [*282]
loan officer as one of the conditions precedent to receiving a loan. n312 A
range of difficulties inheres in imposing this type of social development agenda
in the context of providing a financial service. The first is quite practical:
In order to maintain the formality of the transaction, the social development
requirements would naturally have to be included in the loan agreement in the
form of contractual conditions. This would mean including in a financial
services agreement the cultural equivalents of the Bank's directives prohibiting
dowry and requiring use of pit latrines. Such a contract would be difficult to
draft n313 and virtually impossible to enforce. It boggles the mind to think how
a court could or should interpret - let alone enforce - such behavioral
requirements. Would standards of reasonable behavior and best efforts suffice in
judging borrowers' compliance with a requirement that they, for example, refrain
from more than two drinks per day? These problems get worse as the conditions
become more abstract (e.g. "work hard" or "be disciplined"). n314 Moreover, the
greater costs of drafting and of enforcement would add transaction costs
atypical of mainstream transactions. n315

   There is very little precedent in mainstream transactions for requiring
non-business related behavioral changes in the form of conditions or
consideration. n316 Given the Grameen Bank's practice of lending money at
[*283]  market or even above-market rates of interest, it does not seem
far-fetched to describe such social conditioning requirements in a loan
agreement as imposing a double standard. The poor have to do more for their
loans, which are below-market in size and above-market in interest rate. n317

   One justification for imposing this double standard might be that it is
market-driven, in that lenders, even non-profit microlenders, will not lend to
the poor if their only protection comes in the form of market interest rates and
business-related conditions, unless such conditions are so burdensome that they
could never be met by would-be entrepreneurs. In other words, the argument in
support of behavioral conditions, as opposed to business conditions, may simply
be that the poor have an easier chance of complying with them. At the very
least, this assumption ought to be tested. Given the studies about the Grameen
Bank's questionable success in its social development agenda, and the costs of
enforcement, it is not at all clear that such conditions would be easier to
impose and enforce. n318

   U.S. microlenders have avoided including conditions like the Sixteen
Decisions in their loan transactions. Instead, their behavioral conditioning
comes in the form of training, usually as a prerequisite to obtaining a loan.
n319 However, the difficulties that I have outlined above apply equally to those
lenders whose training addresses problems such as self-confidence. n320 In
addition, even inclusion of business training as a condition of obtaining a loan
does not fully obviate the problem of increasing formal participation. The point
is that these conditions are still different from those required of mainstream
borrowers. n321

   Many of these questions are equally applicable to the solidarity circle,
which also serves to thwart transactional formality. On the surface, the  [*284]
solidarity circle may appear to mimic mainstream transactional concepts such as
guarantees and joint liability. n322 However this analogy breaks down upon
closer inspection. In effect, the solidarity circle replaces the need for
physical collateral with "social collateral." n323 The power of the solidarity
circle is precisely the ability of members to enforce repayment by means of
informal pressure. Practically speaking, this means that members of the circle
use their relational ties (and the verbal and potentially physical pressures
that accompany them) in place of the loan collection strategies that a
mainstream lender would employ pursuant to its contract, such as default
notices, debt acceleration, asset foreclosure and related judicial remedies.
n324 In other words, the solidarity circle creates a pocket of informality
within the formal loan transaction. n325

   Whatever U.S. admirers of the Bank's model may have been expecting, it is
clear that the Bank itself chose this device precisely because of its informal
and non-transparent character. The founder of the Bank extols the fact that the
Bank does not use any written loan documentation at all as a virtue of the
Bank's model, claiming that the Bank operates on trust rather than on legal
rights. n326 More recent studies suggest, however, that the Bank operates
neither on trust nor legal rights, but rather on the ability to leverage peer
pressure (and the resulting shame, ostracism, and threats) to the point of
eliminating its borrowers' options to do anything but repay.

   Again, if U.S. programs choose not to import this level of informality, but
nonetheless want to maintain something resembling the solidarity circle, then
they will have to face the difficulty of translating the circle methodology into
loan documentation. Will a certain level of pressure be acceptable? What will
the remedies be if arms are broken as a means of enforcing payment?

   And, equally important, who will enforce these remedies? If it is to be the
courts, then U.S. programs will have to define informality to some extent so
that courts know what to enforce. In the context of rotating credit
associations, Professor Lan Cao argues convincingly that, to leverage
informality to its maximum capacity, courts should leave enforcement entirely in
the hands of the local community. n327 To do so, however, risks the types of
vigilante justice discovered by some of the recent studies of the Grameen
[*285]  Bank. n328 In this regard, U.S. programs will essentially be choosing
between informality and the predictability and transparency that are the
(idealized) hallmark of the U.S. legal system.

   These problems aside, it is highly questionable whether this informal means
of enforcement could result in penetration of the mainstream market; it is not
one that would inspire confidence by mainstream commercial institutions. n329
Thus, if U.S. microlenders choose to import social conditioning and the
solidarity circle, then they must face the distinct possibility that the final
product of their efforts will be an alternative credit market for the poor, the
standards of which are quite different from those imposed on other businesses.
By importing social development into their microcredit contracts, microlenders
risk "muddying" their market-focused lessons. n330 By further capitalizing on
the unpredictability and lack of transparency of the solidarity circle device,
they prevent the poor from turning to formal legal institutions to enforce
bargained-for rights.

   Moreover, devices such as these fail to teach market participation by
example, which is purportedly one of the major goals of microlending both in
Bangladesh and in the United States. n331 Consider the difficulties faced by
graduates of microlending programs such as these when they first seek loans in
the mainstream credit market. Quite literally, they will face a completely new
set of rules for which they are completely unprepared. Indeed, if the real goal
of microlenders is to change the social behavior of borrowers, then it is hard
to classify their interest in borrowers as commercial at all. Following this
logic, microlenders would essentially have created a more politically palatable
form of social welfare - one that disguises economic maintenance as market
participation. n332

    [*286]  Lastly, from the perspective of market integration, the Grameen
Bank's focus on women as lending targets is only marginally useful, but
potentially quite damaging. The greatest opportunity for mischief results from
the combination of a formal loan document (in which the female borrower is
solely liable to the microlender), the informal solidarity circle (in which
female borrowers are subject to social pressures), and whatever unregulated
additional social pressures the female borrowers are subjected to at home
(including confiscation of loan funds by family members). It seems particularly
egregious to single out female borrowers to attain the goal of integrating poor
women and men into the mainstream market. Indeed, one has to wonder whether
these efforts are in fact decreasing options for women (as they arguably are in
Bangladesh), rather than fulfilling their purported goal of creating more
opportunities for women to participate in the mainstream economy. n333

   C. Social and Political Perspectives

 If, as I posited in the last section, U.S. microlenders are going to be forced
to choose between informality on the one hand and predictability and
transparency on the other as they consider importing the Grameen Bank model,
then one might at least hope that the model would capitalize on the benefits of
informality. And indeed, U.S. admirers of the model have associated its
informality with its ability to solve a third major structural problem of
development - that of cultural hegemony. Development thinkers both here and
abroad have for several decades recognized the importance of incorporating local
values and habits as a means of increasing the chances that their programs will
be adopted and sustained in new contexts. n334

   From their perspective, the Bank accomplishes indigenousness "beautifully,'
both in origin and in its ability to capture the indigenous behaviors of the
target population. n335 For example, by using peer pressure as a  [*287]
repayment mechanism, the Bank appears to incorporate, and indeed to rely on,
local values and cultural judgments about respectable behavior. The media has
reinforced the notion that the model was completely homegrown. Examples abound.
A local stool-maker inspired the Bank's founder to lend tiny amounts of money.
n336 The bank developed the solidarity circle in response to the local condition
of landless poverty. n337 The solidarity circle capitalizes on local notions of
shame. n338 The Sixteen Decisions were developed by borrowers at a national
conference. n339 The development community takes the indigenousness of the model
as an unquestioned fact. Thus, even if the model's informality impedes
integration into mainstream markets, at least the model might catalyze some
forms of market behavior that would "stick" long enough to benefit the local
population.

   As such, the model appears to be a significant improvement over the "one size
fits all" development models exported by the Law and Development movement in its
early years. n340 The model further appears progressive, modern, and even
post-colonial as it takes into account the different perspectives of the
respective target population. This deference to indigenousness, one might
assume, makes the model more likely to succeed. It not only avoids the costs
associated with cultural translation, n341 it also does not appear to be an
externally imposed program. The target population is thus more likely to welcome
and accept the model and will actually want the benefits flowing from successful
use of the model. n342 Moreover, although the model was developed specifically
for, and to a certain extent by, poor Bangladeshis, n343 some in the West
[*288]  apparently also assume that poor people in this country are sufficiently
similar to those in Bangladesh that the Grameen model will be workable here.
n344

   But indigenousness alone does not explain its tremendous appeal to developers
in the West. What the Western development community finds particularly
enthralling about the model is that the indigenous values that have been
discovered look so extraordinarily similar to Western values. This is a highly
potent combination. It appears that after years of experimentation by the
Grameen Bank and empirical research about the Bank's impact, the development
community has unearthed universalism as an empirical fact. It is little wonder
that development thinkers also assume that these values are therefore necessary
preconditions to economic development.

   1. Perceived Universalism

 Two particularly compelling commonalities between the Grameen Bank's values and
Western values are worth mentioning here, partly because they have caught the
imagination of influential development thinkers in the United States. First,
microcredit appears to encourage republicanism, the value of the individual's
direct participation in political processes. n345 Republicanism historically has
been connected with poverty reduction, because it has been assumed that property
interests, particularly those that engender economic "self-sufficiency" within a
community, create political investments within a community. n346 The microcredit
model fits republican values because it creates  [*289]  small, local businesses
whose owners, as a result of their business interests, are more likely to
participate in local community politics. Moreover, the solidarity circle could
be seen as modeling such behavior within the larger microcredit model by
subjecting even the process of obtaining a loan to a democratic process of
review and approval by one's peers.

   At least one member of the CED movement also analogizes the solidarity circle
to Max Weber's conception of the Protestant ethic. n347 By this reasoning, the
Grameen Bank's use of social collateral within a circle as a means of
surveillance by community members is a working example of the values of
constraint, discipline, and valorization of wealth that are central to the
Protestant ethic. n348 The success of this use of social collateral is
reinforced by the Sixteen Decisions, which include the directive to be
disciplined. n349

   2. Indigenousness Misperceived

 In this section, I suggest that the discovery of these extraordinary
commonalities is, in fact, too good to be true - that what appears to be
indigenous is a Western translation. I also demonstrate that what many in the
United States see as indigenous is, in many respects, their own values
super-imposed on the target population. In the next section, I suggest that what
results is a particularly unsatisfactory form of hybridity that is evidence of
anything but a universalism of values. It appears that the Bank regularly
facilitates this hybridization.

   There can be no more compelling demonstration of the false indigenousness of
the Bank's model than its use of women as a target population. First, the model
appears to be based on the perspective of male Bangladeshis, including both
Grameen Bank workers (over ninety percent of whom are men n350) and rural men in
Bangladesh. This perspective leaves out half of the culture and most of the
target population. For example, the solidarity circle methodology assumes a
context in which villagers have frequent contact with each other, over matters
of money as well as more social matters. This type of contact, however, occurs
regularly among male Bangladeshis and less often among females. n351 Moreover,
the Bank apparently  [*290]  assumes that such social pressure, while strong
because of the frequency of contacts, is not necessarily so strong that it will
result in complete social ostracism, including ostracism from the family,
ineligibility for marriage, and utter social immobility. These latter pressures
are of course those experienced by women, not men. n352

   The Bank's model is based on values, beliefs, and behavioral norms that are
largely male-centered. In effect, it is dealing with the problem of a double
minority by accounting for only one part of that status: that of Third World
male culture. It is ignoring the cultural and gender perspectives unique to
poor, female Bangladeshis. This, of course, is a classic mistake, one that
arises not only in many international development programs, n353 but also in
many U.S. programs and remedies ranging from welfare n354 to employment
discrimination n355 to pensions. n356 As I discuss below, it should come as no
surprise that the failure to account for women's perspectives results in some of
the negative consequences described by recent studies.

    [*291]  However, the inattention to female indigenous norms does not stop
there. The Bank does not simply adopt the Bangladeshi male perspective. n357 It
compounds the problem by superimposing on and through the model a more Western
perspective about women's rights, needs, and liberation. n358 For example, it
seems to assume, without question, that women want to start their own
microenterprises and that the views expressed by some Bangladeshi women that it
is not their place to handle money are patriarchal (imposed by men in their
society), sexist, and oppressive. n359 Further, it assumes that, by gaining
access to the formal economy, or at least to income generating activities, women
will have more freedom, rights, and self-confidence. n360 It seems at least
relevant to ask why, from the perspective of the target population, access to
the formal economy is desirable. n361 Will it actually lead to greater political
and social participation, or at least freedom to participate? Will it lead to
other protections? n362 Are any of these rights and protections desired by the
target population? n363 Similarly, would women choose to bear the primary
responsibility for poverty reduction assigned to them by the Grameen Bank as
natural and better fighters against poverty? n364 Defenders of the Grameen
Bank's use of women may argue that it is the only choice. This is an imperfect
answer. n365

    [*292]  It is my hope that these questions will allow the development
community, and its critics, to avoid essentializing Third World women - either
as capitalists or as anti-capitalists, as victims of poverty or as "natural and
better fighters." Indeed, until these questions are answered, I may be guilty of
essentializing target populations in my own assumptions. n366

   Perhaps it is this inattention to women's perspectives that leads the Bank to
choose a means of achieving the goal of women's independence and liberation,
defined on the basis of Western values, that arguably contradicts that very
goal. Of the numerous studies that have lauded the solidarity circle, very few
have discussed the benefit to, or impact on, the primarily female borrowers,
focusing instead on the primarily male lenders' perspectives. n367 Moreover,
those studies that have discussed the impacts on women have discussed the
potential for teaching business judgment and networking, or the potential of the
Bank's social development program, without digging deeper to ask whether such
gains are desired by the target population. n368 In Bangladesh at least, the
choice of the solidarity circle as a means of lending money in a commercially
sound manner arguably decreases women's independence and takes advantage of -
indeed increases - their social and economic vulnerability. Again, according to
a number of studies about the Bank, a significant majority of the time female
borrowers lose control of their loan funds and never start their own income
generating activities, while remaining solely liable for repayment of such
funds. n369 Thus the solidarity circle, and the lending process more generally,
leads to greater social dependence and vulnerability of female borrowers.

   Moreover, the Sixteen Decisions or equivalent social development techniques
may not suffice to counterbalance the non-indigenous nature of the solidarity
circle. First, the Bank's claim of indigenous origin of the Sixteen Decisions
warrants investigation. While it may certainly be true that the Sixteen
Decisions were developed by a group of female borrowers who  [*293]  advanced to
leadership positions in the Bank's structure, n370 it seems presumptuous to
conclude that the directive to limit the size of families is an acceptance by
borrowers of the various forms of birth control and other population control
initiatives propounded by the Bank. It is a very real question whether the
Sixteen Decisions actually incorporate the perspectives of the majority of
borrowers. n371

   Second, both the Bank and a number of U.S. organizations appear to assume
that female borrowers benefit more from social development, in the form of
counseling to develop self-confidence for example, than do men. n372 It is not
clear, however, that anyone has ever tested this assumption by trying similar
models on poor men. Finally, one has to wonder whether U.S. programs choose
women as a target population primarily because it is more comfortable for the
development community - or the lending community - to do so. n373

   Rather than challenging the Bank's failure to incorporate Bangladeshi women's
perspectives and values, Western admirers believe that the Bank has succeeded in
this regard. This is understandable: None of the news reports appear to cite
studies about whether the borrowers really want to be running small businesses
(as opposed to being relieved to have more cash, however temporary its benefit).
Additionally, Western assumptions about Bangladeshi society feed into their
misperceptions about the success of the Bank's model. In other words, Western
admirers assume true indigenousness. They assume that Bangladeshi women want to
be empowered, independent, and entrepreneurial, just as they assume that
American women hold these values.

   The result of imposing the Grameen Bank model on women, both in Bangladesh
and here, without accounting for their own perspectives and values, may well be
a terrible synergy. In Bangladesh, the result has been further marginalization
of women as a cost of increasing income levels. As I described earlier, the
benefits - to the lenders of having more "submissive" borrowers and to
non-profit enterprises of capitalizing on women's "instincts" to serve their
families over themselves - have been attained directly at the  [*294]  women's
expense. n374 Such marginalization has included the gravest social harms, such
as domestic violence and suicide. n375 U.S. programs that wish to continue to
follow the Grameen Bank's gendered approach must proceed with great care. Even
if they conclude that problems such as loss of control of loan funds and undue
pressuring of borrowers are solvable, they must confront the fact that
overcoming these problems will require a very different kind of program than the
one-time infusion of capital contemplated by politicians and the popular press
in this country. n376

   V. Narcissism: The True Face of Microcredit?

 What I hope to have demonstrated by now is that what appeared to be true
indigenousness in the Grameen Bank's model is in fact a complex and detrimental
form of hybridity. This failure of indigenousness implicates the model's
efficacy in Bangladesh and, in a far more complicated way, threatens its
importation to the U.S. inner city.

   A. Hybridity as a Product of Narcissism and the Problem of Double Translation


 I attempt in this section to define hybridity and to map out the extent to
which it affects the Grameen Bank's model. I then suggest some of the questions
that are raised thereby. n377

   I use the term hybridity to describe the combination of Eastern and Western
components that comprise the Grameen Bank's model. My claim is that, rather than
reflecting only the values, practices, and mores of Bangladeshi women, the model
combines Bangladeshi customs with more foreign beliefs. But my claim is also
more specific. The secret to the model's appeal to the West is in its particular
combination of East and West. Purposefully or not, the model presents itself in
such a way that Western admirers of the model readily see in the model only what
they want to see. Thus they look for, and are encouraged to find, core Western
values such as empowerment, independence, economic value, and individual rights.
In fact, what they see are local cultural practices that they "read" as evidence
of the existence of those values. For  [*295]  example, it appears that no one
has ever surveyed female Grameen borrowers to ask them whether they want to own
and run small businesses - or even if they want independent economic standing in
their society. But they have seen women running small businesses and handling
money. Rather than questioning whether such behavior is evidence of other core
values, Westerners assume that it is evidence of their own core values of
independence and empowerment. n378 A more manipulative form of this occurs when
development experts go beyond "reading" cultural practices as evidence of core
values to actually using those practices to uphold core Western values. Both
forms, I believe, are undergirded by the further assumption that development
simply cannot be accomplished without these basic values as a prerequisite.

   By failing to ask the real questions about core values, the Western
development community succeeds in seeing a reflection of itself. This is nothing
more or less than narcissism. Its troubling nature may best be understood by
mapping exactly where East meets West - a place, as I will suggest, where
Western values are serviced by Eastern practices. n379

   In some important respects, the Grameen Bank model is not only male-centered,
it also is not clearly Bangladeshi. In raising this concern, I wish to do more
than point out that the founder of the Bank was educated in the United States.
n380 I question whether the very notion of credit in support of microenterprise
is indigenous. In Bangladesh, there is significant evidence that it is not. The
most obvious support for this conclusion is that Islam, which includes its own
legal codes, forbids the giving of credit in return for interest. n381  [*296]
Moreover, cultural Islamic notions about purdah forbid women from working
outside the home. n382 In addition to these two well-known and significant
facts, I would expect an anthropologist to uncover much more evidence of the
foreign-ness of aspects of the Grameen Bank model. And, indeed, Aminur Rahman
has. n383

   The Grameen Bank knows that some of its work is contrary to, in fact
challenges, local culture. n384 However, this fact seems somehow to have been
glossed over by most U.S. observers when they claim that the Grameen Bank's
invention of microcredit is evidence of its indigenous roots. On the other hand,
the notion of credit in support of enterprise is completely indigenous to
Western (majority) culture. Indeed, the main attraction of microcredit in the
United States is its involvement of marginal populations in the market-based
practices of the majority. Thus, without a very complete picture of the Grameen
Bank's work, Western admirers assume that they have found a non-Western model to
accomplish a Western, market-oriented goal: providing credit to individuals so
that they can start their own small businesses.

   Moreover, it is not at all clear that the Grameen Bank's solidarity circle
methodology is indigenous. In making this claim, I acknowledge the existence of
rotating credit associations ("RCAs"), which appear to be wholly indigenous in
their formation. n385 However, simply by virtue of its institutionalization by
the Grameen Bank, this indigenous device for obtaining credit is changed in
important ways. n386 First, in contrast to the "typical" RCA, members of the
solidarity circle do not pool their own resources and then take turns borrowing
from the pool (i.e., from each other). n387 Instead, solidarity circle members
borrow from an entity that is only nominally (for financial and management
purposes, anyway) owned by its borrowers. n388 Thus, the  [*297]  incentives
required to induce people to repay their loans have to be different. For
example, solidarity circle members are motivated to pressure each other to pay
on time because of the rule that prevents them from getting their own loans
until their circle members repay their respective loans. By contrast, in the
RCA, the motivation appears to be much more socially driven, relating to duty,
shame and reputation. n389 Second, RCAs develop their own rules for borrowing
and management in general, while the Grameen Bank sets strict rules for
borrowers. n390 Thus, the solidarity circle uses "social collateral" for the
more limited purposes of screening, monitoring and enforcement, but not for
institutional management. Third, arguably none of the institutional concerns of
maintaining or attaining self-sufficiency exist in the RCA. n391 Fourth, as
Professor Cao suggests, RCAs are dependent upon the existence of a homogenous,
cohesive community with well-developed social norms. While such a community may
not require a common ethnicity, Professor Cao's analysis suggests that in the
United States RCAs are unique to immigrant communities precisely because of the
key role played by ethnic ties. n392 It may be plausible to develop a
microlending program that more closely mimics the values and procedures of RCAs.
Such a program, however, would perform a much more limited function than that
attempted by the Grameen Bank.

   The institutionalization of the Sixteen Decisions triggers similar concerns.
The Sixteen Decisions were developed by a group of female borrowers, most of
whom were leaders of their local loan centers, at a national conference in 1984.
n393 But the mere fact of indigenous origin does not prove that the Sixteen
Decisions are representative of the beliefs of the target population. n394
Further, their adoption for use by the Bank results in a potentially inorganic
permanence. Had they been developed by the circle, they could be changed by the
circle, whenever and as often as the circle desired.

   The intervention of the Grameen Bank in what may at one time have been
indigenous practices adds foreign motives, beliefs and practices, some of
[*298]  which look decidedly Western. n395 For example, the solidarity circle
"looks like" a laboratory for cultivating social and even political
organization, creating community bonds, and seeking to democratize, where such
tendencies may have previously been latent or even nonexistent. n396 Similarly,
the Grameen directive to exercise discipline in all aspects of living reflects
the Weberian view that the Protestant ethic is the foundation for
entrepreneurial (and capitalist) behavior. n397

   Let me be clear: My point here is not that the Bank's arguments against
certain cultural barriers are inherently unsound. Nor am I saying that values
such as wealth maximization, freedom, and independence are definitively not
shared by Bangladeshi women. Further, I am not suggesting that the solidarity
circle and the Sixteen Decisions would be acceptable if they were truly
indigenous in origin and values. n398 Rather, I am arguing in favor of a truly
participatory decision either to reject indigenous practices or to uphold
certain values (or to create a hybrid program), a decision that must be made
first and foremost by the targets of the Bank's development program. I am also
claiming that a lack of indigenousness contributes to the failure of the Bank's
methodology, both in Bangladesh and in the United States.

   It is important to note that hybridity is not just limited to Western
attempts to uphold indigenous values - to the extent values can be distinguished
from the pragmatic question of whether a model works in an economic, political,
or social sense. If we look at the model's ability to solve the structural
problems of market failure and lack of formal market participation, a similar
theme of hybridity emerges. Specifically, it seems fair to describe the lending
relationship embodied in the Grameen transaction as being between a lender who
fits the description of a typical Western commercial institution and a Third
World borrower. The particular concern of the Grameen Bank to ensure that it, as
the lender, complies with the rigors of market-based behavior is a Western
notion. In some important respects, the Bank's lending practices are explicitly
modeled on those of commercial banks. n399

    [*299]  In addition, as U.S. admirers consider importing the Grameen Bank
model to solve the problems of market failure by means of market integration,
their ultimate hope (as discussed earlier) is to integrate the poor into the
mainstream, and very Western, market surrounding the inner city enclaves. n400
While U.S. programs attempt to leverage social collateral as a means of ensuring
repayment, their primary aim is to increase participation in a form of
entrepreneurial behavior and market participation defined by Western standards.

   Again, there are some disturbing implications about the precise point at
which East meets West. For example, it is particularly troubling that the
Western lender imposes on the Eastern borrower n401 some of the transaction
costs typically borne by Western lenders. n402 It is appropriate to ask whether
the Grameen Bank or Western lenders would impose different standards on
mainstream borrowers. Might there be alternative models of market participation
indigenous to the practices of the target population? There are also concerns
about the choice of exactly which Western practices to keep and which to replace
with Eastern practices. The most relevant question is why so many in the West
are drawn to a means of poverty reduction that reinforces the notion of the free
(and fair) market developed in and by the West.

   Hybridity also impacts the objective of formalized market participation
sought by the Law and Development movement. Recall that the very notion of
formality is attributed by that movement to American legal liberalism. n403
Again, the trouble occurs where the cultures meet. Consider, for example, the
solidarity circle, an ostensibly indigenous device, here used to serve Western
economic behavior. By shifting the risk (in addition to the transaction costs)
of extra-judicial enforcement from the lender to the borrowers, the circle
preserves the formalized market participation of the Western lender while
compromising that of the borrowers. n404 The Bank's social development agenda
raises similar issues, entirely directed to changing the behaviors of borrowers.
n405 Yet microlenders would consider it ludicrous to try to change their own
behaviors in order to meet borrowers half way.

   The confounding effects of Westerners' assumption that they have discovered
universal values do not end with this detrimental form of hybridity. Rather,
because Western development thinkers assume they have uncovered a universal form
of indigenousness, they assume that they can import the model to an entirely new
context without questioning whether there is a match in  [*300]  values. This
assumption compounds the effects of hybridity into a problem of double
translation. These Western thinkers have exported their values for purposes of
developing the less developed in other countries, and now enthusiastically are
re-importing those values encased in a newly indigenized form for purposes of
developing the less developed here.

   At the very least, these problems of hybridity and double translation raise
some broad concerns about the model's potential for success in the U.S. inner
city. By assuming that they have imported an indigenous model, Western programs
may have blinded themselves to its potentially negative consequences. It is
simplistic to reason that, because it worked there, surely it will work here on
a seemingly similar (i.e., poor) population. It may be insidiously easy to
superimpose foreign values on a form that Western programs believe is indigenous
while simultaneously - and fortuitously - matching Western values. n406

   In addition to the apparent lack of indigenousness of some aspects of the
Grameen Bank model, the implications surrounding the true nature of the values
embedded in the model are equally important. We must ask whether a program is in
fact indigenous (and by implication incorporates universal values), or instead
is simply based on Western values exported to the East and now re-imported.
Equally critical is whether, and to what extent, the non-indigenous values are
meaningful to the target population - not only in Bangladesh but also in the
U.S. inner city. Ultimately, it seems fair to ask whether the Grameen Bank has
simply developed a more sophisticated version of the "one size fits all"
development schemes appropriately rejected by Law and Development scholars three
decades ago. n407 If this is the case, then we can anticipate that if poor women
in the United States do not succeed as well as poor women in Bangladesh, they
will be further stigmatized for their failures.

   These questions and concerns must be asked separately in Bangladesh and in
the United States. While the above analysis implicates the success of the
Grameen Bank's model in Bangladesh, the question of whether Western values might
impair the model's success in the U.S. inner city is more complicated. This is
because U.S. inner cities surely must have more claim to Western values as
indigenous values than does rural Bangladesh. Hence, the first question to be
answered is what values are indigenous to the U.S. inner city. This is a broad
question that can only be answered specifically and thus  [*301]  incrementally.
Each inner city is different and diverse, not only geographically, but in
constituencies. n408

   The second question flows from the first. We surely must ask why Western
developers adopted a model for poverty reduction and market integration that
they exported to the Third World and then re-imported. In other words, is our
understanding of indigenousness somehow dependent on Eastern origin? More
broadly, to what extent does indigenousness of origin matter? It might be at
this point that we could begin to understand whether, as so many seem to assume
implicitly, certain values are universally shared by the poor. Hence the
expectation that the inner city poor in this country will be entrepreneurial and
value market participation as much as Westerners assume the rural poor in
Bangladesh do.

   The third question in this inquiry is likely the most difficult to answer:
What kind of a model would we develop based on inner city indigenous values? To
what extent would it resemble the Grameen Bank model? To what extent would it
resemble rotating credit associations? To what extent would it leverage
informality? Would it produce an alternative conception of the market?

   B. The Important Relationship Among CED, Law and Development,
Post-Colonialists and Feminists

 As the story of the Grameen Bank has emerged, so, too, has a connection between
two movements that previously had little to do with each other. In this section,
I briefly describe the connection between the CED and Law and Development
movements, with the hope that more comparative analysis of the two will advance
both their causes. I also suggest that some of the answers they seek,
particularly concerning indigenousness, may best be explored with the help of
the critical thinking of post-colonialist and feminist scholars.

   As should be clear by now, both the CED and Law and Development movements
historically have been concerned with integration of the poor into the market
and, relatedly, with elimination of market failure. In addition, both movements
share a concern with social and political development as a corollary of economic
development. Proponents within the two movements have even justified development
choices with similar theoretical arguments. However, these movements have had
little cross-pollination. n409 In some respects, that may not be a problem. One
of the clearest lessons from our  [*302]  experience with the Grameen Bank thus
far is that careless hybridization may cause more harm than benefit.

   Nonetheless, there is still a place for collaborative work between the two
movements. First, a collaboration between CED and Law and Development might
allow the latter movement to test Law and Development theory in the U.S. inner
city, which should be the perfect laboratory for developing and testing
market-based solutions to poverty because of the ease of empirical study. n410
Additionally, at least theoretically, there should be fewer problems associated
with cultural translation in a society where the ideals of a free market and
entrepreneurialism are so embedded. My goal here is to impose analytical rigor
in testing prescriptions that have previously been unavailable for testing.

   Second, perhaps because of the pressures of globalization, the two movements
may be able to share knowledge about processes for reaching similar goals. For
example, assuming that indigenousness remains an important ingredient in any
development program, the two movements may be able to share valuable
information, not about what indigenousness means, but rather about the process
by which to unearth it. Similarly, the two movements can and should be asking
many of the same questions about the market. n411

   Finally, there are issues concerning which neither movement has much
sophistication. Indigenousness is a prime example here, too. In my own analysis,
I have relied on two sets of literatures that I propose should be used much more
extensively by both movements: post-colonial studies n412 and feminist studies.
In particular, post-colonial discussions of indigenousness are  [*303]  among
the most advanced. n413 Indeed, this school has developed its own notion of
hybridity, which may serve as an important counterpoint to the hybridity
discussed in this Article. n414 Thus, it is my hope that these two schools will
help development thinkers begin to uncover a path toward understanding the
aspects of any development program that might or might not be representative of
the target population's views.

   VI. Toward A More Nuanced Vision

 My purpose in unpacking the myth of the Grameen Bank is to contribute in the
most pragmatic way to discussions about market-based solutions to poverty,
rather than deconstructing them. Thus, I do not mean to suggest that the Western
development community's interest in transferability is irremediably misguided.
Nor do I mean to suggest that hybridity is inevitably the source of hegemony, or
that the search for indigenousness is hopeless. Instead, what I argue here is
that the particular aggregation of values in the microcredit model of
market-based poverty reduction, and more specifically the Grameen Bank's
microcredit model, appears headed for failure. n415 It is both premature and
unwarranted for the development community to put so much faith and so many
resources into a strategy that has thus far not proven successful.

   First, it seems clear that indigenousness must be part of any solution. The
successful use of rotating credit associations, as distinguished from the
hybridized solidarity circle, supports this conclusion; but so do many other
indigenous initiatives. One example is the cooperative self-help groups formed
by women in many parts of Asia and Africa. n416 Another is the success of street
vendors as informal business people in their Harlem communities, as described by
Regina Austin. n417 By her account, "in places like New York City,  [*304]
Washington, D.C., and Philadelphia, most black street vendors work without a
license and in violation of applicable vending regulations and sales tax laws."
n418 As the development community continues to look for truly indigenous
representation in the solutions it develops, I propose that it start from the
premise that a social development agenda, in any institutionalized form, cannot
be indigenous. As my analysis has demonstrated, such an agenda is simply too
fraught with hegemonic tendencies.

   Moreover, the quest for indigenousness must be considerably more refined and
more penetrating than current efforts, such as the Sixteen Decisions. The
development community should no longer avoid seeking specific economic,
political and social agendas that are indigenous to its target populations.
Analogies should no longer suffice. Development thinkers must ask the difficult
questions about what members of their target population actually want. In asking
these questions, they may get some surprising answers. For example, Rebecca
Johnson of Cooperative Economics for Women in Boston found that some of her
clients did not want ultimately to own and run microenterprises, but rather
wanted different forms of permanent income generation. n419 The indigenousness
of process that U.S. organizations believe the Grameen Bank model provides
cannot substitute for indigenousness of values.

   The Harlem street vendors described by Regina Austin may well represent this
more refined indigenousness. These entrepreneurs clearly do not have imposed on
them the social development agenda of any development institution. Moreover, it
is simply wrong to suggest that they are not participating in the social, and
perhaps even political, community in which they live and work. As is the case
with the Bangladeshi stool maker, it is not clear whether their choice of
occupation is indeed freely made. However, it is clear that these businesses are
a more organic form of market participation, not dictated by development
institutions. n420

   It seems worth inquiring whether, in a place such as Harlem, a more
successful means of economic development would be to facilitate, in effect
incubate, such examples of wholly home-grown entrepreneurship, rather than to
impose the social development agendas, or even market-based conditions, that
U.S. organizations currently dictate. With training that U.S. programs provide,
for example, comes the formality and learned institutional behavior that might
rob these small businesses of the survival skills with which they began.
Instead, perhaps a more effective means of incubation, one that would better
preserve indigenousness, would be to eliminate some of the regulatory
limitations, including laws prohibiting vending and requiring permits, which
[*305]  currently prevent street vendors from stabilizing their businesses. n421
Such a strategy would require consideration of whether informality may be a
potentially useful, even beneficial, feature of market participation by the
poor.

   Second, the development community must reach a much more clear understanding
of "the market" before it can begin to define a path toward integrating the poor
into the market. Before it fixes market failures, it must know which markets to
fix. Before it increases participation, it must anticipate the outcomes of such
participation. In other words, it must wrestle with the ambivalence described by
Kenneth Anderson in his discussion of the unstated goals and assumptions of
microlenders. n422 It must agree upon which market it seeks to create for the
poor, or alternatively, into which market it seeks to integrate the poor. This
inquiry must be guided by local desires.

   I suspect that once development thinkers take this first important step, they
will also have a clearer picture of appropriate regulations of the market.
Perhaps regulatory efforts will be directed to market participants other than
the poor. Thus, if the ultimate goal based on indigenous agendas is market
integration of Harlem's street vendors, development thinkers could look for
alternatives to regulating the vendors at the inception of their businesses.
Instead, in the context of incubating informality, it might be more appropriate
to regulate the participation in inner city markets of more established
businesses (the Wal-Marts and chain grocery stores, for example), at least for
the limited purpose of allowing vendors to establish themselves before facing
these national competitors. n423 Such regulations could be as diverse as zoning
limitations n424 and tariffs. n425

    [*306]  Of course, if integration into a larger market is the appropriate
goal, development thinkers will need to consider the proper moment at which to
end the incubation period. At some point, such businesses will have to accept
the greater level of formality that will inevitably be required in order to
participate in the global market. In addition, such businesses will have to
survive in competition with the larger businesses participating in the same
market. This can and should be an appropriate subject for regulatory efforts.

   Alternatively, development thinkers might conclude that even more regulation
of the target population is necessary. If so, they would have to accept the
increased burden to ensure that such regulation would be representative of
indigenous values and goals. This might not be impossible. For example, there
might be specific contexts in which it would be truly representative of an inner
city population to form businesses using a cooperative model. This type of
development would entail a very different role for lawyers involved in the
effort. Rather than working to eliminate regulations that limit small
businesses, while establishing further regulations on larger businesses, lawyers
would perform more transactional work, such as ensuring proper formation,
representation and regulation of the cooperative form of business. n426

   As a final lesson, the development community must tread carefully in choosing
a hybrid model. Simply put, any reliance on its own values likely means the
displacement of indigenousness. This too should be a presumption. For example,
development thinkers should question the consequences of a goal such as CED's
goal of involving mainstream businesses in poverty reduction. While laudable,
such a goal has resulted in over-deference to the "rights" of free market
participation of such businesses - directly at the expense of the needs of
would-be entrepreneurs. The development community ought to deal skeptically with
the assumption that values, goals and agendas are universal.

   The unfortunate consequence of this last lesson is that it simply may not be
possible to attain the appealing level of hybridity, the overall aggregation of
values, that the microcredit model appears to attain. This is because such an
extraordinary aggregation comes at the expense of indigenousness. For example,
development programs may have to choose market integration over indigenousness
or vice versa. I hope that the choices will not be so stark, but the development
community should acknowledge that possibility. Failure to do so risks exactly
the kinds of negative consequences that the microcredit model seductively
appeared to avoid.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Contracts LawConsiderationEnforcement of PromisesGeneral OverviewReal Property
LawFinancingMortgages & Other Security InstrumentsMortgagor's Interests

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  I use "First World" interchangeably with the "West" and "Third World"
interchangeably with the "East" in this Article because these are the terms used
ubiquitously by scholars involved in Law and Development, Community Economic
Development, and post-colonial studies - three areas of study that have
tremendous relevance to this Article. See discussion infra Part V.B. See, e.g.,
Hernando de Soto, The Other Path: The Invisible Revolution in the Third World
passim (1989); Paul W. Kahn, The Cultural Study of Law: Reconstructing Legal
Scholarship 4 (1999) (using the phrase "Third World" in the Law and Development
context); Chandra Talpade Mohanty et al., Third World Women and the Politics of
Feminism passim (1991); Amy L. Chua, Markets, Democracy, and Ethnicity: Toward a
New Paradigm for Law and Development, 108 Yale L. J. 1, passim (1998) (using the
terms "First World" and "West" interchangeably); Rebecca Johnson, Welfare/Social
Justice: Where Do We Go from Here?, 19 W. New Eng. L. Rev. 41, passim (1997)
(comparing programs used to improve the economic situations of women in "Third
World" countries to programs used to aid impoverished women in the United
States); Audrey G. McFarlane, Race, Space, and Place: The Geography of Economic
Development, 36 San Diego L. Rev. 295, 298-303 (1999) (examining how
international development critiques coined the terms "First World" and "Third
World"); Gayatri Chakravorty Spivak, Can the Subaltern Speak?, in Marxism and
the Interpretation of Culture 271, 296-97 (Cary Nelson & Lawrence Grossberg
eds., 1988) (contrasting the "Third World" with the "West" in a discussion of
contemporary relations of power).





n2.  In the United States in 1999, for example, the top 5% of households
received 49.4% of total income (up from 43.8% in 1967), while the bottom 20% of
households received 3.6% of total income (down from 4% in 1967). U.S. Census
Bureau, Current Population Reports, Money Income in the United States: 1999
(2000), available at http://www.census.gov (last visited Apr. 23, 2005). In
addition, in 1995, the top 10% of U.S. households owned 71.8% of all household
wealth. Lisa A. Keister, Wealth in America 64 (2000). The widening gaps appear
to affect the working poor as well as the very poor. Steven A. Holmes, Children
Of Working Poor Are Up Sharply, Study Says, N.Y. Times, June 4, 1996, at C19
(suggesting that globalization negatively affects the working poor, who are
generally less skilled). These trends are reflected overseas as well. See, e.g.,
Globalization Challenge Initiative, Growing Danger of Economic Apartheid: How
the World Bank Group's Private Sector Development (PSD) Strategy Threatens Basic
Service Provision (Health, Education and Water), Debt Reduction and PRSP
Processes, Sept. 2001, at 1 ("In country after country, efforts [through loan
conditionalities] by the World Bank Group to privatize health, education, and
water systems are pushing the costs of public services out of the reach of
ordinary people."); Mahmood Monshipouri, Promoting Universal Human Rights:
Dilemmas of Integrating Developing Countries, 4 Yale Hum. Rts. & Dev. L.J. 25,
32 (2001) ("Even those analysts who stress the tremendous potential benefits
that globalization has for developing countries, warn about the ways in which
globalization exacerbates inequality and heightens social
tensions....Globalization - in particular, privatization - presents considerable
risks of concentration of wealth unless undertaken with effective regulation.");
David Sanders & Mickey Chopra, Globalization and the Challenge of Health for
All: A View from Sub-Saharan Africa, in Health Impacts Of Globalization: Towards
Global Governance 105, 118 (K. Lee ed., 2003) ("The forces of
globalization...have had continuing negative impacts on poor families and on
their social safety net, including basic health care."). See generally Michel
Chossudovsky, The Globalization of Poverty: Impacts of the IMF and World Bank
Reforms (1997) (discussing the increases of corporate assets, global poverty,
income inequality, and environmental depletion vis-a-vis the history of the IMF
and World Bank). But see David Dollar & Aart Kraay, Spreading the Wealth,
Foreign Aff., Jan.-Feb. 2002, at 120, 120-21 ("The current wave of
globalization, which started around 1980, has actually promoted economic
equality and reduced poverty....In general, higher growth rates in globalizing
developing countries have translated into higher incomes for the poor.").

   Unless otherwise specified, I use the terms "poor" and "poverty" to refer to
the working poor and the poorest of the poor. Moreover, I typically intend my
usage to be broad enough in scope to encompass both technical definitions of the
terms based on such things as income levels as well as more common usage.





n3.  See Holmes, supra note 2; Hope Lewis, Global Intersections: Critical Race
Feminist Human Rights and Inter/National Black Women, 50 Me. L. Rev. 309, 311
(1998); Kerry Rittich, Transformed Pursuits: The Quest for Equality in
Globalized Markets, 13 Harv. Hum. Rts. J. 231, 232 (2000). See also Susan S.
Silbey, "Let Them Eat Cake": Globalization, Postmodern Colonialism, and the
Possibilities of Justice, 31 Law & Soc'y Rev. 207, 227 (1997) ("The problem,
however, is more than simply the fact of inequality or of concentrations of
power. The possibilities of justice are eroded under globalization primarily
because that greater power has been made less visible.").





n4.  By development communities, I mean those scholars and practitioners who
develop the theories and implement the programs of economic development. By
"economic development," which I will use interchangeably with "development," I
mean attempts to erase class differences among individuals by increasing the
economic (and thus social) status of low-income individuals. Therefore, my use
of the terms "economic development" and "development" encompasses initiatives
both in the United States and in the developing world.





n5.  I use the term "mainstream" throughout this Article to refer to a market
that is not subject to widespread or consistent market failure and/or to the
market in which the middle and upper classes participate. I use this term to
maintain consistent terminology with others who have written about problems of
market failure in the credit market and lack of access by the poor to the credit
market. See William H. Simon, The Community Economic Development Movement 50
(2001) (describing the Grameen bank as lending to "a huge class of rural women
who had been written off as uncreditworthy by mainstream lenders"); Lan Cao,
Looking at Communities and Markets, 74 Notre Dame L. Rev. 841, 848 (1999)
(discussing certain immigrant communities' lack of access to credit from
"mainstream, majority-owned banks"); Louise A. Howells, The Dimensions of
Microenterprise: A Critical Look at Microenterprise as a Tool to Alleviate
Poverty, 9 J. Affordable Housing & Community Dev. L. 161, 161 (2000) ("Because
of their focus on very small businesses, microenterprise programs have filled a
significant credit gap, extending credit to small businesses overlooked by
mainstream lenders."); Jameel Jaffer, Microfinance and the Mechanics of
Solidarity Lending: Improving Access to Credit through Innovations in Contract
Structure, 9 J. Transnat'l L. & Pol'y 183, 186 (1999) (comparing microlenders to
"the mainstream banking sector"); Susan R. Jones, Representing the Poor and
Homeless: Innovations in Advocacy, Tackling Homelessness Through Economic
Self-Sufficiency, 19 St. Louis U. Pub. L. Rev. 385, 393 (2000) (comparing
microbusinesses to "mainstream businesses"); Laurie A. Morin, Legal Services
Attorneys as Partners in Community Economic Development: Creating Wealth for
Poor Communities through Cooperative Economics, 5 UDC/DCSL L. Rev. 125, 164
(2000) (describing Community Economic Development movement's potential for
helping the poor to become "mainstream entrepreneurs"). See also G.A. Res. 97,
U.N. GAOR, 52d Sess., 77th plen. mtg., U.N. Doc. A/RES/52/194 (1998) (stating
that "microcredit programmes have proved to be an effective tool in freeing
people from the bondage of poverty, and have led to their increasing
participation in the mainstream economic and political process of society").





n6.  The development communities that I discuss most are the Community Economic
Development movement, which focuses on development in the United States, and the
Law and Development movement, which focuses on development in the Third World. I
also discuss the work of the Law and Economics movement in integrating the poor
into the market. See discussion infra Parts IV, V.B. These, of course, are not
the only groups to study development issues, and I regularly reference
discussions by legal and non-legal scholars who do not appear to associate
themselves with any of these movements.





n7.  Again, these are not by any means the only problems that these development
communities seek to remedy. But, as I discuss infra in Part IV, they are focal
points for one or more of the movements.





n8.  I use the terms microcredit, microlending and microfinance to refer to the
making of small loans of $ 25,000 or less in the United States. See The Aspen
Institute, 2002 Directory of U.S. Microenterprise Programs xii (2002) (using the
same loan amount); Susan R. Jones, Small Business and Community Economic
Development: Transactional Lawyering for Social Change and Economic Justice, 4
Clinical L. Rev. 195, 196 n.3 (1997) (defining microloans as "very small loans
from $ 500 to $ 25,000"). When discussing Bangladesh, I use the term to refer to
loans of less than the equivalent of US$ 500. See Grameen Foundation USA,
Grameen Foundation USA, at http://www.gfusa.org/index.html (last visited June
24, 2005) (describing microcredit as the providing of tiny loans, often under $
100). In this Article, unless I specify otherwise, I refer to microenterprise
organizations or programs synonymously with microcredit, microlending, or
microfinance organizations or programs. My usage is typical of that in the
United States, although many increasingly describe microfinance and
microenterprise organizations as providing a broader range of services,
including a focus on savings, training, or "technical assistance" rather than on
lending. See Ayse Can Talen et al., The Future of Microfinance in the United
States: Research, Practice and Policy Perspectives, in Replicating Microfinance
in the United States 331, 333 (James H. Carr & Zhong Yi Tong eds., 2002). As I
use the term, a microenterprise is a newly created, or start-up, business with
less than $ 15,000 in start-up capital and with little access to the commercial
banking sector. See Jones, supra, at 196 n.3 (defining a microenterprise as a
business that can use a loan of under $ 15,000); Lewis D. Solomon,
Microenterprise: Human Reconstruction in America's Inner Cities, 15 Harv. J.L. &
Pub. Pol'y 191, 192 (1992) (defining a microenterprise as a business with less
than $ 5,000 in start-up capital). See also Talen et al., supra, at 331, 334.





n9.  See David Bornstein, The Price of a Dream 19, 26 (1996); Grameen, A short
history of Grameen Bank, at http://grameen-info.org/bank/hist.html (last
modified Sept. 18, 2002) [hereinafter A short history of Grameen Bank]; Grameen,
Grameen Bank, at http://grameen-info.org/bank/index.html (last modified May. 29,
2005) [hereinafter Grameen Bank].





n10.  See Alex Counts, Give Us Credit xiii (1996) (explaining that the Bank
makes loans of between twenty-five and seventy-five U.S. dollars); Grameen,
Credit delivery system, at http://grameen-info.org/bank/cds.html (last modified
Sept. 18, 2002) [hereinafter Credit delivery system].





n11.  Bornstein, supra note 9, at 230-31.





n12.  See Credit delivery system, supra note 10 ("The collective responsibility
of the group serves as the collateral on the loan.").





n13.  Id.





n14.  Id.





n15.  See Bornstein, supra note 9, at 100; Aminur Rahman, Women and Microcredit
in Rural Bangladesh 78 (1999); Grameen, Breaking the vicious cycle of poverty
through microcredit, at http://grameen-info.org/bank/bcycle.html (last modified
Sept. 18, 2002) [hereinafter Breaking the vicious cycle of poverty through
microcredit].





n16.  Credit delivery system, supra note 10.





n17.  Id.





n18.  See Grameen, The Sixteen Decisions of Grameen Bank, at
http://grameen-info.org/bank/the16.html (last modified Sept. 18, 2002)
[hereinafter The Sixteen Decisions of Grameen Bank].





n19.  See Grameen Bank, supra note 9.





n20.  Lisa J. Servon, Bootstrap Capital 4 (1999). But even as microlending has
caught the imagination of the world, a number of thoughtful critiques have
suggested that this particular promise of microcredit is illusory. Id. See
generally Celia R. Taylor, Microcredit as a Model: A Critique of State/NGO
Relations, 29 Syracuse J. Int'l L. & Com. 303, 327 (2002).





n21.  See infra notes 78-83 and accompanying text.





n22.  I use the terms "West" and "Western" to refer to development thinkers and
practitioners in the United States, and also at times employees of the Grameen
Bank. I acknowledge that I am using loaded terms and, as I explain, infra, in
Parts IV.C, V.A, I use them in part because they force us to consider exactly
who they encompass. Although this usage causes some definitional blurring
(intentional on my part), I intend to clarify the cause of the definitional
confusion in Part V.A.





n23.  See infra notes 38-39, 63 and accompanying text.





n24.  See infra notes 42-44, 74 and accompanying text.





n25.  These are by no means the only aspects of the Bank's methodology that may
have contributed to its apparent success. Indeed, this Article implies that
disciplinary preconceptions may have led to the current focus on these three
characteristics to the exclusion of other important factors, such as social and
economic history, political and religious contexts, and social organization.





n26.  See infra notes 295-302 and accompanying text.





n27.  See, e.g., Joseph William Singer, Entitlement: The Paradoxes of Property 1
(2000); Roberto Mangabeira Unger, The Critical Legal Studies Movement 1 (1983).





n28.  See, e.g., Pete Engardio et al., Global Poverty: Much Remains to be Done -
But Some Programs Have Made Remarkable Gains, Business Week, Oct. 14, 2002,
available at http://www.businessweek.com/magazine/content/02_41/b3803601.htm
(last visited July 5, 2005) ("In the U.S. Congress, there is bipartisan support
for antipoverty programs after two decades of slashing foreign aid."); Interview
by Rick Dunham of Business Week with President Clinton, 35 Weekly Comp. Pres.
Doc. 1189 (June 29, 1999) (discussing extensively President Clinton's "new
markets initiative" designed to make inner-city microlending more attractive for
corporate lenders, citing the Grameen Bank as a model for such programs, and
quoting President Clinton as saying that he hopes "to build bipartisan support
for passing the new markets initiative"); Remarks to the Wall Street Project
Conference in New York City, 35 Weekly Comp. Pres. Doc. 63 (Jan. 15, 1999)
(transcribing remarks by President Clinton to the Wall Street Project Conference
in New York City, referencing the Grameen Bank and stating that "our community
development banks are designed to do the same thing at an American scale with
American financial cost for people who need it"). See also Sasha
Polakow-Suranksy, Giving the Poor Some Credit, American Prospect, May 1, 2003,
available at http://www.prospect.org/print/V14/5/polakow-suransky-s.html (last
visited July 5, 2005) ("Microcredit for the poor is one of those ideas that
attracts both liberals and conservatives. In principle, even the world's poorest
people can acquire habits of savings and investment - if they have access to
capital. The strategy is both redistributive (liberal) and entrepreneurial
(conservative).").





n29.  See, e.g., Margareth Etienne, Addressing Gender-Based Violence in an
International Context, 18 Harv. Women's L.J. 139, 139 (1995) (stating that "the
Grameen Bank has provided an opportunity for women to achieve previously
unimaginable goals and to promote change in their own lives and the lives of
other women...enabling women to fulfill their roles as "the real agents of
change in rural society.'"). See also Katherine Spengler, Expansion of Third
World Women's Empowerment: The Emergence of Sustainable Development and the
Evolution of International Economic Strategy, 12 Colo. J. Int'l Envtl. L. &
Pol'y 303, 340 (quoting the World Resources Institute: "the achievement of
sustainable development is inextricably bound up with the establishment of
women's equality; one cannot be accomplished without the other"). There have
also been a number of feminist critiques of microlending. See, e.g., Press
Release, Susy Cheston, Senior Vice President for Policy and Research,
Opportunity International, Women and Microfinance: Opening Markets and Minds
(Feb. 5, 2004), available at
http://usinfo.state.gov/journals/ites/0204/ijee/cheston.htm (last visited Apr.
12, 2005) (suggesting that while microfinancing can serve as a model for
empowering women and alleviating poverty, it, along with other microfinancing
institutions, may serve to reify certain cultural and gender stereotypes: "The
very microfinance industry that has served women so phenomenally well
nevertheless runs up against the same cultural barriers found throughout
society. Grameen Bank in Bangladesh, a groundbreaker in reaching women clients,
for many years has maintained between 5 and 10 percent female loan officers.");
Taylor, supra note 20, at 327 ("Loan circles can deepen poor women's enmeshment
in traditional relationships of domination.").





n30.  See, e.g., Simon, supra note 5, at 52-54 (discussing the transferability
of the solidarity circle and social development agenda); Jones, supra note 5, at
389-91 (discussing the success of the Grameen Bank model); Morin, supra note 5,
at 133-36 (discussing the transferability of the Grameen Bank model).





n31.  Although the two are not the same, particularly in social science
literature, I use the terms "income generation" and "job creation"
interchangeably because that is the norm in legal scholarship. It also appears
to be the norm in the microcredit industry in the United States.





n32.  Solomon, supra note 8, at 194-95 (stating that the Grameen Bank "has
successfully tested the hypothesis that the poor can engage in productive
self-employment if supplied with capital") (internal citations omitted); Abu N.
M. Wahid, The Grameen Bank and Poverty Alleviation in Bangladesh: Theory,
Evidence and Limitations, 53 Am. J. Econ. & Soc. 1, 6 (1994) (discussing the
Grameen Bank's success at creating jobs). More broadly, microcredit has been
touted as a job creation mechanism. See, e.g., Servon, supra note 20, at 4
("Public officials at all levels in the United States are clamoring for ways to
move poor people from public dependency to self-sufficiency, and the
microenterprise strategy, with its bootstrap logic and impressive record in the
developing world, has emerged as a promising front-runner in the race for new
ideas."); Morin, supra note 5, at 132 (discussing "job creation CED strategies
such as micro-enterprise development that can successfully help poor people make
the transition from an era of entitlements to an era of "self-help'"); Skip
Kaltenheuser, Fitting Microcredit into a Macro Picture, Christian Science
Monitor, Feb. 5, 1997, at 19 (quoting a representative of Citibank, a sponsor of
the Microcredit Summit in Washington, as stating that "by creating jobs at the
margin, microcredit is an economic stabilization program").





n33.  See, e.g., Amy L. Chua, The Paradox of Free Market Democracy: Rethinking
Development Policy, 41 Harv. Int'l L.J. 287, 343 (2000) (describing the Grameen
Bank as a "nongovernmental, nonprofit microcredit organization...which engages
in group lending to poor villagers to promote small-scale entrepreneurship in
developing country villages"); John Boudreau, It's one way to change the world
on a budget, San Jose Mercury News, Aug. 11, 2002, available at 2002 WL 25438099
(listing Grameen Bank, Opportunity International, and ACCION International as
non-profits that provide capital for loans for poor people); Michael J. Papa et
al., Communication Monographs, Sept. 1, 1997, available at 1997 WL 27554199
(describing Grameen Bank as "a non-profit, value-based organization that targets
the poorest of the poor for social and economic development programs); Loans for
the Tiniest Businesses, N.Y. Times, Sept. 10, 2000, 3, at 10, (describing the
Grameen Bank as a "Bangladeshi nonprofit organization" that "pioneered the
industry in 1976 and has lent money to 2.3 million people..."). In fact,
however, the Grameen Bank is a for-profit institution. See Bornstein, supra note
9, at 26; A short history of Grameen Bank, supra note 9 ("Grameen Bank is owned
by the rural poor whom it serves. Borrowers of the Bank own 90% of its shares,
while the remaining 10% is owned by the government.").





n34.  Bornstein, supra note 9, at 95 ("Yunus [the founder of the Grameen Bank]
was adamant that Grameen not be perceived by members as another giveaway
program."); Id. at 231 (quoting Yunus: "Credit without strict discipline is
nothing but charity.").





n35.  Id. at 231. See also Kenneth Anderson, Microcredit: Fulfilling or Belying
the Universalist Morality of Globalizing Markets?, 5 Yale Hum. Rts. & Dev. L.J.
85, 104 (2002) (commenting on microcredit generally: ""Credit,' "repayment,'
"interest rates,' "risk,' "rates of return,' "collateral': this, of course, is
the terminology of banking."); Philip M. Nichols, A Legal Theory of Emerging
Economies, 39 Va. J. Int'l L. 229, 299 (1999) ("Grameen Bank acts in many
respects as a typical commercial bank, albeit with a customer base consisting of
the very poor of Bangladesh."); Solomon, supra note 8, at 195 (likening the
Grameen Bank to a "typical commercial bank").





n36.  Bornstein, supra note 9, at 292-95 (discussing the Bank's efforts to
become self-sufficient, and the importance placed on this goal by the Bank's
donors); Muhammad Yunus, Banker to the Poor: Micro-Lending and the Battle
Against World Poverty 204 (1999) ("In Grameen we always try to make a profit so
that we can cover all our costs, protect ourselves from future shocks, and
continue to expand."); Jane E. Larson, Free Markets Deep in the Heart of Texas,
84 Geo. L.J. 179, 242-43 (1995) (stating that the Grameen Bank makes profits,
not on credit operations, but by "profitably investing funds that it borrows
from national and international sources at highly concessional rates of
interest, and thereby supplementing its credit operations budget"). This
admiration is directed to microcredit programs generally. See, e.g., Jaffer,
supra note 5, at 184 ("Although most [microfinance institutions] are financed,
at least initially, through grants or low-interest loans from aid organizations
or donor governments, very many have achieved operational self-sufficiency
(consistently positive cashflow), and a significant number have achieved
financial self-sufficiency (consistently positive cashflow, adjusting for
subsidies received and write-offs for non-recoverable loans)."). A number of
studies of the Grameen Bank, however, dispute the claim that it has achieved
self-sufficiency. See, e.g., Jude L. Fernando, Nongovernmental Organizations,
Microcredit, and Empowerment of Women, 554 Annals Am. Acad. Pol. & Soc. Sci.
150, 165 (1997) ("A project evaluation report of the Grameen Bank (GB) in 1994
noted that "GB budgets failed to predict loan growth accurately and [the Bank]
did not use the annual budgets to control the lending program, when the demand
for loans, especially the new seasonal loans and housing loans escalated.'").





n37.  See, e.g., Keith N. Hylton, Banks and Inner Cities: Market and Regulatory
Obstacles to Development Lending, 17 Yale J. on Reg. 197, 226 (2000) ("The
Grameen Bank operates in Bangladesh and provides loans to groups, typically
consisting of five borrowers from the same village, under agreements in which
all members of the group are liable for the amount loaned to one member. This
transfers a large part of the risk to the borrower, and the parties themselves
have incentives to monitor the borrower to make sure that he repays the loan.
Moreover, groups will seek out members who are creditworthy, based on
information they have from day-to-day experience in their communities.");
Jaffer, supra note 5, at 187 (attributing the success of microlending more than
anything else to the peer lending methodology); Daryl J. Levinson, Collective
Sanctions, 56 Stan. L. Rev. 345, 396-98 (2003) (listing the lending-related
advantages of group lending); Solomon, supra note 8, at 196 ("The formation of
solidarity groups provides an effective mechanism for the Bank's expansion of
credit assistance to the poor.").





n38.  See supra notes 13-16 and accompanying text.





n39.  See, e.g., Mohammad A. Auwal & Arvind Singhal, The Diffusion of Grameen
Bank in Bangladesh: Lessons Learned about Alleviating Rural Poverty, 14
Knowledge: Creation, Diffusion, Utilization 7, 16 (1992) (stating that the model
relies on a "healthy dose of peer pressure and peer support," and "replaces
material collateral with a kind of social collateral"); Jaffer, supra note 5, at
201 ("Solidarity lending...provides a screening method that is reliable,
inexpensive, and that suffers no diseconomies of scale."); Levinson, supra note
37, at 396 ("Peer selection by borrowers mitigates the huge information
asymmetries inherent in underdeveloped credit markets. While assessing the
credit risks of Bangladeshi villagers would be prohibitively costly for a bank,
the villagers themselves are intimately acquainted with each other's honesty,
financial status, and work ethic."); Solomon, supra note 8, at 198 ("Treating
the borrowers as a group throughout the loan process enables the Bank to reduce
its analysis of each loan application, thereby decreasing the high transaction
costs that...discourage loans to small businesses. Because group members assume
mutual responsibility for each others' loans, the Bank can reduce staff time
devoted to tracking loans and service more borrowers."); Jacob Yaron, What Makes
Rural Finance Institutions Successful?, 9 World Bank Res. Observer 49, 55 (1994)
("By leaving much of the screening process in the hands of people who know the
borrower very well, Grameen Bank decreases one element of risk that faces most
lenders: imperfect knowledge as to whether a borrower intends to default.").





n40.  Anthony D. Taibi, Banking, Finance, and Community Economic Empowerment:
Structural Economic Theory, Procedural Civil Rights, and Substantive Racial
Justice, 107 Harv. L. Rev. 1465, 1527-28 (1994) (describing the peer-group
lending model, which makes members "meet regularly to evaluate business plans,
track repayments, exchange information, and lend mutual support," and through
which microloan program graduates "learn[] economically, socially, culturally,
and politically useful skills and emerge with a track record of business
success, a credit history, and a small asset base"); Solomon, supra note 8, at
197 (concluding that the scrutiny from other group members results in
enterprises that are better planned and more likely to make a profit).





n41.  Bornstein, supra note 9, at 20; Solomon, supra note 8, at 199. Indeed,
ACCION International, another large and well-known microlender claims that this
so-called "incremental" lending methodology, which makes use of "small, quick
loans that escalate in size," is key to maintaining a high repayment rate.
Katherine Stearns, The Hidden Beast: Delinquency in Microenterprise Credit
Programs 43-44 (1991).





n42.  See, e.g., Nichols, supra note 35, at 299-300; Jane Kaufman Winn, How to
Make Poor Countries Rich and How to Enrich Our Poor, 77 Iowa L. Rev. 899, 932-33
(1992) (reviewing Hernando de Soto, The Other Path (1989)).





n43.  For a detailed discussion of rotating credit associations, see generally
Cao, supra note 5; Thierry van Bastelaer, Imperfect Information, Social Capital
and the Poor's Access to Credit 6-8 (Center for Institutional Reform and the
Informal Sector Working Paper No. 234, 2000). Also known as Rotating Savings and
Credit Associations ("ROSCAs"), RCAs, function by distributing pooled funds
among members of the group, either "randomly, by auction or by collective
decision." Id. at 6.





n44.  Cao, supra note 5, at 874 ("Simply defined, a rotating credit association
is "a group who pool their funds on a regular basis then rotate the pool around
the group until all members have received it,' essentially functioning as both a
savings and lending device.").





n45.  Nichols explains:



   Grameen Bank acts in many respects as a typical commercial bank, albeit with
a customer base consisting of the very poor of Bangladesh. In operation,
however, Grameen Bank has borrowed from the indigenous - and very relational -
rotating savings and credit associations that exist in a broad arch from Japan
to the bottom of Africa. While Grameen Bank approves applicants, virtually all
administrative tasks, including screening applicants for actual loans, are
performed by local groups of borrowers... Grameen Bank suggests that hybrid
institutions should be used to bridge the change from a relational to formal
orientation. In the context of a theory of emerging economies, a "big bang'
creation of a complete network of formal institutions is unlikely to succeed,
whereas institutions based on an understanding of the relational foundation can
more constructively be used to direct change in these countries.

 Nichols, supra note 35, at 299-300.





n46.  See, e.g., Simon, supra note 5, at 52-53 (focusing on the inclusion of
"discipline" as one of the Sixteen Decisions); Steven D. Jamar, A Lawyering
Approach to Law and Development, 27 N.C. J. Int'l L. & Com. Reg. 31, 44-45
(2001) ("Central to the Bank's success is the pledge it requires all borrowers
to memorize and implement, the so-called Sixteen Decisions."); Morin, supra note
5, at 135 ("Another important feature of the Grameen model is the "group
training' in which members learn the rules of the bank and memorize a social
contract called the "Sixteen Decisions.'"). Indeed, such comments suggest that
this development agenda contributes both to the success of the lending program
and to poverty reduction.





n47.  The Sixteen Decisions of Grameen Bank, supra note 18. The complete list is
as follows:



   1. We shall follow and advance the four principles of Grameen Bank -
Discipline, Unity, Courage and Hard work - in all walks of our lives.

   2. Prosperity we shall bring to our families.

   3. We shall not live in dilapidated houses. We shall repair our houses and
work towards constructing new houses at the earliest.

   4. We shall grow vegetables all the year round. We shall eat plenty of them
and sell the surplus.

   5. During the plantation seasons, we shall plant as many seedlings as
possible.

   6. We shall plan to keep our families small. We shall minimize our
expenditures. We shall look after our health.

   7. We shall educate our children and ensure that they can earn to pay for
their education.

   8. We shall always keep our children and the environment clean.

   9. We shall build and use pit-latrines.

   10. We shall drink water from tubewells. If it is not available, we shall
boil water or use alum.

   11. We shall not take any dowry at our sons' weddings, neither shall we give
any dowry at our daughters [sic] weddings. We shall keep our centre free from
the curse of dowry. We shall not practice child marriage.

   12. We shall not inflict any injustice on anyone, neither shall we allow
anyone to do so.

   13. We shall collectively undertake bigger investments for higher incomes.

   14. We shall always be ready to help each other. If anyone is in difficulty,
we shall all help him or her.

   15. If we come to know of any breach of discipline in any centre, we shall
all go there and help restore discipline.

   16. We shall take part in all social activities collectively.







n48.  See, e.g., Report on UNESCO's Contribution to Poverty Eradication and on
Action Considered within the Framework of the United Nations Decade for the
Eradication of Poverty, U.N. Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization,
152d Sess., Provisional Agenda Item 3.6.1, at 6, U.N. Doc. 152 EX/13 (1997)
("Recognizing the importance of micro-finance programmes favouring the poor,
particularly rural women, UNESCO has joined hands with Bangladesh's Grameen Bank
in promoting this concept and diffusing the success story of Bangladesh's
experiment to other countries of the world."); Cristina N. Campanella, The
United Nations' New Approach to Human Development and Poverty, 17 N.Y.L. Sch. J.
Hum. Rts. 951, 954 (2001) ("These "Grameen Banks' have been particularly
beneficial to poor rural women who could not normally qualify for a bank
loan."); Etienne, supra note 29, at 164 ("The Grameen Bank has provided an
opportunity for women to achieve previously unimaginable goals and to promote
change in their own lives and the lives of other women."); Patricia Waak,
Shaping a Sustainable Planet: The Role of Nongovernmental Organizations, 6 Colo.
J. Int'l Envtl. L. & Pol'y 345, 351 (1995) ("The Grameen Bank of Bangladesh, the
BKK Credit Program in Indonesia, the Working Women's Forum in India, and the
FINCA program in Latin America are all projects that are enhancing the status of
women by providing a means for owning land, building small business, and setting
up markets for crafts and other enterprises."); Wahid, supra note 32, at 4 ("One
of the significant achievements of the Grameen Bank has been its contribution to
the emancipation, status, and economic independence of women."). Such interest
extends to microcredit programs more broadly. See Shelly Feldman, NGOs and Civil
Society: (Un)stated Contradictions, 554 Annals Am. Acad. Pol. & Soc. Sci. 46, 57
(1997) ("What represents NGO Success in the 1990s is the NGO's ability to
allocate resources and increase the participation of women in their programs...
The activities they have encouraged include chicken rearing, crafts, and fish
pond cultivation, common home-based activities of rural women, or tailoring and
trade generally associated with new forms of exchange for women. This diverse
array of activities has been critically important in recasting rural gender
relations and expanding opportunities for women."); Taylor, supra note 20, at
319 ("Women as a group receive special emphasis because "the poorest, landless,
most destitute heads of household are women.'").





n49.  Grameen Bank, supra note 9 ("As of July, [sic] 2004, it has 3.7 million
borrowers, 96 percent of whom are women.").





n50.  Breaking the vicious cycle of poverty through microcredit, supra note 15
("Women were initially given equal access to the schemes, and proved not only
reliable borrowers but astute entrepreneurs. As a result, they have raised their
status, lessened their dependency on their husbands and improved their homes and
the nutritional standards of their children."); see also Bornstein, supra note
9, at 141-42 (describing the Bank's founder's desire to change men's attitudes
toward women by giving women economic status); Yunus, supra note 36, at 71 ("It
is not by chance that women constituted less than 1 percent of all the borrowers
in Bangladesh prior to Grameen. The banking system was created for men.").





n51.  Credit delivery system, supra note 10 (noting that the Bank seeks to
"focus increasingly on women from the poorest households, whose urge for
survival has a far greater bearing on the development of the family"); see also
Bornstein, supra note 9, at 142 (quoting the Bank's founder as saying that women
are "natural and better fighters" against poverty); Yunus, supra note 36, at 72
("The more money we lent to poor women, the more I realized that credit given to
a woman brings about change faster than when given to a man.").





n52.  Indeed, some among them have concluded that just one or the other of these
characteristics may be the key to successful poverty reduction. See e.g.,
Jaffer, supra note 5, at 187, 200 (arguing that the Grameen Bank's success - and
that of other microlenders using the peer lending method - results from its use
of the solidarity circle, because this device alone may account for below-market
default rates, tremendous costs savings and overall efficiencies). On the other
hand, some, including the Bank itself, have also attributed the Bank's success
to one or more of several other characteristics of its methodology: 1)
collecting payments in small, frequent installments; 2) forced savings (in which
borrowers must contribute a certain percentage of their loan disbursements
toward group and individual savings accounts and emergency funds); and 3) the
Bank's extensive network of branches in rural villages and hundreds of employees
who visit the branches on a very regular basis in order to ensure timely
payments and enforce the Bank's social development agenda. Credit delivery
system, supra note 10. See also, e.g., Pankaj S. Jain, Managing Credit for the
Rural Poor: Lessons from the Grameen Bank, 24 World Development 79, 79-89 (1996)
(concluding that shared norms and close monitoring by bank staff accounted for
the Grameen Bank's success); Solomon, supra note 8, at 199 (discussing small
loans and extensive branches as important to the Bank's success). See generally
Susan Holcombe, Managing to Empower: The Grameen Bank's Experience of Poverty
Alleviation (1995) (discussing the importance of having an extensive network of
branches and employees). Although portions of my analysis could apply to these
characteristics of the model, I have not addressed them simply because they are
less often discussed as important ingredients in the Bank's formula for success,
and are therefore less a subject of public debate in domestic development
communities.





n53.  Professor Simon is the most prominent example in this regard. Simon, supra
note 5, at 50-57 (discussing the Grameen Bank's use of values analogous to the
Protestant Ethic to promote economic, social and political participation); see
also Morin, supra note 5, at 136 ("Most U.S. microenterprise development
projects remain true to the original goals and philosophy of the Grameen Bank.
They are established as a tool not only for economic development, but also for
human development and community development. Thus, most programs emphasize
collaboration, skills-building, empowerment, and responsibility to the community
to a far greater extent than traditional business development efforts.");
Solomon, supra note 8, at 202 ("Bank's experience demonstrates a link between
economic revitalization and an improved social structure...."). Many in the
United States have recognized the interconnection between economic, social and
political development. See, e.g., David Dante Troutt, Ghettoes Made Easy: The
Metamarket/Antimarket Dichotomy and the Legal Challenges of Inner-City Economic
Development, 35 Harv. C.R.-C.L. L. Rev., 427, 427-34 (2000) (discussing at
length the relationship between "wealth formation and consumer infrastructures"
and "a relationship with government typically characterized by political
participation and accommodation").





n54.  For discussions of the CED movement, see generally Simon, supra note 5;
Scott Cummings, Community Economic Development as Progressive Politics: Toward a
Grassroots Movement for Economic Justice, 54 Stan. L. Rev. 399 (2001).





n55.  Simon, supra note 5, at 3 ("Though there are many variations, the core
definition of CED embraces (1) efforts to develop housing, jobs, or business
opportunities for low-income people, (2) in which a leading role is played by
non-profit nongovernmental organizations (3) that are accountable to
residentially defined communities."); Cummings, supra note 54, at 400-01
("During the unprecedented surge of 1990s prosperity, community economic
development (CED) emerged as the dominant approach to poverty alleviation,
touted by politicians as a market-based alternative to outdated welfare policies
and championed by civil rights leaders as a critical link to economic
equality... Espoused by advocates of different ideological stripes, the simple
logic of market-based CED - that increasing for-profit initiatives in
geographically discrete low-income neighborhoods could produce economic
transformation and community empowerment - became an antipoverty axiom.");
Jones, supra note 8, at 199 ("Strategies for CED include revitalization of
decaying neighborhoods to enhance the economic status of low-income people by
building local institutions; encouraging economic independence and
self-sufficiency through entrepreneurship for low-income people and minorities;
encouraging private sector joint ventures with local institutions; and
heightening participation by low-income people in areas such as political, civil
and social rights movements."); McFarlane, supra note 1, at 308 ("Community
economic development can be characterized as a hybrid process that promotes the
overall quality of life in a neighborhood by viewing the neighborhood
holistically and valuing its human assets. Community economic development also
treats the neighborhood as a discrete and insular economic unit. The focus
becomes one of encouraging the creation of new business and the relocation of
existing business in the targeted neighborhood in order to improve the economic
conditions for residents of that area."); Louise G. Trubek, Symposium Issue:
Lawyering for a New Democracy, 2002 Wis. L. Rev. 271, 274-75 (2002) ("Community
economic development...successfully incorporates democratic opportunity,
economic participation, and community empowerment.").





n56.  Simon, supra note 5, at 51-57, 62-67; Troutt, supra note 53, at 427-34;
Solomon, supra note 8, at 202. This connection between economic, social and
political investment can be found in the rhetoric of international institutions
as well. See, e.g., G.A. Res. 97, U.N. GAOR, 52d Sess., 77th plen. mtg., U.N.
Doc. A/RES/52/194 (1998) (stating that "microcredit programmes have proved to be
an effective tool in freeing people from the bondage of poverty, and have led to
their increasing participation in the mainstream economic and political process
of society").





n57.  In Parts IV.C and V, I discuss the fallacy in believing that these
fortuitously matching values are either well-matched or even indigenous in their
sources.





n58.  Professor Simon describes this as a social value as well: the valorization
of wealth pervasive in the Protestant ethic. Simon, supra note 5, at 56-57. He
suggests that this social value teaches people survival skills. Id. ("The more
recent literature...urges wealth creation in minority communities as an
important social goal. Although wealth sometimes means public or collective
assets, these writers also suggest that private, individual wealth has social
benefits. Wealthy individuals are a potential philanthropic base for their
communities. They are role models that give hope to others in the community.
They serve as positive images to counter negative stereotypes of outsiders about
group members. While the old Protestant Ethic valued wealth as a sign of God's
favor, the new ethic values it as a sign of mainstream society's favor."); see
also Hylton, supra note 37, at 226-27 ("The evidence suggests that the lending
programs have had an effect on wealth accumulation and behavior.").





n59.  Servon, supra note 20, at 82-84 (discussing the experiences of some
microentrepreneurs in being subjected to "demeaning" and "inappropriate" jobs in
the welfare system); Id. at 11 ("In addition to helping people start and
stabilize businesses rather than preparing them for dead-end or non-existent
jobs, microenterprise programs help prove to people that with access to the
right resources they can do something useful that also engages them."); Morin,
supra note 5, at 171-72 ("Current welfare reform programs emphasize "quick
employment,' placing a limit on the number of participants in a state who can be
engaged in education or skills training. By contrast, microenterprise programs
"provide an alternative form of employment for welfare recipients who are
subject to the time limits on benefits embodied in the 1996 welfare reform
law.'").





n60.  See Servon, supra note 20, at 39 (quoting a funding source for the Mott
Foundation, itself a funding source for U.S. microlenders, as saying that
microlenders "provide an entry point into understanding how the economy works.
They learn by doing, they experiment with money, with buying and selling");
Anderson, supra note 35, at 87 ("Microcredit utilizes market mechanisms to
achieve its development aims... The distinguishing feature and fundamental
appeal of microcredit is that it explicitly uses market incentives to create a
credit market for the poor."); Susan R. Jones, Current Issues in the Changing
Roles and Practices of Community Economic Development Lawyers, 2002 Wis. L. Rev.
437, 441 (2002) ("Small business development and its subset, microenterprise,
have gained increased national attention due to changes in the economy, welfare
reform, and advances in technology.").





n61.  See, e.g., President George Bush, Address to the World Bank/International
Monetary Fund Annual Meeting (Sept. 27, 1989) (discussing Hernando de Soto's
development proposal concerning formalizing poor "informal" workers, stating:
"Governments must bring the "informal' workers into the regular economy-and then
get out of the way, and let individual enterprise flourish"), available at
http://bushlibrary.tamu.edu/research/papers/1989/89092700.html (last visited
July 5, 2005). One of the more stark recent examples of this reasoning can be
found in the welfare reform legislation of 1996, signed into law by President
Clinton. Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of
1996, Pub. L. No. 104-193, 110 Stat. 2105, 2184 (1996) ("The welfare system
contradicts fundamental American values that ought to be encouraged and
rewarded: work, family, personal responsibility, and self-sufficiency. Instead
the system subsidizes dysfunctional behavior."). Almost simultaneously with
signing his welfare reform legislation, President Clinton began to promote
microcredit and microenterprise initiatives, culminating in Hillary Rodham
Clinton's chairing of the Microenterprise Summit in Washington, D.C. in 1997.
Hope Lewis, Women (Under)Development: The Relevance of "The Right to
Development" to Poor Women of Color in the United States, 18 Law & Policy 281,
289 (1996) (describing the ironic connection between Clinton's welfare reform
efforts and promotion of microlending); At the Microcredit Summit First Lady
Gives Big Push for Small Loans to Poor; Hillary Clinton Told the Microcredit
Summit that Even the Smallest of Loans Can Change Lives, Orlando Sentinel,
February 4, 1997, available at 1997 WL 2752729 (quoting Mrs. Clinton: "I think
if more banks understood the tenacity, the commitment, the entrepreneurial
spirit of people like these who were given a chance to help themselves, we would
go a long way in not only extending credit, but in eliminating many of the
unfortunate stereotypes about people who are poor"). See generally Cummings,
supra note 54, at 424-29 (providing a history of neoconservative and neoliberal
reforms under Presidents Reagan, Bush and Clinton); Richard Taub, Making the
Adaptation Across Cultures and Societies: A Report on an Attempt to Clone the
Grameen Bank in Southern Arkansas (1988) (stating that present-day poverty
alleviation programs must provide only temporary assistance in order to win
political and popular support), available at
http://humdev.uchicago.edu/taubPublications/adaptionAcross.doc (last visited
July 5, 2005).





n62.  In Part IV.A, I detail the problem of market failure in the inner city
credit market. In short, such market failure results from information problems
and high transaction costs, among other things, which prevent mainstream lenders
from lending to inner city borrowers.





n63.  See, e.g., Simon, supra note 5, at 46-50 (discussing efficiency in
microlending using the context of a U.S. lender that has experimented with the
Grameen Bank's model and also describing the Grameen Bank's use of "social
capital" to achieve a ninety-eight percent repayment rate); Hylton, supra note
37, at 226-28 (discussing the success of the Grameen Bank model in reducing
information asymmetries and in developing "wealth accumulation and behavior");
Jaffer, supra note 5, at 200-01 (describing the efficiency gained by lenders in
using the Bank's peer lending approach); Solomon, supra note 8, at 201-02
(concluding that the use of solidarity groups amounts to substituting pressure
from outside with peer support from within the group). See supra notes 39-44 and
accompanying text.





n64.  I use the term "formality" here to refer to the imposition of legal rules
and consequences in connection with a transaction in which the participants
previously would have engaged with only unstated cultural or social rules, see
infra notes 293-303 and accompanying text, as well as to the more "personal
formality" described by Professor Simon in his discussion of the "orderly
collaboration" attempted by the CED movement. Simon, supra note 5, at 55
(describing such formality as "associated with norms of respect accorded actors
in mainstream institutions").





n65.  See Jones, supra note 8, at 195 ("The national political trend is away
from government entitlements and toward personal responsibility and economic
self-sufficiency."); McFarlane, supra note 1, at 311 (describing how both
conservatives and progressives support an "individualized "do what you can do to
help yourself'" approach); Alicia Ely Yamin, Reflections on Defining,
Understanding, and Measuring Poverty in Terms of Violations of Economic Social
Rights Under International Law, 4 Geo. J. on Fighting Poverty 273, 274 (1997)
("In the highly individualistic culture of the wealthy United States,...there is
a pervasive attitude that poverty reflects a failure to pull oneself up by the
proverbial bootstraps."). But see Morin, supra note 5, at 171 (describing the
solidarity circle as "emphasizing interdependence and giving back to the
community"). Morin's view of the solidarity circle is undermined by some of the
more recent studies of the Grameen Bank.





n66.  See supra notes 57-60, 65 and accompanying text. See also Horatio Alger,
Struggling Upward and Other Works (1945); Jeffrey Louis Decker, Made in America:
Self-Styled Success from Horatio Alger to Oprah Winfrey (1997); President George
Bush, Remarks on Arrival in Appleton, Wisconsin, 1992-93 Pub. Papers 1188, 1188
(July 27, 1992) ("I believe that those on welfare, what they really want is a
piece of the American dream: homeownership, a good job, opportunities for their
children, and strong, loving families."); Stephen F. Befort, Labor and
Employment Law at the Millennium: A Historical Review and Critical Assessment,
43 B.C. L. Rev. 351, 377 (2002) ("The dominant American self-image...is squarely
grounded in the cult of the individual. Fueled by generations of Horatio Alger
stories, working-class Americans dream of a middle-class future."). This
association has been credited with increases in the general population over the
last decade in the number of small businesses. Regulations and Small Businesses
Competitive: Hearing Before the Subcomm. on Reg. Reform and Oversight of House
Comm. on Small Business, 108th Cong. (2004) (prepared remarks of Rep. J.D.
Hayworth), available at 2004 WL 1168205 ("Small businesses are the driving force
of the U.S. economy, and owning your own business is part of the American
dream."); Jerry Ackerman, From Welfare to Work as Microentrepreneurs, The Boston
Globe, Sept. 28, 1997, available at 1997 WLNR 2372420 ("The interest [in
microenterprise] runs deeper than welfare politics. To many, microenterprise is
a philosophy, based on a belief that small businesses are the lifeblood of
America and that the spirit of entrepreneurship lies deep within all of us.");
Judy McCauley, Agency Celebrates 50 Years, Charleston Gazette, Apr. 30, 2000,
available at 2004 WL 59637390, (describing the success of small businesses in
West Virginia, as well as the commitment of the U.S. Small Business
Administration: "The success of small businesses reflects the innovation,
determination and hard work of West Virginians and Americans as a whole.");
Editorial, Candidate Q&A, The Cincinnati Enquirer, May 10, 2004, available at
2004 WLNR 16016474 (quoting John "Kelly" King, a candidate in the congressional
race to replace Rep. Ken Lucas, D-Richwood, as the representative of Kentucky's
4th District in the U.S. House, "the [new American] dream is to have your own
business").





n67.  Kenneth Anderson notes that self-sufficiency may be "the Holy Grail of the
microcredit community" because it implies "being able to self-finance growth out
of poverty from revenues of the poor communities themselves, the poor
bootstrapping their own communities out of poverty." Anderson, supra note 35, at
103.





n68.  See supra note 36 and accompanying text; see also Shahidur R. Khandker,
Fighting Poverty with Microcredit: Experience in Bangladesh 103 (1998)
(detailing the Bank's basis for determining self-sufficiency and projecting when
the Bank could become fully self-sufficient); Jaffer, supra note 5, at 184
(describing the Bank as one of a number of microlenders that have achieved
operational and/or financial self-sufficiency and commenting on the
attractiveness of this feature); Muhammad Yunus, Grameen Bank at a Glance ("GB
does not see any need to take any donor money or even take loans from local or
external sources in future. GB's growing amount of deposits will be more than
enough to run and expand its credit programme and repay its existing loans."),
at http://grameen-info.org/bank/GBGlance.htm (last visited June 28, 2004). But
some have disputed the Grameen Bank's claim of self-sufficiency, often by
pointing out that it bases this claim on factors that a traditional for-profit
business would not, such as the benefit the Bank derives from borrowing at lower
than market rates but investing at market rates. See, e.g., Rahman, supra note
15, at 130-31 (describing a number of studies that have concluded that the Bank
is not self-sufficient); Philip M. Nichols, Swapping Debt for Development: A
Theoretical Application of Swaps to the Creation of Microenterprise Lending
Institutions in Sub-Saharan Africa, 27 N.Y.U. J. Int'l L. & Pol. 43, 77 (1994)
("Although Grameen Bank claims to be profitable, it currently makes a profit
only because it borrows money at concessionary rates from donors, and reinvests
at prevailing rates.").





n69.  Thus, many U.S. observers of the Grameen Bank have been keenly interested
in reports about the Bank's interest rates, default rates, funding sources,
balance sheets, and similar data. See Chi-kan Richard Hung, From South to North:
Comparative Study of Group-Based Microcredit Programs in Developing Countries
and the United States, in Replicating Microfinance in the United States 223,
242-43 (James H. Carr & Zhong Yi Tong eds., 2002); Hylton, supra note 37, at
226-27; Jaffer, supra note 5, at 184, 198; Nichols, supra note 35, at 300;
Solomon, supra note 8, at 195-201. U.S. microlending organizations have mimicked
(or matched) the Bank in paying similarly thorough attention to their own
financial status and health. E.g., The Aspen Institute, supra note 8, at 1.





n70.  See Jamar, supra note 46, at 44 (characterizing the Sixteen Decisions as
an "informal "social development constitution of Grameen Bank'");William H.
Simon, The Community Economic Development Movement, 2002 Wis. L. Rev. 377, 421
(2002) ("the "Sixteen Decisions,'...make clear that discipline means a deferral
of selfish gratification...but also a willingness to hold one's peers
accountable."); Solomon, supra note 8, at 218 n.160 ("The Sixteen Decisions is
in effect a social development program designed to motivate group members.");
Taub, supra note 61, at 3-4 ("The Grameen operation is more than just a bank. It
is a morally tinged activity" that "extends far beyond what we would think of as
economic transactions" in order to make a person "middle class").





n71.  Simon, supra note 5, at 51-52 (likening the Sixteen Decisions' requirement
of discipline to the Protestant ethic of "self-restraint [which] links an
exigent religious faith to economic acquisitiveness and initiative").





n72.  Id. at 53-55, 58-67 (discussing the relationship between political
participation and economic participation). See also Morin, supra note 5, at 136.





n73.  Simon, supra note 5, at 55-56, 71-72.





n74.  Id. at 55 ("Formality is valued because it facilitates orderly
collaboration, because it protects individuals from enforced intimacy, and
because it is associated with norms of respect accorded to actors in mainstream
institutions.").





n75.  Id. at 53-55, 58-67 (suggesting that CED's rhetoric resonates with the
theme of "republicanism"); Scott L. Cummings, The Paradox of Community: A View
from the Prismatic Metropolis, 13 J. Affordable Housing & Community Dev. L. 8, 8
(2003) ("The circumscribed geographic focus of CED is not accidental; rather, it
is critical to the realization of local economic self-sufficiency and a form of
direct political participation rooted in civic republican ideals."); see also
Troutt, supra note 53, at 427-34 (discussing at length the relationship between
"wealth formation and consumer infrastructures" and "a relationship with
government typically characterized by political participation and
accommodation"). Celia Taylor discusses the political and social empowerment of
women as an important goal of microcredit generally. Taylor, supra note 20, at
320 ("Women's participation in income-producing activities makes them important
members of traditional power centers of society, thereby altering existing
social structures.").





n76.  Simon, supra note 5, at 53-54 ("Related to the theme of discipline is that
of surveillance. CED institutions extend the experience of being observed by
one's neighbors and colleagues. This is...apparent in the design of
institutions, such as the Grameen Bank...that repeatedly bring people into
personal contact with one another."). Taub attributes the interest in the
solidarity circle also to a dual desire to teach poor people how to build
individual wealth while being supported and encouraged by a group. Taub, supra
note 61, at 1-4.





n77.  The positive coverage of the Grameen Bank by scholars and practitioners,
by the popular press, and by politicians has caused others in a variety of legal
disciplines to consider whether the Grameen Bank model might help to solve their
own particular legal concerns as well. See, e.g., Richard L. Ottinger & Rebecca
Williams, Renewable Energy Sources for Development, 32 Envtl. L. 331, 363 (2002)
(citing the Grameen Bank as an example of loan aggregation); O. Lee Reed,
Nationbuilding 101: Reductionism in Property, Liberty, and Corporate Governance,
36 Vand. J. Transnat'l L. 673, 695 n.90 (2003) (describing the Grameen Bank
model as a "bottom-up, property-based approach to economic development"); Global
HIV Prevention Working Group, Global Mobilization for HIV Prevention: A
Blueprint for Action, 1 Seattle J. for Soc. Just. 297, 355-56 (2002) ("Donor
nations must significantly increase support for microfinance programs, girls'
education initiatives, mechanisms to enforce laws against sexual trafficking and
commercial exploitation of children, and other strategies to increase the
economic, legal, political, and social power of women.").





n78.  Bornstein, supra note 9, at 335 (describing the South Shore Bank and
WSEP); Solomon, supra note 8, at 202-06 (describing WSEP). In its early attempts
to use the Grameen Bank model, WSEP replicated the model faithfully, even using
the same number of borrowers in its solidarity circles. Id. at 205.





n79.  Bornstein, supra note 9, at 332 (noting that the Association for
Enterprise Opportunity, a trade association, listed 400 members); Yunus, supra
note 36, at 189 (mentioning 250 U.S. microlenders). As of today, there are as
many as 650 organizations described as microlenders or microenterprise programs.
See generally The Aspen Institute, supra note 8 (listing 650 programs engaged in
microenterprise work of some kind, the majority of which engage in lending). One
well-known microlender that has used some features of the Grameen Bank's model
is ACCION USA, which runs microlending programs in Albuquerque, Chicago, El
Paso, New York City, San Antonio, and San Diego. ACCION's U.S. programs provide
credit in the range of $ 200 to $ 25,000 and some technical assistance to
microentrepreneurs who cannot obtain business credit from mainstream sources.
See Cristina Himes & Lisa J. Servon, Measuring Client Success: An Evaluation of
ACCION's Impact on Microenterprise in the United States 1 (ACCION, U.S. Issues
Series No. 2, 1998).





n80.  Susan R. Jones, A Legal Guide to Microenterprise Development: Battling
Poverty through Self-Employment 10 n.6 (1998) ("Founded in 1991, the Association
for Enterprise Opportunity (AEO) is a national association of organizations
committed to microenterprise development. Representing the U.S. microenterprise
agenda, AEO's membership includes microenterprise practitioners, individuals,
public agencies, funders, and others who share in its mission."); Talen et al.,
supra note 8, at 331-32 ("Many programs now belong to one or more trade groups,
including the national group, the Association for Enterprise Opportunity, and a
sector-based group, the National Association of Small Business Administration
Microloan Intermediaries.").





n81.  The Aspen Institute, Milestones (noting that the first project of the
Economic Opportunities Program, the Self-Employment Learning Project (SELP), was
created "to study the effectiveness of micro-enterprise development"), at
http://www.aspeninstitute.org/atf/cf/[DEB6F227-659B-4EC8-8F84-8DF23CA704F5]/GREA
TMOMENTS.PDF (last visited June 20, 2005); Fund for Innovation, Effectiveness,
Learning, and Dissemination, About FIELD: Background (describing the
microenterprise Fund for Innovation, Effectiveness, Learning and Dissemination
(FIELD), established in 1998 by The Aspen Institute, "to identify, develop, and
disseminate best practices in the field of microenterprise, and to publicize the
value of microenterprise as an anti-poverty intervention"), at
http://www.fieldus.org/about/background.html (last visited June 20, 2005);
ACCION International, ACCION Publications Series (displaying ACCION
International's publication list), at http://www.accion.org/micro_pubs_list.asp
(last visited June 20, 2005) [hereinafter ACCION Publications Series].





n82.  Fund for Innovation, Effectiveness, Learning, and Dissemination, FIELD
Publications (listing publications concerning best practices, feasibility and
performance testing, management and training), at
http://fieldus.org/publications/index.html (last visited June 20, 2005)
[hereinafter FIELD Publications]. One such publication concerns the MicroTest,
which was established in 1997 by and for practitioners interested in
strengthening the level of performance among programs facilitating
self-employment as an asset development and anti-poverty strategy. According to
the Institute, MicroTest is a "management tool that empowers microenterprise
practitioners to gauge and improve the performance of their program and the
outcomes of their clients." Fund for Innovation, Effectiveness, Learning, and
Dissemination, FIELD Learning & Innovations: MicroTest, at
http://www.fieldus.org/li/microtest.html (last visited June 20, 2005).





n83.  Rahman, supra note 15, at 14 (describing the Summit); Microcredit Summit
Campaign, Hompage (describing the Summit's nine-year campaign to reach "100
million of the world's poorest families, especially the women of those families,
[with] credit for self-employment and other financial and business services by
the year 2005"), at http://www.microcreditsummit.org (last visited June 20,
2005) [hereinafter Microcredit Summit Campaign]; see also Canadian Council for
International Cooperation, The Global Microcredit Summit: Opportunities for
Improved Micro-Enterprise Programming? 2-3 (1996) (listing organizers and
participants, including ACCION International, Women's World Banking, the Grameen
Bank and the Women's Self Employment Project of Chicago), at
http://www.ccic.ca/e/archives/lc_1996-12_global_ micro_credit.pdf (last visited
June 20, 2005). The first annual meeting of the Summit was chaired by then First
Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton, adding further political support and media
attention for the cause.





n84.  Servon, supra note 20, at 3 (stating that U.S. microlenders' "single
common denominator is that they serve as lenders of last resort, providing
credit to people who want to be self-employed but who cannot obtain credit
through traditional channels"); Association for Enterprise Opportunity, Mission
& History (describing the mission of the Association for Enterprise Opportunity
(AEO) as working to "support[] the development of strong and effective U.S.
microenterprise programs to assist underserved entrepreneurs in starting,
stabilizing, and expanding businesses"), available at
http://www.microenterpriseworks.org/whoweare/profile/ (last visited Apr. 20,
2005); see also Elaine Edgcomb et al., The Practice of Microenterprise in the
U.S.: Strategies, Costs, and Effectiveness 1 (1996) ("The act of extending the
loan to an entrepreneur who does not generally have access to credit elsewhere
conveys the [microenterprise] program's belief in the entrepreneur."), available
at http://www.fieldus.org/publications/Microenterprise.pdf (last visited June
20, 2005); ACCION USA, Mission ("ACCION USA's mission is to make access to
credit a permanent resource to low-and moderate-income small businesses owners
in the United States. By providing small or "micro' loans to men and women who
have been shut out of the traditional banking sector, ACCION helps build their
businesses and increase their incomes."), at
http://www.accionusa.org/mission.asp (last visited Apr. 11, 2005).





n85.  Servon, supra note 20, at 8 (indicating that loan sizes studied averaged
between $ 800 and $ 4000; loans are made generally for the purpose of starting
businesses); Hung, supra note 69, at 241 (noting that the average loan size of
programs studied was $ 1467); The Aspen Institute, supra note 8, at xviii
(reporting that 45.3% of programs surveyed make loans between $ 15,000 and $
25,000 and 39% make loans smaller than $ 15,000; such loans are made for
starting or maintaining businesses);. See also Shari Berenbach & Craig
Churchill, Regulation and Supervision of Microfinance Institutions 10 (The
MicroFinance Network, Occasional Paper No. 1, 1997) ( "Microfinance institutions
("MFI') initiate borrowers with small, short-term loans. Although the loan sizes
vary from country to country, nearly all MFIs in developing countries offer
initial loans less than U.S. $ 1,000, and many offer initial loans of less than
U.S. $ 100.").





n86.  Jones, supra note 80, at 28 ("Microenterprise programs are usually
nonprofit corporations chartered under the laws of the state in which the
program operates and exempt from state tax as well."); Talen et al., supra note
8, at 333 (U.S. microlenders typically are non-profit and community-based);The
Aspen Institute, supra note 8, at xi (noting that all 650 programs listed by the
FIELD directory of microenterprise programs are non-profit).





n87.  Himes & Servon, supra note 79, at 2 ("87% of the nearly 2,000
microentrepreneurs who have received credit from an ACCION program are members
of a minority group. 40% are women."); Hung, supra note 69, at 230-31
(fifty-five to one hundred percent of the borrowers in his sample study of
thirty-three U.S. microlenders in sixteen states were women); The Aspen
Institute, supra note 8, at xvii (noting that during FY2000, "32,314 women
clients were served, and 62% of programs had a client base of more than 50%
women," and "25,595 minority clients were served, and 45% of programs had a
client base of more than 50% minorities").





n88.  The Aspen Institute, supra note 8, at xv (noting that 72.4% of
microenterprise agencies provide services to urban areas, 60.5% to rural areas,
and 41.8% to suburban areas). This distinction between urban, suburban and rural
is sensible, as populations often differ greatly between urban inner city
settings and suburban or more rural communities. Such differences can have broad
programmatic implications concerning such things as types of business started
(for example, agricultural versus street vending) and types of cultural
associations that can be leveraged in the lending process (for example among
minority or immigrant populations in different inner cities).





n89.  William Burrus & Katherine Stearns, Building a Model: ACCION's Approach to
Microenterprise in the United States 26 (ACCION, U.S. Issues Series No. 1, 1997)
(stating that ACCION associates "offer several different loan products:
solidarity group loans in which microentrepreneurs form groups of three to six
members to guarantee each others' loans; small individual loans of less than $
5000; and large individual loans of $ 5000 or more"); Jaffer, supra note 5, at
200 (stating that "more than one hundred microcredit programs in the United
States alone (primarily in inner city areas) are modeled on the Grameen Bank");
Jones, supra note 8, at 199 n.12 (stating that many U.S. microenterprise
programs are based on the Bank's peer lending model); Morin, supra note 5, at
135 ("In the U.S., Grameen values have been adapted to suit cultural and social
differences. For example, the Women's Self-Employment Project (WSEP) utilizes
both group lending, based on the Grameen model, and a more traditional
individual lending program."); Taub, supra note 61 (describing the Good Faith
Fund in Arkansas, which originally followed the Grameen Bank's model exactly,
but eventually gave up peer lending as well as most other characteristics of the
Grameen Bank's model); The Aspen Institute, supra note 8, at xviii (indicating
that during FY2000, of the 198 reporting lending programs, "36 practitioner
agencies provided loans using a group lending method; 182 agencies provided
individual lending, and 21 used another lending strategy," and some programs
employed multiple lending strategies.").





n90.  See, e.g., Burrus & Stearns, supra note 89, at 31 ("For individual loan
products, [ACCION] programs are very flexible about the type of physical
collateral they accept, but generally require better quality collateral (such as
vehicles or equipment) for larger loans. For loans of $ 3,000 and more,
individual borrowers usually need a co-signer. Smaller loans can be backed by
household appliances, furniture, inventory, or other items."); Solomon, supra
note 8, at 203 (stating that, to receive a loan from the Women's Self-Employment
Project's self-employment training program and loan fund for individual women,
"the borrower must provide collateral of 50% of the loan's value").





n91.  Jones, supra note 80, at 33 ("Some microenterprise programs require
collateral in order for the microbusiness to receive the loan... Because many
microbusinesses do not have these types of assets, some programs permit
participants to use non-traditional collateral such as jewelry or bicycles.
Alternatively, group lending provides "moral collateral.'").

   Additionally, default rates and enforcement measures differ widely among U.S.
microlenders. See, e.g., Servon, supra note 20, at 37-38 (discussing a 1994
study by the Mott Foundation that found an "overall delinquency rate of 19.2
percent...and an annual default rate of 9.5 percent"); Stearns, supra note 41,
at 13 (asserting that different microlenders use different measures for
determining default rates, and that the effect can be reporting that is
misleading or inflated); Hung, supra note 69, at 245 ("U.S. programs waited
between 3 and 6 months before writing off a delinquent loan as a loss.
Accordingly, the default rates for the U.S. average, Working Capital, and the
NCRC would be 4.7, 3.2, and 6.9 percent, respectively."). But see Jeremy Black
et al., For Good Measure: Performance of the U.S. Microenterprise Industry 34
(The Aspen Institute 2002). This recent study of forty-six microenterprise
programs in the United States indicates an average default rate of five percent
for FY 2000. Forty percent of the reporting programs (seventeen microlenders in
all) had default rates below 2.2%.





n92.  Morin, supra note 5, at 133-34 ("Microenterprise development came to the
United States in 1983, as a result of a Ford Foundation study of the Grameen
Bank Project by Mary Houghton and Ron Grzywinski, two bankers who worked for the
South Shore Bank in Chicago."); Solomon, supra note 8, at 203 (noting that one
of the Women's Self Employment Project's programs is modeled on the Grameen
Bank); Grameen Foundation USA, Programs (listing some of the U.S. microlenders
modeled on the Grameen Bank), at http://www.gfusa.org/gbrp/usprog.html (last
visited July 5, 2005).





n93.  Solomon, supra note 8, at 202-03. Other U.S. organizations that have tried
the solidarity circle approach include the Good Faith Fund in Arkansas (Taub,
supra note 61, at 2) and Working Capital in New Hampshire and Massachusetts
(Servon, supra note 20, at 69-72 (describing this program's peer lending
approach)). Working Capital has recently merged with ACCION USA. Interview with
Livingston Parsons, III, Vice President, Lending Operations, ACCION USA, in
Boston, Mass. (Nov. 7, 2003) [hereinafter Interview with Livingston Parsons,
III].





n94.  See, e.g., Solomon, supra note 8, at 202-03 (commenting on the goal of the
Women's Self Employment Project to "provide access to credit to enable
low-income women to become economically self-sufficient"); Women's Initiative
for Self-Employment (discussing the Women's Initiative for Self-Employment,
which provides "comprehensive business training, on-going technical assistance
and financing for Bay Area low-income women"), at
http://www.womensinitiative.org/aboutus/about-main.htm (last visited Apr. 20,
2005). For a more complete list, see Black et al., supra note 91, Appendices.





n95.  See, e.g., Morin, supra note 5, at 135 (stating that the WSEP uses a
variation of the Grameen Bank's "Sixteen Decisions"); Good Faith Fund, Our
Programs (stating that their aim is to give people "skills, training and support
they need to make better lives for themselves. We do this through a unique
compliment of workforce training, asset development and public policy programs
that make real and effective changes in the lives of low-income families."), at
http://www.goodfaithfund.org/about/index.html (last visited Apr. 20, 2005).
Given their significant transmutation from the Grameen Bank's list of behavioral
changes to the more generalized training and social development provided by U.S.
microlenders, the Sixteen Decisions have been more the focus of scholars and
other commentators rather than of microlending practitioners.





n96.  Talen et. al., supra note 8, at 334; see also Servon, supra note 20, at 39
("As they mature, many programs are emphasizing training at least as much as
lending."); Hung, supra note 69, at 241 ("Adding training is a significant
adaptation of the peer-group lending methodology to an industrial economy like
the United States."); The Aspen Institute, supra note 8, at xviii (reporting
that eighty-eight percent of microenterprise agencies surveyed provided
one-on-one counseling to microentrepreneurs and seventy-seven percent provided
"classroom-type" business training). One commentator notes:



   While the focus of the U.S. programs remains on the provision of credit, most
administrators feel that, in the paper-based and legally sensitive settings of
developed countries, some amount of training and technical assistance is
needed... Most programs include a limited overview of business planning and cash
flow in the orientation sessions for new [lending] groups. The primary purpose
is to give group members a foundation upon which they can question each other
about business ideas and effectively "review' loan proposals from members of
their group.

 Linda Hoke, Creating an Entrepreneurial Culture: Microenterprises in the
Southern Economy 9, 11 (Southern Growth Policies Board, SGPB Alert No. 32,
1990). In contrast, the Grameen Bank's philosophy is to avoid providing training
or business advice. See Bornstein, supra note 9, at 135, 336; Yunus, supra note
36, at 140.





n97.  The number of loans made by U.S. microenterprise programs is perhaps the
most telling evidence of a diverging practice, despite the similar rhetoric used
by U.S. programs and the Grameen Bank. According to The Aspen Institute, of the
540,852 individuals served since the programs were established, only 34,472
borrowers have received loans. Moreover, thirty-three percent of the
microenterprise agencies surveyed provide only training and counseling and do
not disburse any loan funds. The Aspen Institute, supra note 8, at xvi, xix; see
also Black et Al., supra note 91, Appendix A at 46 (listing the number of
programs that are training-led versus credit-led); Lisa Servon, Fulfilling the
Potential of the U.S. Microenterprise Strategy, in Replicating Microfinance in
the United States 169, 177 (James H. Carr & Zhong Yi Tong eds., 2002) ("Nearly
all U.S. microenterprise programs include a training component, which in many
cases dominates the lending activity.").





n98.  For example, as I describe below, these organizations must also consider
carefully whether their expectations about the market's ability to alleviate
poverty are realistic. See infra notes 206-210 and accompanying text. On the
other hand, these training-focused organizations are far more effective than the
lending-focused organizations in alleviating the conditions that may cause
continuing market failure, quelling some of my concerns on that issue. See infra
notes 268-270 and accompanying text.





n99.  See, e.g., discussion infra Part IV.B, where I posit that training efforts
in the United States are analogous to formalization efforts in developing
countries.





n100.  See, e.g., discussion infra Parts IV.C, V.A.





n101.  Interestingly, while there have always been voices (especially among
practitioners within the movement) arguing that transfer of the microcredit
model wholesale is impossible, this seems to be a growing refrain as knowledge
about efforts in the United States increases. See, e.g., Bornstein, supra note
9, at 335 (describing the experiences of the South Shore Bank in Chicago in
attempting to transfer the model); Talen et al., supra note 8, at 338 ("Though
there are many excellent practices in developing countries, their applicability
to the United States is limited given that there are substantial contextual
differences.").





n102.  See, e.g., Jones, supra note 60 at 441 ("[A] central change in CED
practice is the increased importance of economic self-sufficiency" and thus of
microenterprise programs); Solomon, supra note 8, at 202 (noting that U.S.
"microenterprise lenders assume that access to capital and the entry of
microentrepreneurs into the market improves economic welfare"); Lucie E. White,
Feminist Microenterprise: Vindicating the Rights of Women in the New Global
Order?, 50 Me. L. Rev. 327, 330 (1998) (discussing the belief of some feminist
legal activists that "by owning small businesses women will become powerful as
market actors"); see also Cummings, supra note 54, at 438 (describing and then
critiquing microenterprise, a "central component of market-based CED
strategies," as a poverty alleviation effort).





n103.  With the signing of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity
Reconciliation Act of 1996, Pub. L. No. 104-193, 110 Stat. 2105 (1996),
President Clinton radically redefined welfare in the United States.
Specifically, this statute eliminated Aid for Families with Dependent Children
("AFDC"), and substituted a more limited and restrictive welfare program,
Temporary Assistance to Needy Families ("TANF"). The new law established work
requirements for recipients of assistance who are able to work, as well as a
five-year limit on the receipt of federally funded assistance. Although the 1996
Act expired in 2002, it was reauthorized in 2003 by the Welfare Reform Extension
Act of 2003, Pub. L. No. 108-40 (2003). The 2003 Act includes new mandates and
funding for government promotion of marriage, conditions which have been
criticized for their unproven effectiveness, coercive nature, and the
possibility that they may unduly place domestic violence victims at increased
risk. Id. Yet another indicator of the shift from maintenance to
self-sufficiency was the Empowerment Zone legislation passed in 1996, which
Audrey McFarlane describes as "different from previous urban revitalization
efforts because its emphasis is on business and job development rather than the
mere provision of social services." McFarlane, supra note 1, at 297.





n104. " The Charles Stewart Mott Foundation initiated its Microenterprise
Welfare-to-Work Demonstration and Evaluation in 1998." Ilgar Alisultanov et.
al., Microenterprise as a Welfare to Work Strategy: One Year Findings 3 (The
Aspen Institute, Oct. 2002), available at
http://www.fieldus.org/publications/WTWResearchRpt2.pdf (last visited July 5,
2005). The demonstration found that "in the year after program enrollment, the
household income of participants grew by 29 percent, from $ 11,689 to $ 15, 068
on average... Across all participants, the share of TANF benefits in total
household income declined from thirty percent to thirteen percent in the year
after program enrollment." Id. at 6. Participants in the demonstration included
the Women's Self-Employment Project, the Institute for Social and Economic
Development, and the Worker Ownership Resource Center, among various other
organizations providing microenterprise programs. Id. at 4. See also Burrus &
Stearns, supra note 89, at 9 (stating that "the growing national debate on
welfare reform encouraged ACCION to contribute its knowledge of and experience
with microenterprise development as a possible alternative to welfare for some
individuals"); Jones, supra note 8 at 202 ("One half to two-thirds of
microenterprise programs target welfare recipients for self-employment
training."). In addition, it may well be true that early "successes" in
microlending spurred the drive for welfare reform in its early stages and
provided more left-leaning national politicians with a sense of legitimacy.





n105.  See, e.g., Joanna Ledgerwood, Microfinance Handbook: An Institutional and
Financial Perspective 2 (1999) (discussing how the "need to achieve financial
sustainability" impacts the goals of the microfinance industry); Stearns, supra
note 41, at 7 (describing financial self-sufficiency as integral to long-term
survival of microlenders); Anderson, supra note 35, at 103
("Sustainability...for a long time has been the Holy Grail of the microcredit
community."); Burrus & Stearns, supra note 89, at 10 (stating that a key lesson
that ACCION has learned from its experiences in Latin America, which has been
incorporated into the launch of its U.S. initiative, is that "microlending
operations must be managed with an objective of economic viability. In order for
programs to address the unmet credit need of the microenterprise sector in the
United States on a permanent basis, they must eventually move away from
donations and derive enough income from lending to cover the costs of lending").
But see Anderson, supra note 35, at 103 ("Microcredit organizations only very
rarely succeed in covering their costs; self-sustainability is much more the
extraordinary exception than the rule for microcredit organizations."); Taibi,
supra note 40, at 1527 ("Given the small size of the loans involved, the high
transaction costs, and the costs of providing technical assistance, it is
unlikely that [microenterprise] programs can be self-sufficient, even if they
charge market rates of interest."). This objective is part of a broader
discussion about the proper role of non-governmental organizations vis-a-vis
states and the market. See, e.g., Bishwapriya Sanyal, The Role of NGOs: Charity
and Empowerment: NGOs Self-Defeating Quest for Autonomy, 554 Annals Am. Acad.
Pol. & Soc. Sci. 21, 21-32 (1997); Taylor, supra note 20, at 308.





n106.  Servon, supra note 20, at 56; see supra note 94 and accompanying text;
see also Himes & Servon, supra note 79, at 48 (stating that "gaining confidence
was closely linked to the sense of opportunity clients gained from the ACCION
programs").





n107.  However, a significant number of U.S. microlenders lend to people who are
not poor. See Howells, supra note 5, at 171 ("U.S. microenterprise support
programs fail to focus exclusively, or even predominantly, on welfare-dependent
persons."); Hung, supra note 69, at 239 (stating that only 42% of the U.S.
programs in his study targeted low-income residents in the community"); The
Aspen Institute, supra note 8, at xvii (stating that 70% of microlenders
reported that more than 50% of their clients' household income was below 80% of
the area median income as defined by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development). Moreover, studies have noted that U.S. micro-borrowers have far
more access to credit than Bangladeshi women. See, e.g., Hung, supra note 69, at
232-33 (stating that 82% of Grameen Bank borrowers had not received a loan
before, in contrast to only 22% of U.S. micro-borrowers [this percentage in the
United States may be even lower because Hung's study did not include loans from
family and friends]). As I will discuss in greater detail below, this latter
statistic also suggests that U.S. microlenders are not reaching the poorest of
the poor. See infra notes 159, 257-258 and accompanying text. On the other hand,
the above statistics may not adequately reflect the lower availability of
credit, bank accounts and other formal participation in the financial market
experienced by African Americans and other racial minorities in the United
States. See infra note 237 and accompanying text.





n108.  Concerning the Grameen Bank's borrowers, see Breaking the vicious cycle
of poverty through microcredit, supra note 15 (stating that the success of the
Grameen Bank approach "shows that a number of objections to lending to the poor
can be overcome if careful supervision and management are provided). Moreover:



   For example, it had earlier been thought that the poor would not be able to
find remunerative occupations. In fact, Grameen borrowers have successfully done
so. It was thought that the poor would not be able to repay; in fact, repayment
rates reached 97 percent. It was thought that poor rural women in particular
were not bankable; in fact, they accounted for 94 percent of borrowers in early
1992.

 Id. Concerning U.S. programs, see Servon, supra note 20, at 56 (discussing one
microlender's focus on teaching women about business and financing); Burrus &
Stearns, supra note 89, at 41 (stating that an ACCION client is "likely never to
have had access to any formal or informal credit source, including family or
friends, as to have had a credit card or other kind of credit, usually for
consumer purposes or from a supplier"). The Association for Enterprise
Opportunity relates:



   AEO has learned that low-income entrepreneurs can greatly benefit from
increased knowledge of the benefits of banking and savings principles. For
example, entrepreneurs need to learn the importance of establishing checking
accounts and savings accounts, like Individual Development Accounts (IDAs); the
importance of establishing a credit rating and, in many instances, learning
about credit rehabilitation. They need to understand the importance of tax laws
and other regulatory issues; the importance of sound accounting principles and
types of insurance, etc.

 Association for Enterprise Opportunity, Key Elements of Microenterprise
Development, at http://www.microenterpriseworks.org/about/keyelements.htm (last
visited July 5, 2005).





n109.  Concerning microbusinesses in Bangladesh, see Mohammad A. Auwal,
Promoting Microcapitalism in the Service of the Poor: The Grameen Model and its
Cross-Cultural Adaptation, 33 J. Bus. Comm. 27, 31 (1996) ("The Grameen members
use these indigenous skills to invest loans in more than 400 individual
income-generating activities and more than 100 group business enterprises....").
Concerning microbusinesses in the United States, see Peggy Clark & Amy J. Kays,
Enabling Entrepreneurship: Microenterprise Development in the United States
29-30 (1995) Clark and Kays state (stating that in the United States,
"microbusiness activities include desktop publishing, catfish farming,
specialized high-volume embroidery, jewelry-making, and clothing sales....");
Talen et al., supra note 8, at 334-35 ("In developing countries,
microenterprises are usually engaged in production-based economic activities,
such as food processing and petty trade, whereas in the United States
microenterprises can be found in industries across the board, from manufacturing
to services to sales."). However, as I will discuss, there are also some
significant differences in start-up costs, markets and level of business
knowledge that appear necessary for micro-entrepreneurs to succeed in Bangladesh
versus in the United States. See infra notes 144-162 and accompanying text.





n110.  A number of the most cited studies of the Grameen Bank are by employees,
affiliates or funding sources of the Bank. See, e.g., Counts, supra note 10;
Andreas Fuglesang & Dale Chandler, Participation as Process: Process as Growth
(1986); Yunus, supra note 36; Muhammad Yunus, Jorimon and Others: Faces of
Poverty (1991); Mahabub Hossain, The Grameen Bank: Its Origins, Organization and
Management Style, in The Grameen Bank: Poverty Relief in Bangladesh (Abu N.M.
Wahid ed., 1993); Shahidur R. Khandker et al., Grameen Bank: Performance
Sustainability (World Bank, Discussion Paper No. 306, 1995); Atiur Rahman, Rural
Development from Below: Lessons Learned from Grameen Bank Experience in
Bangladesh, 25 J. Socio-Econ. 189 (1992); Wahid, supra note 32; see also
Feldman, supra note 48, at 57 (describing the Grameen Bank as an "international
success" which has been replicated worldwide); Muhammad Yunus, The Grameen Bank,
Sci. Am., Nov. 1999, at 114, 118 (noting replication of the Grameen model in
Malaysia, Bolivia, and "similar success stories...in poor countries
everywhere"); Grameen Trust, The Grameen Bank Replication Program (describing
the Grameen Bank Replication Program as having the "objective of participating
in and contributing to the worldwide crusade against poverty"), at
http://www.grameen-info.org/grameen/gtrust/replication.html (last visited July
6, 2004).





n111.  Robert Friedman & Puchka Sahay, Six Steps Forward for Microenterprise
Development, in 1996 Entrepreneurial Econ. Rev. 32-37 (1996); Beth Duff-Brown,
Microcredit Banks Grows out of a $ 27 Investment; A Bangladesh economics
professor tested his theories in one village. His success inspired a model for
small loans worldwide, L.A. Times, Apr. 4, 2004, at A10; Alan Jolis, The Miracle
of "Micro-Credit': A Bank for the Down and Out, in World Press Review, Sept.
1996, at 16; Judy Mann, Small Loans are Changing the World, Wash. Post, Sept.
15, 1999, at C15; Teresa Puente, Tiny Loans Help Entrepreneurs Battle Poverty;
Cash lets owners expand ventures, Chi. Tribune, Nov. 23, 2001, at N1. These
sources also are frequently cited by members of the U.S. development community
who have discussed importation of the Grameen Bank's model.





n112.  Bornstein, supra note 9, at 231 (quoting Muhammad Yunus, the Grameen
Bank's founder).





n113.  Yunus, supra note 110, at 114, 117 (noting that "after 50 installments
have been repaid, a borrower pays her interest, which is slightly above the
commercial rate"); Grameen, What is Microcredit? ("Grameen credit's thumb-rule
is to keep the interest rate as close to the market rate, prevailing in the
commercial banking sector, as possible, without sacrificing sustainability."),
at http://www.grameen-info.org/mcredit/ (last visited July 5, 2005).





n114.  Azizah al-Hibri, On Being a Muslim Corporate Lawyer, 27 Tex. Tech L. Rev.
947, 956 n.29 (1996) ("It is worth reflecting upon the fact that Grameen Bank
started with a different lending approach to the poor, based on low interest
rates. It appears, however, that market forces, such as the demands of capital
suppliers, have made the bank restructure these rates upward."); Khandker et
al., supra note 110, at 63-65 (emphasizing self-sufficiency in measuring the
Grameen Bank's success, and discussing the increase in interest rates as related
to the pursuit of self-sufficiency).





n115.  I use the term "above-market" here to refer to commercial interest rates
in the mainstream market for credit. These are the rates that the Bank and
others use as a reference point. See discussion supra note 113 and infra note
116 and accompanying text. Arguably, however, mainstream commercial rates are
not a meaningful reference point because interest rates vary with risk and there
are no loans in the mainstream market that carry the same risk as those in the
microcredit market. The lack of physical collateral, the small loan size
relative to loan cost, and the guarantee of the circle all distinguish
microloans from mainstream loans.





n116.  Rahman, supra note 15, at 133 (stating that in 1994-95, "the annual net
interest rate charged by the Grameen Bank was 20 percent, which was 8 to 10
percent higher than the commercial market rates in the country."); Id. at 146
(according to this study, because the "bank charged interest on borrowers'
partially paid-off principal," the "actual annual interest realized from
borrowers [that year] was 31.68 percent."); al-Hibri, supra note 114, at 956
n.29 ("The bank charges interest four points above the commercial rate.")
(quoting David Bornstein, The Barefoot Bank with Cheek, Atlantic Monthly, Dec.
1995, at 40).





n117.  Ishtiaq Hossain, An Experiment in Sustainable Human Development: The
Grameen Bank of Bangladesh, 15 J. of Third World Stud. 39, 41 (1998) (noting
ninety-eight percent repayment rate of Grameen Bank borrowers); Nichols, supra
note 68, at 67 (stating that the Grameen Bank has a ninety-eight percent rate of
repayment, which is significantly greater than the "commercial default rate in
Bangladesh of seventy to ninety percent"); Yunus, supra note 110, at 114, 117
(stating that the repayment rate "hovers between 96 and 100 percent"); Credit
delivery system, supra note 10 ("The repayment rate on loans is currently - 95
per cent - due to group pressure and self-interest, as well as the motivation of
borrowers.").





n118.  Holcombe, supra note 52 (discussing importance of extensive network of
branches and employees); Ruhul Amin et al., Poor Women's Participation in
Income-Generating Projects and Their Fertility Regulation in Rural Bangladesh:
Evidence from a Recent Survey, 22 World Dev. 555, 556 (1994) (citing studies
showing that the Bank's success in maintaining a high recovery rate ranging
between ninety-six and one hundred percent is "thanks either to group
responsibility and group pressure and/or grassroots mobilization efforts");
Jain, supra note 52, at 79, 83 (arguing that the ninety-eight percent repayment
rate of Grameen Bank borrowers should not be attributed to the group guarantee
innovation - which did not, in fact, guarantee loan repayment of individual
members - but rather to Grameen Bank's fostering of a "credit-responsive culture
among borrower members," making it a ""cultural habit' for each individual
member to follow Bank norms"); Nichols, supra note 68, at 69 (arguing that
Grameen Bank's "operational success" is a result of the fact that "it lends only
to persons whose projects will probably generate sufficient income to repay the
loan" and "policing of borrowers is done at the local level"); Rahman, supra
note 110, at 197, 203 (observing the importance of Grameen Bank workers in
forming loan groups, familiarizing group members with Bank rules and
regulations, closely supervising members once loans are disbursed, and
explaining how loans are repaid in small weekly installments so members do not
feel the "burden'); Solomon, supra note 8, at 199 (discussing small loans and
extensive branches as important to the Bank's success); Joseph E. Stiglitz, Peer
Monitoring and Credit Markets, 4 World Bank Econ. Rev. 351, 353 (1990)
(discussing the Bank's reliance on local knowledge).





n119.  Nichols, supra note 35, at 299-300 ("Grameen Bank acts in many respects
as a typical commercial bank, albeit with a customer base consisting of the very
poor of Bangladesh."); Solomon, supra note 8, at 195 (likening the Grameen Bank
to a "typical commercial bank"). But see Yunus, supra note 36, at 61-62
(describing the Bank's methodology as the opposite of commercial banks in
Bangladesh, which, because of such things as written forms and requirements
concerning physical collateral, make it impossible for the poor to borrow
money); Shahidur R. Khandker, Grameen Bank: Impact, Costs, and Program
Sustainability, 14 Asian Dev. Rev. 97, 103 (1996) (discussing how, in contrast
to traditional banks that loan on the basis of physical collateral, Grameen Bank
introduced innovative methods to reduce the "behavioral and material risks of
lending," e.g., group lending, mandatory savings, mandatory insurance to protect
against material production risks, and the introduction of seasonal loans).





n120.  See Rahman, supra note 110, at 197; see also Jaffer, supra note 5, at 186
(noting that one theory for the success of microfinance institutes (MFIs) is
that they have "relied heavily on "peer pressure' and pre-existing social norms,
relying on culture, religion, and "social collateral' to provide the incentives
conventionally provided by physical collateral"); Id. at 203-04 (noting that
physical collateral may result in an "inevitable disconnect between the
interests of the borrower and the interests of the lender - assuming that the
project is less than 100% secured..."). This disconnect, however,



   is significantly mitigated in the solidarity lending model because, though
the individual borrower has little or no incentive to minimize losses on his own
project, the other members of the group have an incentive to pressure the
individual in question to minimize losses, as long as the profits from their own
projects are expected to exceed the losses from their co-members' projects.

 Id..





n121.  Thus, the Bank's rhetoric emphasizes income generation. See Bornstein,
supra note 9, at 24 ("By placing resources directly into the hands of poor
people, [the Grameen Bank] got them involved in myriad businesses... It might
take decades or generations, but, Yunus felt, eventually they would be able to
carve out profitable niches in the world economy."); Id. at 230 (quoting
Muhammad Yunus as saying, "We are not doing any favors. We are in business");
Yunus, supra note 36, at 140 ("Giving the poor access to credit allows them to
immediately put into practice the skills they already know - to weave, husk rice
paddy, raise cows, peddle a rickshaw. And the cash they earn is then a tool, a
key that unlocks a host of other abilities and allows them to explore their own
potential."); Breaking the vicious cycle of poverty through microcredit, supra
note 15 ("The assumption is that if individual borrowers are given access to
credit, they will be able to identify and engage in viable income-generating
activities.").





n122.  See Bornstein, supra note 9, at 220-23 (describing the Bank's admirable
efforts to attain "total operational transparency" by keeping detailed
statistics on all aspects of the Bank's operations, including on the borrowers).
Yet, if more recent studies are to be credited, somewhere along the line, the
Bank's efforts to keep accurate statistics about microbusinesses have failed.
One explanation for this failure might be that, while the head office of the
Bank is keeping detailed statistics on borrowers' business successes and
failures, the branch officers and/or the borrowers are not conveying accurate
information. This hypothesis seems to be supported by more recent studies. See
infra notes 126-130 and accompanying text. In addition, Bornstein's relatively
detailed interviews revealed a lack of consensus among top managers about the
Bank's goals. While some emphasized the Bank's operational sustainability,
others worried that the Bank's rapid expansion prevented it both from ensuring
the sustainability of the microenterprises and from reaching the poorest of the
poor. Bornstein, supra note 9, at 295-96.





n123.  See Bornstein, supra note 9, at 175-76, 289 (describing the Bank's
aggressive projections concerning expansion and how the Bank surpassed those
projections).





n124.  Id. at 297-99 (citing a study that examined household earnings,
immunization rates, and health and nutritional status of children); Yunus, supra
note 36, at 202 (describing the Bank's goal of attaining "poverty-free" status
for all its branches and defining "poverty-free" to include owning a house with
a tin roof, having beds for all family members, having safe drinking water,
having access to education, having no food shortages, and having sufficient
income-earning opportunities for all adult family members); Yunus, supra note
110, at 114, 117 (noting studies on the Grameen Bank that suggest the Bank has
had a significant positive effect on the schooling and nutrition of children,
e.g., for every ten percent increase in borrowing by a member, the likelihood
that her daughter would be in school increased by almost twenty percent);
Hossain, supra note 117, at 39, 41 (noting increased educational levels among
children of Grameen Bank borrowers, and an overall increased standard of
living).





n125.  See Breaking the vicious cycle of poverty through microcredit, supra note
15 ("It is estimated that the average household income of Grameen Bank members
is about 50 percent higher than the target group in the control village, and 25
percent higher than the target group non-members in Grameen Bank villages. The
landless have benefited most, followed by marginal landowners.") Furthermore,
"this has resulted in a sharp reduction in the number of Grameen Bank members
living below the poverty line, 20 percent compared to 56 percent for comparable
non-Grameen Bank members." Id. It is unclear how the Bank defines and determines
"income level," but this claim is supported by others. See Khandker et al.,
supra note 110, at 77-80 (noting an increase in rural wages and in savings);
Hossain, supra note 117, at 41 (lauding the measurable improvements in assets of
borrower-members); Rahman, supra note 110, at 199 (noting significant increases
in the level of income, acquisition of land and wealth by Grameen Bank members
as compared with similarly situated control groups). However, according to
Aminur Rahman, one independent study of the Grameen Bank's program concluded:
"Had the subsidy been simply transferred directly to households, they would have
been as well off (at least in terms of current consumption and ignoring the
costs of making the transfers)." Rahman, supra note 15, at 131-32.





n126.  Rahman, supra note 15, at 115 (quoting Yunus: "The moment you [the
lender] stopped supervising, there would be a risk for abuse of the loan."); see
also Helen Todd, Women at the Center: Grameen Bank Borrowers after One Decade 23
(1996). The Bank also requires borrowers to prove as a condition of receiving
new loans that they have started and maintained the businesses they claimed on
their original loan applications. Rahman, supra note 15, at 106-07 (describing
the Bank's policy of requiring borrowers to justify any reported changes in
investment projects at the time of new loan applications - and finding that
perhaps consequently borrowers and lower level bank workers do not report
changes in projects, instead reporting the same project as was in the original
application every year). These requirements appear to apply only to
business-related loans rather than to loans from the solidarity circle savings
accounts, which can be used for non-business purposes. Yunus, supra note 36, at
65.





n127.  Rahman and Todd both found that group chairpersons and borrowing center
leaders regularly misreport the use of loan funds on such forms, despite knowing
the truth about how the funds are used. Rahman, supra note 15, at 116; Todd,
supra note 126, at 23-24. Further, Todd concluded that Bank workers know of this
practice. Id. at 25.





n128.  Rahman, supra note 15, at 115-17 (reporting that, although spot checks by
more senior Bank officers are part of the Bank's official policy, it is rare for
such officers even to visit any given Bank branch).





n129.  Id. at 106-07 (finding that in one study village in 1994-95, seventy
percent of the loans made "were used for purposes other than the approved loan
projects"); Todd, supra note 126, at 23-25 (finding that in one study village
only seventeen percent of the loans were used "at least in part for the official
purpose," and in another study village only twenty-eight percent were).





n130.  Rahman, supra note 15, at 106-07. Further, in that village, Rahman found
that many loan officers were aware of the widespread problem of loan diversion.
See also Todd, supra note 126, at 24 (finding in her study village that
forty-nine percent of the time, the loans were used in impermissible "land
transactions").





n131.  Of some concern, in a study on microfinance worldwide, one Oxfam study
concluded that "Oxfam's experiences with income-generating projects for women
raised serious questions about the profitability of such activities." Susan
Johnson and Ben Rogaly, Microfinance and Poverty Reduction 11 (1997).





n132.  Again, part of the disconnect may be attributable to differences in
definitions and/or to inability to assess the poorest of the poor. See Taylor,
supra note 20, at 324-25.





n133.  The U.S. Census Bureau, under the Personal Responsibility and Work
Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 (PWORA or Welfare Reform Act), collects
data measuring the effects of welfare reform. Covering the period from 1992
through 2001, the Survey of Program Dynamics (SPD), a nationally representative,
longitudinal survey, and the Survey of Income and Program Participation (SIPP)
provide data for both government cash assistance programs (AFDC/TANF and
Supplemental Security Income) and non-cash assistance programs (housing
assistance, energy assistance, food stamps, and free or reduced price lunch).
Data includes information related not just to employment levels and assets, but
also education enrollment, food security, family conflict levels, substance
abuse and other similar categories. See U.S. Census Bureau, U.S. Department of
Commerce, Preparing to Measure Welfare Reform Using the Longitudinal Survey of
Program Dynamics: 2001 3-8 (2001), at
http://www.census.gov/prod/2001pubs/spd2001-1.pdf (last visited July 15, 2004);
see also Demographics Survey Division, U.S. Census Bureau, Survey of Program
Dynamics (2003), at http://www.sipp.census.gov/spd (last visited July 15, 2004).





n134.  While the ultimate goal of microlending in the United States may be
disputed, many influential members of the development community would agree that
microlending seeks to alleviate poverty by means of job creation. See, e.g., The
Small Business Administration's Microloan Demonstration Program and Business
Development Programs: Hearing before the U.S. Senate Comm. on Small Bus,. 103d
Cong., 1st Sess. at 1 (1994) (opening statement of Sen. Dale Bumpers)
(describing the Small Business Administration's microloan program "as a tool for
combating poverty, unemployment, and underemployment by offering people the
dream of successful business ownership"); Jones, supra note 80, at vii
("Microenterprise development is a community economic development and
anti-poverty tool designed to create jobs through self-employment."); Servon,
supra note 20, at 3 (noting that the "single common denominator [of
microenterprise programs] is that they serve as lenders of last resort,
providing credit to people who want to be self-employed"); Howells, supra note
5, at 164 ("Microenterprise programs...assume that people can draw themselves
out of poverty through self-employment."); The Aspen Institute, supra note 8, at
xvii ("Most practitioner agencies indicate that poverty alleviation is a primary
goal for their organization.").





n135.  Equally concerning are studies that have begun to keep more careful
statistics about U.S. microenterprises and have reported a much spottier record
of success. See infra notes 156-62 and accompanying text. Kenneth Anderson, in
arguing this same point, concludes that the "test of success is precisely how
many clients are able to graduate to unsubsidized credit." Anderson, supra note
35, at 119. Anderson, however, does not conclude that the purpose of microcredit
is necessarily to integrate the poor into the mainstream market. Id. ("In
describing markets created or sustained by microcredit institutions as "faux'
markets, I do not intend to denigrate them. There can be sound social policy
reasons why it is useful to create such markets even when the ultimate function
is not to draw people into the "real' market.").





n136.  Unfortunately, here, too, ideology does not always match practice or
evaluation techniques. See infra notes 163-166 and accompanying text.





n137.  Important historical examples of such efforts in the United States
include Thomas Jefferson's attempts to constitutionalize broad distribution of
property rights, (see Letter from Thomas Jefferson to James Madison (Oct. 28,
1785), in 8 The Papers of Thomas Jefferson, 25 Feb. to 31 Oct. 1785, at 682
(Julian P. Boyd ed., 1953) (in which Jefferson stated that the "fundamental
right to labour," as it belongs to the unemployed poor, may trump the property
rights of large landholders)); Booker T. Washington's National Negro Business
League (see Louis R. Harlan, Booker T. Washington and the National Negro
Business League, in Booker T. Washington in Perspective: Essays of Louis R.
Harlan 98, 105 (Raymond W. Smock ed., 1988)), some of the legislation passed as
a result of Lyndon B. Johnson's War on Poverty (see Economic Opportunity Act of
1964, Pub. L. No. 88-452, 201, 78 Stat. 508 (1964) (repealed 1981)), and the
efforts of the South Shore Bank in Chicago (see Rochelle Lento, Community
Development Banking Strategy for Revitalizing Our Communities, 27 U. Mich. J.L.
Reform 773, 783-90 (1994)). For a historical overview of some of these efforts,
see Cummings, supra note 54, at 410-37.





n138.  Unless otherwise specified, this more entrepreneurial form of
participation is what I refer to when I use the terms "market participant" and
"market participation."





n139.  See Anderson, supra note 35, at 108-09 ("The purpose of microcredit is to
enable the poor to engage in market activity themselves, creating small or micro
businesses of one kind or another... The purpose, in other words, is that they
use their borrowed capital to enter into market transactions as producers and
not merely as customers."). See generally Servon, supra note 20, at 1-5, 19-13;
Simon, supra note 5, at 88-101.





n140.  Servon, supra note 20, at 2; see also Feldman, supra note 48, at 57
(noting the pressure felt by nongovernmental organizations to "create
income-earning opportunities, a theme that is most apparent in the international
success of the Grameen Bank Project"). However, a recent study of U.S.
microlenders refutes the hopeful assumptions of many in the United States that
microcredit will effectuate large-scale poverty alleviation through economic
development. That study concludes that fifty-eight percent of U.S. microlenders
do not even lend to people of low incomes, instead focusing on economic
development alone. Hung, supra note 69, at 239 (adding that the more sustainable
U.S. programs tend to serve the working poor rather than the "extremely poor").





n141.  Interestingly, some commentators have followed the Bank's lead in using
social welfare criteria as a measure of success even as the success they laud is
that of market participation. See, e.g., Jaffer, supra note 5, at 207 (measuring
the Bank's success by its borrowers' ability to reach daily required caloric
levels and to cross over the "extreme poverty line").





n142.  Taylor notes:



   Comparison with other approaches shows little difference between
[microcredit] and other poverty alleviation models. Providing money to a
population through almost any means will ordinarily have a short-term positive
impact on poverty. More funds in an economy cause short-term spikes in economic
indicators as recipients of funds use them, typically for consumption purposes.
The problem, of course, is that once the funds are expended, their positive
impact evaporates and the objective indicia of economic welfare fall. For
purposes of meaningful impact on poverty, the long-term effect of alleviation
models is far more important. In that area, microcredit seems to do no better
than other alternatives.

 Taylor, supra note 20, at 326-27. Kenneth Anderson proposes that, if
microcredit is in fact "stripped of its special bootstrapping element," then it
"must compete with other, often direct forms of welfare provision for the very
poor, including direct investment in health care, education, and the rest of
direct social services for the poor." Anderson, supra note 35, at 120.





n143.  As I discuss below, a few studies in the United States have begun to keep
statistics about the survival rate of businesses begun with the aid of
microcredit. See infra notes 156-162 and accompanying text. These studies are
only a beginning. More in-depth statistics are required about all aspects of
such businesses.





n144.  See, e.g., Hung, supra note 69, at 240 ("The increasing demand and
emphasis on business skills in U.S. programs reflects the more complex business
environment in the integrated economy, even for a local community, than the
village economy in...developing countries."); Taub, supra note 61, at 8
(contrasting the Bangladeshi "small and highly localized markets" with the
United States' "international, national, and state-wide" markets); see also
Anderson, supra note 35, at 117 (discussing the "extraordinarily local markets
in which microcredit borrowers typically operate their microbusinesses"). For
more on this, see infra text accompanying notes 417-426 (discussing the
existence of an informal market in the United States, but questioning whether
microlenders are servicing it).

   I use the term "informal" here to signify, first and foremost, an economy in
which services are sold, and goods are produced and sold, by numerous small
businesses rather than by one or a few large firms. See Regina Austin, "The
Black Community," its Lawbreakers, and a Politics of Identification, 65 S. Cal.
L. Rev. 1769, 1804 (1992) (The "informal economy is characterized by operations
that are "small scale,' "labor intensive, requiring little capital,' and
"locally based'"). I also use the term to signify the nature of these small
businesses - namely street vendors, home workers and door-to-door salespeople -
and of their business relationships - namely that they transact business without
permits, written contracts, clear evidence of title, or expectation of reliable
enforcement of their rights. See Regina Austin, "An Honest Living": Street
Vendors, Municipal Regulation, and the Black Public Sphere, 103 Yale L.J. 2119,
2120 (1994) (discussing street vendors as members of the informal economy);
Richard A. Epstein, The Moral and Practical Dilemmas of an Underground Economy,
103 Yale L.J. 2157, 2177 n.1 (1994) ("The informal economy avoids licenses and
other forms of administrative review...."); Saskia Sassen, The Informal Economy:
Between New Developments and Old Regulations, 103 Yale L.J. 2289, 2289 (1994)
("The "informal economy' refers to those income-generating activities occurring
outside the state's regulatory framework that have analogs within that
framework."). See generally de Soto, supra note 1 (describing street vendors
operating without permits, receipts or tax payments); David Kennedy, Laws and
Developments, in Contemplating Complexity: Law and Development in the 21st
Century (Amanda Perry-Kessaris & John Hatchard eds., 2003).





n145.  Hung, supra note 69, at 240; Taub, supra note 61, at 8.





n146.  See, e.g., Hung, supra note 69, at 229 ("The informal economy of a
developing country is likely to constitute a proportionally larger segment of
its whole economy than that of an industrial country such as the United
States."); Mark Schreiner & Jonathan Morduch, Opportunities and Challenges for
Microfinance in the United States, in Replicating Microfinance in the United
States 19, 24 (James H. Carr & Zhong Yi Tong eds., 2002) ("Large retailers and
service providers...do not have a strong presence in Bangladesh, Bolivia, or
Indonesia; shopkeepers and street vendors in those countries, unlike those in
the United States, compete mostly against each other, not against large
factories or chains of restaurants or retailers.").





n147.  See Talen et al., supra note 8, at 340 (noting that in the United States
there is a "limited market demand for goods and services produced by
microenterprises. Instead of the vast pools of demand that exist in developing
countries, the United States faces..."puddles of demand.'"); Taub, supra note
61, at 8 (describing the Good Faith Fund as failing to contribute to economic
development, in that it fails to create "additional wealth for a region," or to
"generate new money or provide additional employment opportunities"). But
consider Kenneth Anderson's comments concerning microenterprises in developing
countries:



   It is not always evident that the businesses serve any purpose other than to
trade items around the community of the poor without generating substantial new
income. This possibility of inefficient activity that would not take place but
for the subsidized funds provided by microcredit organizations themselves is one
example of the risks of microcredit distorting local markets. On the other hand,
it has been noted that many services of a relatively modest kind - bicycle
repair or shoe repair, for example - are often not provided within poor
communities themselves, even though there are strong grounds for thinking the
activity to be economically sustainable, since even poor people spend money on
such services but must go outside the local community to do so. Microcredit
sometimes enables individuals to start providing such services within the local
community, at a net welfare gain in part because income turns over within the
local community and in part because it is more efficient to offer and obtain
such services close to home.

 Anderson, supra note 35, at 109.





n148.  See supra notes 140-141 and accompanying text. It is possible that some
of this "information gap" is filled by legal clinics such as those described by
Susan Jones. Jones, supra note 8, at 202-08. However, lawyers cannot fill the
entire information gap. Moreover, it is not clear just how many
microentrepreneurs have access to legal services as they attempt to enter new
markets.





n149.  Such signals might include seals of approval, certifications or permits.
See Talen et al., supra note 8, at 347 (recommending research into niche
products and markets as a means of increasing mainstream market participation);
Taylor, supra note 20, at 336 (suggesting that state involvement in microlending
efforts can help develop markets and correct demand/supply); see also Anderson,
supra note 35, at 112 ("Being committed to market principles in local markets is
one thing, while being committed to the terms of global markets is perhaps
another.").





n150.  To the extent that the training provided by U.S. programs addresses these
differences, they are certainly headed in the right direction. See supra notes
96-97 and accompanying text. As I discuss, however, it is questionable whether
much of the training that takes place does in fact address these differences.
See supra notes 98-99.





n151.  Anderson, supra note 35, at 118-19. Anderson, however, does not condemn a
"faux" market for the poor as necessarily a negative outcome of microcredit
programs, concluding that "a faux market is better than no market at all." Id.
at 119. In reaching this conclusion, however, he assumes the possibility of
certain benefits of microcredit - such as business training - that I conclude
the Grameen Bank model fails to provide.





n152.  Todd, supra note 126, at 167.





n153.  Thus, microbusinesses would also be forced to meet such tests.





n154.  Talen et al., supra note 8, at 341 (discussing the difficulty of entry
into a market that is "highly complex and regulated").





n155.  See discussion infra Sections IV.B and V. As I discuss, many in the
development community do in fact explicitly seek to integrate the poor into more
mainstream markets. Indeed, the Rule of Law rhetoric that is pervasive in the
Law and Development movement is an attempt to teach broad-based market
participation, at the national and sub-national level.





n156.  See The Aspen Institute, supra note 8, at xvi ("Most practitioners
reported that job creation/business development, community economic development,
and poverty alleviation were all primary goals of their programs."). The
programs surveyed for the 2002 Directory were both lending-focused and
credit-focused programs; thus, this appears to be a shared goal of both
programs. See supra notes 60, 65-66, 102, 134, 139-140 and accompanying text.





n157.  See, e.g., Servon, supra note 20, at 44-45; Taub, supra note 61, at 2;
see also Schreiner & Morduch, supra note 146, at 54 (citing two studies that
"suggest that microfinance may help about 1 in 100 displaced workers become
self-employed who otherwise would not have," and another study finding that "the
ratio for people on public assistance may be closer to 1 in 1,000"). But see
Talen et al., supra note 8, at 340 n.5 (stating that "approximately 15,000 jobs
have been created or retained" as a result of microlending in the United States
in the last 15 years).





n158.  Servon, supra note 20, at 131-32; Schreiner & Morduch, supra note 146, at
54; see also Howells, supra note 5, at 171 ("U.S. microenterprise support
programs fail to focus exclusively, or even predominantly, on welfare-dependent
persons."). This finding comports with statistics about self-employment more
generally. According to one study, only eight to twelve percent of all American
adults (not just those on welfare) "are serious about starting their own
businesses, and only about 1 to 2 percent actually end up starting one. Of those
started, only about half become viable and remain in business." Talen et al.,
supra note 8, at 341 (summarizing a study by the National Commission on
Entrepreneurship, and adding that the problem is exacerbated by the fact that
many Americans turn to self-employment in recessionary times, thereby reducing
their chances of success even further).





n159.  See Clark & Kays, supra note 109, at 2, 19 (noting that while the
majority of clients participating in U.S. microenterprise programs "fall below
or are near standard definitions of the poverty line, most programs also serve
clients who earn moderate incomes"); Simon, supra note 5, at 220 ("Even heavily
subsidized home or business ownership is not a plausible option for most poor
people. Many of them cannot benefit substantially from job training and
placement without vastly more extensive support - whether in terms of therapy,
basic education, child care, or transportation - than current programs
contemplate."); Nitin Bhatt et al., The Challenges of Outreach and
Sustainability for U.S. Microcredit Programs, in Replicating Microfinance in the
United States 191, 204 (James H. Carr & Zhong Yi Tong eds., 2002) ("That most
U.S. programs are serving a majority of "nonpoor' clients may not be a bad
thing, and it can be explained by the fact that if someone has been successful
in starting and sustaining a profitable business, that person may no longer be
classified as poor."); Howells, supra note 5, at 171 (providing a list of
reasons why "microenterprise programs tend to help the richer poor"); Lisa J.
Servon, Fulfilling the Potential of the U.S. Microenterprise Strategy, in
Replicating Microfinance in the United States 169, 182 (James H. Carr & Zhong Yi
Tong eds., 2002) ("Few U.S. microenterprise programs primarily serve the "truly
disadvantaged.'"). Indeed, one of the more comprehensive sources of information
about U.S. microlenders, The Aspen Institute, bears these figures out. The 2002
Directory of U.S. Microenterprise Programs found that "70% of [U.S. agencies
surveyed] report that more than 50% of their [Fiscal Year] 2000 clients'
house-hold income was below 80% of the HUD median income for their location."
The Aspen Institute, supra note 8, at xvii. As a point of comparison, eighty
percent of the HUD median income limit for Fiscal Year 2005 in Boston was $
66,150 for a family of four. U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development,
HUD Income Limits - Fiscal Year 2005, at
http://www.cityofboston.gov/dnd/pdfs/HUD_Income_ Levels_Rent_Limits.pdf (last
visited July 5, 2005).





n160.  See, e.g., United States Small Business Administration, Research Summary:
Business Survival Rates by Age Cohort of Business (2001) (showing survival rates
of small businesses by age of business and employment size, and finding that
businesses with one to four employees had a thirty-one percent survival rate),
at http://www.sba.gov/advo/research/rs122.html (last visited June 24, 2005). Two
longitudinal studies focusing on borrowers refute this finding to some extent.
Specifically, one study found that, although only 408 of the 1300 people who
participated in the Self-Employment Investment Demonstration Project started
businesses, seventy-nine percent of those businesses were still in operation 2.6
years after start-up. Robert E. Friedman et al., Building Assets: Self
Employment for Welfare Recipients: Overview of the Findings from the Self
Employment Investment Demonstration 4 (1995). Another found that forty-nine
percent of the businesses started by microentrepreneurs studied were still
operating after five years. Peggy Clark et al., Microenterprise and the Poor:
Findings from the Self-Employment Learning Project Five-Year Survey of
Microentrepreneurs viii (The Aspen Institute Economic Opportunities Program,
1999), at http://fieldus.org/li/microenterprise.html (last visited June 24,
2005). However, the Friedman study, and others, have found that the number of
jobs created through microcredit programs was quite limited or unknown. See,
e.g., Friedman et al., supra, at 12 (finding that even the successful
microbusinesses produced an average of 1.5 full and part-time jobs each).
Moreover, at least one commentator has critiqued such studies for lacking
control groups, concluding independently that the number of poor people moved
from welfare to self-employment with the aid of microcredit is "probably no more
than 6 in 1,000." Bhatt et al., supra note 159, at 195-96 (describing the
findings of Schreiner). But see Clark & Kays, supra note 109, at 3 (finding that
forty-six percent of microbusinesses are profitable on a monthly basis).





n161.  Bhatt et al., supra note 159, at 196 (describing one study that found
that the net profit for the average successful microenterprise was only $ 3011,
a minor addition to overall income level); Howells, supra note 5, at 169
("Although microenterprise programs enable a subset of poor households to
increase family income by packaging self-employment income with other sources of
income, income from self-employment is rarely sufficient, by itself, to enable
families to move above the poverty line.").





n162.  Taub, supra note 61, at 10-11 (describing microlending as useful
primarily to the working poor, those who are already able to "take some minimal
risks," and who already have "at least one moderately secure income").
Curiously, a recent study has suggested that the fact that micro-loans are
diverted from microenterprise-related uses up to twenty-five percent of the time
in developing countries is a benefit because the funds are used to pay for
household expenses, thereby stabilizing the household. Talen et al., supra note
8, at 335, 337. Such a conclusion adds to my concern that U.S. proponents of
microlending are using the wrong criteria to determine success.





n163.  See, e.g., Black et al., supra note 91, at 8 (listing the major
categories of performance criteria as: reaching target groups, achieving program
scale (including magnitude of lending activity), credit program effectiveness
(examining size, quality and level of risk of lending portfolio), training
program effectiveness, and program efficiency and sustainability measures
(focusing on issues of microlender self-sufficiency)). My point, here, is that
the majority of criteria used to evaluate microlenders' success focus on
expansion of the microlending program rather than on the impact on borrowers.
See also Howells, supra note 5, at 166 (commenting that the publicity about U.S.
microlenders focuses on their organizational success rather than on the success
of their borrowers). Moreover, a recent publication from a conference on
microlending that was well-attended by industry experts ended with a list of
programmatic recommendations only two of which arguably focused directly on job
development or market participation by the poor - while the others focused on
outreach and sustainability of the microlenders. Talen et al., supra note 8, at
347-50.





n164.  Bhatt et al., supra note 159, at 195 ("A limited number of studies exist
that examine the impact of microcredit on loan recipients."). See also David
Hulme & Paul Mosley, Finance Against Poverty 42 (1996) (discussing the
importance of self-sustainability in the context of microlenders).





n165.  FIELD Publications, supra note 82; ACCION Publications Series, supra note
81. A senior officer of ACCION has stated that his organization has published
fewer longitudinal studies about borrowers not out of lack of interest or
understanding of their importance, but rather out of lack of funding for such
studies. Interview with Livingston Parsons, III, supra note 93.





n166.  Another area that seems to have been left largely untouched by U.S.
studies is research and discussion about barriers to market entry by
micro-entrepreneurs, information about their patrons and clients, and more
broadly, information about the quantity and quality of their market
participation. For example, in describing the business characteristics of most
Self-Employment Learning Project (SELP) entrepreneurs, Clark & Kays neglect to
mention any discussion of the microbusiness' clients, nor any detailed
discussion of the microentrepreneurs' market participation. Clark & Kays, supra
note 109, at 26-31. Other important institutional reports on the performance of
the U.S. microenterprise industry also neglect to discuss any specific details
of the microentrepreneurs' market participation. See generally Black et al.,
supra note 91 (omitting treatment of market participation by microentrepreneurs)
. These issues are critical given the greater complexity of markets in the
United States.

   Like the Grameen Bank, U.S. programs appear to use "social" criteria (at
least as much as quantitative standards) to measure success vis-a-vis their
borrowers, including such criteria as increases in borrower self-confidence,
discipline, and community participation. See, e.g., Servon, supra note 20, at 74
(stating that some microlenders use quantitative measures and others use
qualitative criteria); id. at 132 ("To evaluate these programs appropriately, it
will be necessary to look at social welfare indicators such as increases in
individual self-esteem and family stability, as well as traditional economic
development outcomes such as jobs created and changes in income."); Jones, supra
note 8, at 195 n.3 ("[A] primary goal of microenterprise development programs is
the success of microenterprise participants measured by positive personal
outcomes such as improved self-esteem, exercising control over one's life and
household income, taking advantage of educational opportunities or alternative
employment, and the overall ability to exercise personal and economic
choices.").





n167.  I also place some faith in the methodological rigor of Aminur Rahman's
study of female Grameen borrowers. See Rahman, supra note 15, at 22-38
(discussing his methodology in detail and comparing it to that of earlier
studies of the Bank). An anthropologist and native Bangladeshi who lived among
his subjects for eleven months, Rahman's appears to be the first study of the
Grameen Bank using more qualitative anthropological methods. Rahman's study
focused on a Bangladeshi village in which the Grameen Bank had been operating
for at least a decade, and which, in most respects, was representative of the
villages in which the Bank works. Id. at 25-28. Despite his efforts to find a
representative sample, the size of his database is, of course, a limitation of
his study.





n168.  Such concerns and limitations also apply to my use of a fairly limited
number of studies of U.S. microlending efforts.





n169.  See supra notes 39, 63-64 and accompanying text. Interestingly, the
founder of the Grameen Bank describes the solidarity circle as having been
conceived in order to create "support and protection," to "smooth out the
erratic behavior patterns of individual members, making each borrower more
reliable in the process," and to create "moral responsibility." Yunus, supra
note 36, at 62-63.





n170.  See supra notes 39, 63-64 and accompanying text; see also Yunus, supra
note 36, at 62-63 (stating that the solidarity circle helps enhance each
member's sense of responsibility and promotes a sense of solidarity between the
members).





n171.  Bornstein, supra note 9, at 86 (describing a conversation with villagers
who said that, because of the pressure from the Bank to repay their loans, the
peer groups do not accept "completely poor people" into their groups because
they "don't repay their loans"); id. at 191 (quoting a bank manager as saying,
"some managers give hints that it's better to avoid the very poorest people");
Todd, supra note 126, at 173-75 (describing the selection criteria used by an
influential group leader in her study village); id. at 174 (these criteria were
echoed by some of the bank workers Todd interviewed, one of whom stated:
"Landless, yes; but not hopeless."); Sidney Ruth Schuler & Syed M. Hashemi,
Credit Programs, Women's Empowerment, and Contraceptive Use in Bangladesh, 25
Stud. in Family Planning 65, 67 (1994) (stating that the programs studied,
including Grameen, tend to attract women who are already empowered, which leads
to selection bias when choosing borrowers). A number of other studies have found
that microcredit programs in general appear to exclude the poorest of the poor.
See, e.g., Hulme & Mosley, supra note 164, at 113 ("the poorest...receive few
direct benefits from income-generating credit initiatives."); Rahman, supra note
15, at 138-39; Taylor, supra note 20, at 327, 329. Rahman attributes the Grameen
Bank's failure to reach the poorest to its emphasis on high loan recovery,
concluding that "the poorest women, without multiple sources of income, are
considered as high risk by the bank workers." Rahman, supra note 15, at 138.





n172.  Rahman, supra note 15, at 85 (finding also that in that village, only
nine of the 120 women borrowers had no other relatives who borrowed from the
Bank).





n173.  Id.





n174.  Id. at 84-88. Rahman states that "over the past ten to fifteen years the
leadership in the loan centers in the study village was nominally handed to
different persons, but in reality it was [two related women] who retained
control of loan operation decisionmaking." Id. at 88.





n175.  Id. at 102.





n176.  I borrow the term "factional" from Rahman, who describes the borrowers in
his study as forming and maintaining "factional" groups that "contradict the
social objectives of generating trust, mutual support, and solidarity." Id. at
149. According to Rahman, "in rural Bangladesh society, factions...are an
integral part of "patron-client' relationships between the rich and the poor."
Id. See also Todd, supra note 126, at 176 (describing loan centers as "mirroring
the divisions and factions that exist in the village," in that "groups are
divided by [neighborhood] and caste").





n177.  Rahman, supra note 15, at 80-81, 117-24; see also Bornstein, supra note
9, at 85 (quoting a borrower: "The Bank loves us, but they keep us in jail. If
you can't pay, you must ask your group for help. If they won't help, you can ask
the center. If they won't help, then you're out. No matter what, the Bank has to
get its money back."); Counts, supra note 10, at 69-70 (stating that the
pressure on Bank workers to collect repayment on time and increase membership
results in higher pressure on members both from fellow borrowers and from the
Bank). Taylor generalizes this problem to the microcredit industry as a whole.
Taylor, supra note 20, at 327, 329.





n178.  Rahman, supra note 15, at 122 (stating, however, that such an extreme
response occurs only rarely).





n179.  Id. at 81-83 (reporting "several instances where peer pressure was
imposed not only on irregular borrowers but also on members of their households.
When this peer pressure failed to convince the irregular borrower, then the
institutional pressure (Bank workers and officers) and wider social pressure
(village...leaders) was imposed on the members of the borrower's household.");
see also Bornstein, supra note 9, at 85. But see Jain, supra note 52, at 83
(stating that while the concept of joint responsibility of all group members for
loan repayment was widely discussed and emphasized, it was not enforced in
practice).





n180.  Rahman, supra note 15, at 121.





n181.  Id. at 118.





n182.  Id. at 118, 140-45; Todd, supra note 126, at 164-65.





n183.  Rahman, supra note 15, at 140-45. For a discussion of the same problem in
the microcredit industry in general, see Hulme & Mosley, supra note 164, at 122
("The virtuous circle of "low income, credit, investment, more income, more
credit, more investment' is seductive; unfortunately, it does not mirror the
reality that the majority of very poor households face in sustaining a
livelihood.") and Taylor, supra note 20, at 329. I wonder if this also
artificially inflates income levels for purposes of studies tracking Grameen's
success; the answer would, of course, depend on how income is measured by these
studies.





n184.  See, e.g., Burrus & Stearns, supra note 89, at 29-31 ("Attempts to form
groups of individuals who do not know each other has [sic] not proven to be an
efficient lending approach."); Hung, supra note 69, at 249 ("Practically none of
the groups in the U.S. sample has denied anyone from joining the group" because
such groups "tend to be more randomly assigned."); Taub, supra note 61, at 6
(describing the Good Faith Fund's decision to construct groups after its initial
requirement that people arrive in pre-formed groups failed).





n185.  Burrus & Stearns, supra note 89, at 30. In fact few, if any, U.S.
programs have imported the Grameen Bank's version of the solidarity circle in
its exact form. Indeed, "many programs have abandoned peer lending for more
traditional individual loans." Fund for Innovation, Effectiveness, Learning and
Dissemination, Microenterprise Development in the United States: An Overview 4
(2000) available at http://fieldus.org/publications/fact_sheet1.pdf (last
visited June 24, 2005); see also Dianne Solis, Microcredits Lend Money to the
Little Entrepreneurs Most Banks Avoid, Dallas Morning News, Jan. 23, 2002, at 1H
(noting ACCION USA's estimate that no more than fifteen percent of its loans are
currently made using solidarity groups in the United States). While Burrus and
Stearns highlight the successful use of solidarity groups by ACCION in New York
(where eighty percent of 295 new borrowers from April to November of 1995
entered as group borrowers), the use of such groups in other major U.S. cities -
San Antonio, San Diego, and Chicago - has been significantly less successful.
They suggest that the high percentage of group borrowers in New York is, in
part, attributable to the fact that many successful borrowers told their friends
about peer lending, so that newer borrowers were already familiar with the group
lending concept. They also point out that in certain niche markets, where the
entrepreneurs already know each other (taxi drivers in San Antonio, swap meet
vendors in San Diego, etc.), solidarity group lending has proven successful. See
Burrus & Stearns, supra note 89, at 29-31. See also Taub, supra note 61, at 5
(describing the decision of the Good Faith Fund in Arkansas to stop using peer
lending because it failed). These organizations have cited as reasons for the
failure of this technique the lack of trust among circle members (especially
where loans are large enough to be of use in starting and maintaining a new
enterprise), the difficulty of convening group meetings, and problems with
enforcement. Id. at 6-8.





n186.  See, e.g., Taub, supra note 61, at 6-7. Seventy-two percent of the U.S.
programs in Hung's study use a weaker version of the joint liability rule, which
"stops the remaining group members' access to future loans when a loan in the
group is delinquent." Hung, supra note 69, at 235.





n187.  See, e.g., Servon, supra note 20, at 69-72 (describing Working Capital's
step lending process, in which it lends in increments of $ 500 to $ 5000 in
order to allow group members to build a record with each other).





n188.  This may in part be because U.S. programs do not have the choice of
employing some of the more coercive enforcement measures used by the Grameen
Bank and its borrowers against each other. The apparent consequence of some of
the practices of U.S. programs is a much spottier record with respect to default
rates. See, e.g., Mohammad A. Auwal, supra note 109, at 40 (1996) (noting that
Arkansas' Good Faith Fund had a forty percent default rate in its first two
years); Taub, supra note 61, at 5 (noting Good Faith Fund's forty-eight percent
default rate in 1989 while using the peer lending approach, and its subsequent
eleven percent default rate in 1993 and 1994 after it stopped using that
methodology). It appears that no study has investigated whether borrowers
nonetheless feel enough pressure to repay loans that they engage in the debt
recycling and loss of savings experienced by many Grameen Bank borrowers.





n189.  See supra note 70 and accompanying text; see also Credit delivery system,
supra note 10 (stating that the Sixteen Decisions "raise the social and
political consciousness of the newly organized groups").





n190.  See supra notes 71-74 and accompanying text.





n191.  Yunus, supra note 36, at 64 (stating that women applying for loans must
pass an exam, which consists of a recitation of the duties and responsibilities
of a Grameen Bank member, including abiding by the Sixteen Decisions).





n192.  Bornstein, supra note 9, at 106 ("A number of independent studies have
shown that Grameen borrowers are more likely than comparable nonmembers to use
birth control."); Auwal & Singhal, supra note 39, at 21 (stating that illiterate
women in the Grameen Bank program have higher levels of use of family planning
than the national average); Schuler & Hashemi, supra note 171, at 71
(attributing the use of contraceptives by Grameen Bank borrowers to the level of
influence the program has on women's empowerment). Amin and Hossain write:



   Large scale national credit programs such as those run by the Grameen Bank,
the Bangladesh Rural Advancement Committee, and several NGOs show that
contraceptive use is considerably higher among women who belong to programs to
receive credit to engage in small businesses, compared to women with similar
backgrounds who do not participate in such programs.

 Sajeda Amin & Sara Hossain, Religious & Cultural Rights: Women's Reproductive
Rights and the Politics of Fundamentalism: A View from Bangladesh, 44 Am. U. L.
Rev. 1319, 1329-1330 (1995).





n193.  Rahman, supra note 15, at 95; Todd, supra note 126, at 178-79; Schuler &
Hashemi, supra note 171, at 73.





n194.  Counts, supra note 10, at 302-19 (describing center meetings, with their
emphasis on reciting the Sixteen Decisions, and stating that the spirit of the
Sixteen Decisions is recognized not only by the borrowers themselves, but also
by the Bank workers who recognize its effect on the relationships between group
members); Rahman, supra note 15, at 95 (stating that some of the study
informants "feel that through their involvement with the group, they were able
to bring some changes in attitudes and expressions").





n195.  See, e.g., Todd, supra note 126, at 92 (stating that women borrowers tend
to use their improved status to strengthen networks, and that these expanded
networks give the women more "clout within their households"); see also Schuler
& Hashemi, supra note 171, at 73.





n196.  Bornstein, supra note 9, at 102-08 (discussing the question of whether
the requirement that borrowers and Bank workers salute to each other and other
Bank "rituals" are coercive or hierarchical); Counts, supra note 10, at 70-76
(describing the strong presence of the Bank workers at center meetings and the
requirement that women salute the Bank workers at the beginning and end of each
meeting); see also Rahman, supra note 15, at 30 ("The Grameen Bank maintains a
rigid structure of hierarchical and authoritative relationships between Bank
workers and borrowers in its credit program."). Rahman, however, has also found
that the social development component of the Grameen program is, in practice,
not regularly followed, partly because of the pressure on loan officers to
collect on time payments. Id. at 90-91. Moreover, the Bank's founder counters
these observations by arguing that such rigid measures ensure that "only those
who are truly needy and serious about joining Grameen will actually find it
worthwhile." Yunus, supra note 36, at 64.





n197.  Bornstein, supra note 9, at 105-06; Todd, supra note 126, at 202-05
(stating that Grameen Bank borrowers are still very much attached to dowry as an
indication of social status). Rahmin states that he "could not find evidence of
a dowry-free marriage" in his study village - indeed, he found that some
borrowers used loans from the Bank to finance dowries - and that many pit
latrines are never used or even installed. Rahman, supra note 15, at 93-95. But
see Khandker et al., supra note 110, at 100 (concluding that the practice of
dowry among Grameen borrowers has decreased significantly); Hossain, supra note
117, at 47 (stating that some borrowers integrated the directives of the program
to the extent of believing that they could give up the dowry system).





n198.  Rahman, supra note 15, at 94.





n199.  Id. at 90-91; see also Counts, supra note 10, at 261 (describing the
pressure placed on Bank workers to collect payments and increase their loan
portfolios as amounting to a disregard of the social aspects of the program
embodied in the Sixteen Decisions).





n200.  Rahman, supra note 15, at 94-95.





n201.  Id. at 92-95; see also Auwal & Singhal, supra note 39, at 21-22 (stating
that the training women must go through to obtain loans is often inconsistent
with social and cultural norms); Anne Marie Goetz & Rina Sen Gupta, Who Takes
the Credit? Gender, Power, and Control over Loan Use in Rural Credit Programs in
Bangladesh, 24 World Dev. 45, 54-55 (1996), (arguing that the risk of physical
violence by male relatives, for example, results in maintenance of the status
quo and the inability of women to comply with directives which require a change
in the gender dynamics of the household).





n202.  See discussion infra Part IV.C.





n203.  Thus, for example, some microlenders' programs emphasize training, at
times even more than credit, in order to increase the self-confidence of
borrowers as they engage in the loan transaction. See supra notes 96-97 and
accompanying text.





n204.  See Servon, supra note 20, at 95 (describing the even greater importance
of training in programs that work with welfare recipients who, more than others,
"may be lacking in basic skills or self-esteem and self-confidence"). Bhatt and
Tang describe:



   [Some] programs...focused more on motivating and empowering participants and
less on assessing the viability of their business plans. They often failed to
equip their graduates with the knowledge and skills needed to assess the market
potential of their venture start-up or growth ideas. In some instances, the
training provided was so generic and inappropriate that it was of hardly any use
to participants, who ultimately needed to evaluate whether their specific
ventures had a good chance of making money in the marketplace.

 Nitin Bhatt & Shui-Yan Tang, Making Microcredit Work in the United States:
Social, Financial, and Administrative Dimensions, 15 Econ. Dev. Q. 229, 231
(2001). They continue:



   Although many programs' stated mission is economic development, their
training sessions are often geared toward social empowerment rather than
business development. Although empowering individuals is certainly important for
poverty alleviation and community development,...policy makers need to recognize
that it may not necessarily translate into the development of income-generating
microenterprises or the enhancement of participants' economic self-sufficiency
in the short run.

 Id. at 238. On this, Clark and Kays add:



   The welfare-to-self employment strategy is a unique subset of the
microenterprise field, employing a specialized set of interventions that are
particularly appropriate for people on welfare. While providing the same general
package of direct microenterprise development assistance that includes technical
assistance and credit, these programs offer a tailored, participatory set of
training workshops and technical assistance interventions that may include
workshops on self-esteem building, setting goals, analyzing the viability of
starting a microbusiness, balancing a budget, and other topics.

 Clark & Kays, supra note 109, at 24.





n205.  See, e.g., Servon, supra note 20, at 54-56 (describing Women's Initiative
for Self Employment in San Francisco, whose strategy is one of "holism...helping
women make better-informed life decisions"). The Institute for Social and
Economic Development states that it "helps [its] clients to develop the life
skills they will need to achieve success - whether in self-employment or
employment." Institute for Social and Economic Development, Frequently Asked
Questions, at http://www.ised.org/faqs.asp#5 (last visited July 5, 2005). It
continues: "We also provide linkages with social service agencies to help them
overcome barriers...to economic independence, including personal financial
management training, homeownership education, alcohol/substance abuse
counseling, etc." Id. Kavita Ramdas describes the WSEP in similar terms:



   WSEP's training process develops self-esteem in its clients. In WSEP circles,
small groups of low-income women come together to jointly manage their member's
repayment of loans. Women demonstrate samples of their products, debate
financing and marketing strategies, and organize neighborhood fairs. In training
sessions, they learn financial skills and legal regulations which are useful in
all aspects of their lives...[many] find that WSEP's training enables them to
move into more traditional wage employment, and makes them feel more confident
about improving their economic conditions.

 Kavita Ramdas, Self-Employment for Low-Income Women, Equal Means (1991) at 20,
22. A similar program exists in New Mexico:



   WESST corp's business consulting service is a series of one-on-one hour long
sessions with an experienced business or professional consultant. These sessions
will help you determine the answers and information you need to start or enhance
your business. WESST corp does not do the work for you. Rather you will develop
the self-confidence and ability to acquire the necessary knowledge and
information to help your self [sic].

 Wesst Corp., The Women's Economic Self-Sufficiency Team, at
http://www.laplaza.org/b_e/wesst_corp.html (last visited July 5, 2005).





n206.  See supra note 166 and accompanying text; see also Ledgerwood, supra note
105, at 4.





n207.  See Bhatt & Tang, supra note 204, at 238. Hung also raises this concern
in his comparative study of microlenders in the United States and developing
countries. Hung, supra note 69, at 241, 249 (stressing that running a business
is a process that requires support over time and stating that, although many
U.S. microlenders offer "postborrowing business training courses," they are not
well attended). But see infra notes 268-270 and accompanying text (discussing
the possibility that some of the training programs adopted by U.S. microlenders
may solve aspects of inner city market failure).





n208.  Bornstein, supra note 9, at 229 (quoting Yunus as stating that one
advantage to self-employment is that it brings "women into the income stream
without the usual sacrifices required under wage-employment situations"). In
discussing the Bank's efforts to "increase the efficiency" of the informal
sector, it is unclear whether Yunus' objective is to, in fact, formalize the
economy as that concept is used by Hernando de Soto and other members of the Law
and Development movement. Yunus, supra note 36, at 150-51. See also Susan R.
Jones, Promoting Social and Economic Justice through Interdisciplinary Work in
Transactional Law, 14 Wash. U. J.L. & Pol'y 249, 252 (2004) (noting that, in the
context of welfare reform, recipients are often forced into the informal sector
of the economy; accordingly, small business development in the form of
micro-lending may be one way to reduce this occurrence); Taylor, supra note 20,
at 319 (discussing microcredit programs' targeting of the "poorest of the poor"
and women because "as a group, they often face social barriers to entry into the
formal economy and turn to the informal sector to provide for themselves and
their families").





n209.  Katherine Spengler writes:



   When micro-credit programs are successful, the benefits accumulate not only
for the women involved but also for the community as a whole. This strongly
supports the conclusion that the revamped income generation and production
programs are building blocks for advancing the structural equality of women
within the social, political, and economic spheres of their communities.

 Katherine Spengler, Expansion of Third World Women's Empowerment: The Emergence
of Sustainable Development and the Evolution of International Economic Strategy,
12 Colo. J. Int'l Envtl. L. & Pol'y 303, 339 (2001). See also supra note 48 and
accompanying text. But see White, supra note 102, at 330 (critiquing
microcredit's focus on women).





n210.  Larson, supra note 36, at 243 n.325 ("One of the significant achievements
of the Grameen Bank has been its contribution to the emancipation, status, and
economic independence of women."); Levinson, supra note 37, at 398 ("In addition
to improving the economic status of women and bolstering their authority within
the household, group lending has created the cohesion necessary to engage in
social action and protest against gender-based injustices like illegal divorce
and domestic violence."). See also supra note 48 and accompanying text.





n211.  Bornstein, supra note 9, at 140; Rahman, supra note 15, at 93 (describing
the Bank's "public transcript" for targeting women as being, among other things,
"to assist [women] to attain a greater socioeconomic empowerment in society");
Yunus, supra note 36, at 45-50 (describing the first observations of poor women
that led Yunus to devise the Grameen Bank program);. see also supra note 50 and
accompanying text.





n212.  Yunus, supra note 36, at 40-41; see also supra note 51 and accompanying
text.





n213.  Bornstein, supra note 9, at 140-41 (stating that "between 1978 and 1983,
the percentage of women borrowers climbed from 25 to 40 percent" and describing
the Bank's reasons for targeting women as including empowerment and mitigation
of the "worst effects of poverty"); Rahman, supra note 15, at 72-73 (explaining
that the purpose in targeting women is also to "bring faster improvements in the
household socioeconomic conditions"); Yunus, supra note 36, at 72 ("Money
entering a household through a woman brings more benefits to the family as a
whole."); Auwal & Singhal, supra note 39, at 21 ("The Grameen Bank aggressively
targets women members (1) to raise their status in society, (2) to make them
economically independent of men, and, more generally, (3) to supplement existing
family income.").





n214.  Rahman, supra note 15, at 120-27 (describing, among other indicia of
disempowerment, the increase of violence against Grameen Bank borrowers in his
study area); Todd, supra note 126, at 81-83 (describing women whose loans have
contributed to improving the family's situation, but who in turn have become
more dependent and less empowered because they turned over the Grameen loan
funds to their male relatives and had no control over their use); United Nations
Development Programme, Emerging Issues on Gender and Microfinance: Report of the
International Workshop on Microfinance Schemes: Models for the Empowerment of
Women and Poverty Reduction 11-13 (1997) (concluding that microfinance may be
disempowering for women even if it has a positive impact on reducing poverty).





n215.  Bornstein, supra note 9, at 86 (quoting a borrower's husband as saying
that "if the bank lent money to men,...they wouldn't get it back so
conscientiously"); Rahman, supra note 15, at 73-74 (describing the Bank's shift
away from lending to men - because, among other things, they were "arrogant" and
argumentative - to women - because, among other things, of their "positional
vulnerability"); Todd, supra note 126, at 159-60 ("Mainly in response to
increasing repayment problems within male centers, the Grameen Bank Project
began a shift towards recruiting mainly women members."); Goetz & Gupta, supra
note 201, at 61 (noting that the difficulty women have in relocating means that
they are more vulnerable to pressures to repay).





n216.  Rahman, supra note 15, at 73-74.





n217.  Id. at 74-75, 112; see also Todd, supra note 126, at 79; Goetz & Gupta,
supra note 201, at 61.





n218.  This is so because the concept of family honor is of great importance in
that society, and women are responsible for maintaining that honor. Rahman,
supra note 15, at 75.





n219.  Id. at 74-75. Rahman states that this story, "whether...myth or fact,
reinforces the significance of women's honor and its protection in the village
culture." Id. at 75-76.





n220.  Id. at 109-13; see also Todd, supra note 126, at 83-90 (stating that some
women have little control over the loans they take for use by male relatives,
and income generating activities do not therefore always lead to women's
empowerment). Moreover,



   The input delivery focus of credit and income-generation programs involves an
implicit assumption that easing women's access to credit translates
unproblematically into their control over its use. Economic empowerment,
however, is not as straightforward a process as this; gendered power relations
within the household affect the distribution and use of cash resources, and may
undermine women's capacity to retain control over the way a loan is invested, or
profits used.

 Goetz & Gupta, supra note 201, at 61. See Taylor, supra note 20, at 327
(describing loss of loan fund control as a problem in the microcredit industry
overseas).





n221.  Rahman, supra note 15, at 109-10; see also Counts, supra note 10, at 81
("With the exception of ill health, the most frequent cause of missed
installments and default among Grameen Bank members is male relatives forcing
borrowers to disinvest in their business venture and hand over their money.");
Todd, supra note 126, at 84 (finding "little control" of loan use twenty-five
percent of the time); Goetz & Gupta, supra note 201, at 49 (finding that women
borrowers retained a meaningful level of control over loans thirty-seven percent
of the time). But see Todd, supra note 126, at 29-54 (concluding that Grameen
loans do lead to significant empowerment of women in the household).





n222.  Rahman, supra note 15, at 115 ("But it is women who are responsible for
the loans and have to pay their installments every week regardless of how the
loans are used or by whom."); Todd, supra note 126, at 53 ("When a woman loses
control over the use of her loan, she is forced to shoulder the burden of
repayment without any payoff in terms of her own welfare or empowerment.").





n223.  Rahman, supra note 15, at 76-77, 106-127. Thus, it appears the Bank
cannot lose from imposing sole liability on women - whose position in society
increases the likelihood of repayment to the Bank-though women do not gain many
of the benefits claimed by the Bank and its supporters.





n224.  Rahman, supra note 15, at 120-21; see also Taylor, supra note 20, at 327
("Rather than "empowering' poor women, loan circles can deepen poor women's
enmeshment in traditional relationships of domination."). But see Todd, supra
note 126, at 213 (finding a reduction in domestic violence against female
Grameen Bank borrowers); Auwal & Singhal, supra note 39, at 21.





n225.  See Clark & Kays, supra note 109, at 16 ("The SELP Program Profile
indicates that across all programs, 70 percent of the 2,227 total active clients
in the six-month period ending December 1994 are women."); Servon, supra note
20, at 48 ("Most microentrepreneurs are women."); Hung, supra note 69, at 230
(55% to 100% of the borrowers in his sample study of 33 U.S. microlenders in 16
states were women); The Aspen Institute, supra note 8, at xvii (during FY2000,
"62% of programs had a client base of more than 50% women.").





n226.  Again, the Women's Initiative for Self-Employment in San Francisco,
included in Lisa Servon's study, is a good example. Servon, supra note 20, at
56-59 (describing the gender-related assumptions about women's ability to
succeed as entrepreneurs).





n227.  These programs generally have used precisely the social and behavioral
definitions of success used by the Grameen Bank, but also have gone further by
focusing on psychological improvements in women as a result of their efforts.
See, e.g., Servon, supra note 20, at 54-61; see also supra notes 106, 202-204
and accompanying text. In this respect, U.S. programs are similar to some
programs overseas. See Susy Cheston & Lisa Kuhn, Empowering Women Through
Microfinance, in Pathways Out Of Poverty: Innovations In Microfinance For The
Poorest Families 167, 201 (Sam Daley-Harris ed., 2002). The pair cites
self-confidence as a crucial area to foster empowerment of women, but notes the
difficulty in measuring increased levels of self-esteem. Since, they suggest,
"self-esteem and self-confidence are closely linked with knowledge," and Rwandan
women participating in a micro-finance program reported an increase in their
level of knowledge about issues affecting family and related to business, it
follows that the same women also experienced a rise in self-confidence. Id.
Nepalese and Ghanaian lending programs reported similar increases in women's
self-confidence. Id.





n228.  According to the U.S. Census Bureau, 31.1 million Americans were living
in poverty in 2000. U.S. Census Bureau, Poverty: 2000 Highlights (2001),
available at http://www.census.gov/hhes/poverty/poverty00/pov00hi.html (last
revised July 5, 2005). Approximately 90% of adults on welfare are women.
Charlotte Snow, The Impact of Welfare Reform on Women, 25 Hum. Rts. 14, 14
(1998).

   In addition, American women suffer disproportionately from domestic violence,
accounting for up to 85% of victims. Erin L. Han, Mandatory Arrest and No-Drop
Policies: Victim Empowerment in Domestic Violence Cases, 23 B.C. Third World
L.J. 159, 159 n.2 (2003). According to Han:



   More women seek medical attention for harm suffered at the hands of an
intimate partner than for injuries caused by auto accidents, rapes, and muggings
combined. Women are more likely to be beaten, raped, or killed by a current or
former male partner than by anyone else. Between 22 and 35% of female emergency
room patients are there because of injuries inflicted on them by their partners.
One out of four pregnant women has a history of being abused. One-third to
one-half of female homicide victims were murdered by a male partner.

 Id. at 160. Finally, although domestic violence occurs at all levels of
economic class, the lower the household income, the more likely domestic
violence is to occur. See Lawrence A. Greenfeld et al., U.S. Dep't of Justice,
Violence by Inmates: Analysis of Data on Crimes by Current or Former Spouses,
Boyfriends, and Girlfriends 14 (1998), available at
http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/pub/pdf/vi.pdf (last visited Apr. 21, 2005)
(finding that those with incomes between $ 7,500 and $ 25,000 experience nearly
three times the amount of domestic violence as those with incomes above $
50,000).

   Again, there may be important differences in the forms of coercion women in
the U.S. experience as compared to women in Bangladesh. For example, the higher
rate of single women borrowers in the U.S. may result in a lower rate of loan
diversions to men. However, these differences do not, without research,
eliminate the possibility of gender-based vulnerabilities.





n229.  I am not arguing here that Western development thinkers should ignore
gender. Indeed, it certainly seems possible that an effectively designed program
could help to break down these gender roles. However, such an effort requires
more careful empirical work than what seems to have been done thus far. See
discussion infra Parts IV.C., VI.





n230.  David M. Kreps, A Course in Microeconomic Theory 200 (1990);Edwin
Mansfield, Microeconomics: Theory and Applications 232-33 (5th ed. 1985); John
B. Taylor, Principles of Microeconomics 405 (2d ed. 1998) (defining market
failure as, "any situation in which the market does not lead to an efficient
economic outcome and in which there is a potential role for government")





n231.  See, e.g., Nicholas A. Ashford & Charles C. Caldart, Technology, Law, and
the Working Environment 240-41 (1996); Paul H. Brietzke, Urban Development and
Human Development, 25 Ind. L. Rev. 741, 763 (1992); Kathleen C. Engel & Patricia
A. McCoy, A Tale of Three Markets: The Law and Economics of Predatory Lending,
80 Tex. L. Rev. 1255, 1280-98 (2002).





n232.  See Austin, "An Honest Living", supra note 144, at 2123-24; Troutt, supra
note 53, at 473.





n233.  See Brietzke, supra note 231, at 757-59; Troutt, supra note 53, at
472-73.





n234.  See Austin, "An Honest Living", supra note 144, at 2121-22; Troutt, supra
note 53, at 462.





n235.  Keith N. Hylton & Vincent D. Rougeau, Lending Discrimination: Economic
Theory, Econometric Evidence, and the Community Reinvestment Act, 85 Geo. L.J.
237, 253-62 (1996); Michael Klausner, Market Failure and Community Investment: A
Market-Oriented Alternative to the Community Reinvestment Act, 143 U. Pa. L.
Rev. 1561, 1565 (1995). See generally Joseph E. Stiglitz & Andrew Weiss, Credit
Rationing in Markets with Imperfect Information, 71 Am. Econ. Rev. 393 (1981)
(discussing market failure in credit markets more generally).





n236.  Simon, supra note 5, at 27-28; Cao, supra note 5, at 853-57; Hylton,
supra note 37, at 206-23. For an analysis also attributing inaccessibility of
credit to race discrimination and other problems that go beyond market failure,
see generally Taibi, supra note 40, and Troutt, supra note 53. While
acknowledging the presence of discrimination, and federal statutory efforts to
address it (in the form of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act ("ECOA") and the
Community Reinvestment Act ("CRA"), Cao and Hylton argue that it is these market
inefficiencies, at least as much as discrimination, that prevent mainstream
commercial lenders from lending in the inner city. Cao, supra note 5, at 853-55;
Hylton, supra note 37, at 222.





n237.  See Klausner, supra note 235, at 1564-67 (discussing how the bank's
willingness to incur the costs of evaluating the creditworthiness of a
particular borrower depends on the magnitude of the costs in relation to the
expected returns of the loan); see also Cao, supra note 5, at 855-57 ("Lenders
performing a rational cost-benefit analysis will likely decide against lending
to borrowers who lack certain indicia of creditworthiness."). Hylton connects
the information problem to the fact that low-income residents of inner-city
neighborhoods have very brief, if any, credit history because low-income does
not allow the opportunity for savings, most use local convenience stores and
liquor stores to cash checks, and many transactions are carried out in cash.
Citing statistics from 1989, he states: "Only forty-five percent of black
households maintain checking accounts, compared to eighty percent of white
households." Hylton, supra note 37, at 209 The high costs of lending to the
inner city poor (combined with a lack of collateral) result in lenders engaging
in "credit rationing," where borrowers willing to pay the high rates of interest
are precluded from borrowing because their willingness to pay the high interest
rates sends a signal to the lender that the investment is too risky - in other
words, that they are motivated not by their belief in the success of the
project, but rather by their belief that the probability of their having to
repay the loan is small. Cao, supra note 5, at 855-57; Hylton, supra note 37, at
207-17; Jaffer, supra note 5, at 188-93. This creates a gap in the credit
market.





n238.  See Cao, supra note 5, at 856 (emphasizing that monitoring costs, while
present in all loan transactions, are certainly a concern for banks in more
marginal transactions); Klausner, supra note 235, at 1568 (discussing the high
costs associated with evaluating and monitoring the borrower risk); see also Bd.
of Governors of the Fed. Reserve Sys., Report to the Congress on the
Availability of Credit to Small Businesses 29 (2002) (discussing the increase of
monitoring costs for very small business borrowers because the close
interdependence between the business and the owner necessitates monitoring the
general well being of the owner as well as the performance of the business
itself), available at
http://www.federalreserve.gov/boarddocs/rptcongress/sbc_rep.pdf (last visited
July 5, 2005) [hereinafter Report to the Congress].





n239.  Simon, supra note 5, at 44-45 ("To the extent that an applicant can post
assets as security for loan commitments, the lender has less need to rely on
assessments of her reliability."); Cao, supra note 5, at 851, 856-57 (noting
that the absence of collateral increases transaction costs and can result in
"rational redlining," i.e., "those who need money the most are those who can
borrow the least"); Hylton, supra note 37, at 214 (collateral aligns borrower
and lender incentives, which in turn mitigates the problem of "moral hazard,"
i.e., the tendency of borrowers to undertake risky investments); Jaffer, supra
note 5, at 189 ("Collateral can often compensate for some of the gap in
information between lender and borrower, providing a way to both increase the
borrower's stake in the success of the project and reduce losses to the bank in
the event of default."); Ronald J. Mann, Explaining the Pattern of Secured
Credit, 110 Harv. L. Rev. 625, 638 (1997) ("The advantages that a lender
receives from a grant of collateral can lower the lender's anticipated overall
costs and thus indirectly lower the costs that the borrower must pay to induce
the lender to make the loan.").





n240.  Mann, supra note 239, at 639 ("The most obvious advantage to the lender
of issuing secured credit is that receiving collateral increases the likelihood
that the lender will be able to collect the loan forcibly if the borrower does
not voluntarily repay it.").





n241.  For some examples of state usury laws, see Cal. Fin. Code. 22303 (2003);
Mass. Ann. laws ch. 172A, 9 (2003); Mont. Code Ann. 31-1-108 (2002); N.Y. Penal
Law 190.42 (2003). Microlending in other countries is not necessarily limited by
usury laws. One commentator suggests that high interest rates, with real rates
at 50% or more (charged, for example, by several microfinance programs in
Indonesia) are vital for the success of microfinance programs, as they are
necessary for program self-sustainability in the face of high default rates. He
argues that subsidies (such as usury laws) which result in "cheap" credit harm
the programs because "cheap" credit encourages abuse and fails to reach its
intended target, the poor. Yoko Miyashita, Comment: Microfinance and Poverty
Alleviation: Lessons From Indonesia's Village Banking System, 10 Pac. Rim. L. &
Pol'y 147, 159-60 (2000).





n242.  Community Reinvestment Act of 1977, 12 U.S.C. 2901-08 (2004).





n243.  For a discussion of this movement, see generally Lento, supra note 137
(analyzing and critiquing the Community Development Banking and Financial
Institutions Act, 12 U.S.C. 4701-18, as part of this movement); Taibi, supra
note 40.





n244.  Simon, supra note 5, at 42-48; see also Cummings, supra note 54, at 443
(describing community development corporations which have been promoted by
members of the CED movement as "catalysts for local economic growth, working to
correct market failures by channeling resources into areas with high
concentrations of poverty"); Klausner, supra note 235, at 1569-70 (discussing
what he calls "market imperfections").





n245.  See, e.g., Michael S. Barr, Banking the Poor, 21 Yale J. on Reg. 121, 124
(2004); Richard A. Posner, A Theory of Primitive Society, with Special Reference
to Law, 23 J. Law & Econ. 1, 1 (1980); Peter P. Swire, The Persistent Problem of
Lending Discrimination: A Law and Economics Analysis, 73 Tex. L. Rev. 787, 805
(1995).





n246.  For example, the problem of the money lender, who often monopolizes rural
credit markets in Third World countries, has attracted much attention as
exemplary of widespread market failure. See Jaffer, supra note 5, at 187-88,
193-95; Stiglitz, supra note 118, at 351-52, 362.





n247.  Following on Anthony Taibi's analysis, for example, in contrast to the
Equal Credit Opportunity Act, which "posits an acultural, meritocratic "thing'
called "creditworthiness,'" solidarity circle members are the ones who "evaluate
business plans, track repayments, [and] exchange information." Taibi, supra note
40, at 1479, 1527. In addition, the solidarity circle alleviates many of the
"administrative tasks" and "operating costs" that prevent the Community
Reinvestment Act from "altering loan-granting outcomes permanently." Id. at
1511, 1527.





n248.  See, e.g., Cao, supra note 5, at 884-88 (discussing the screening
function in the context of ROSCAs, which solve information asymmetries by
relying on borrowers themselves to screen, monitor, and enforce loans, since the
group has "ample information concerning the identity, history, and background of
its members at its disposal."); Jaffer, supra note 5, at 202 (describing that,
in the "solidarity lending model," "members of the group likely come from the
same village, have known one another all their lives, and are intimately
familiar with one another's financial situation."); Stiglitz, supra note 118, at
353 ("The Grameen Bank is able to exploit the local knowledge of the members of
the group. It has devised an incentive structure whereby others within the
village do the monitoring for it."). Hylton notes that Grameen's peer lending
strategy "transfers a large part of the risk to the borrower, and the parties
themselves have incentives to monitor the borrower to make sure that he repays
the loan. Moreover, groups will seek out members who are creditworthy, based on
information they have from day-to-day experience in their communities." Hylton,
supra note 37, at 226. See also supra note 39 and accompanying text.





n249.  See Cao, supra note 5, at 888-89; Jaffer, supra note 5, at 183, 200-01.





n250.  Klausner describes how mainstream commercial banks decide to forego
lending in low-income neighborhoods where the cost of information is high, the
loan amount is relatively small, and the number of credit-worthy applicants is
low. However, increased lending reduces the cost of information since the bank
can rely on information generated by past lending in the neighborhood. The
drawback of this system is that once some borrowers in the neighborhood begin to
exhibit signs of default, the mainstream banks use that information to determine
the risk and credit-worthiness of all borrowers from the surrounding area. See
Klausner, supra note 235, at 1568-69. See also Simon, supra note 5, at 43-48
(discussing positive externalities and complementarities in this context).





n251.  No U.S. program has reached the economies of scale attained by the
Grameen Bank. Nor has any U.S. program achieved the level of operational and
financial independence attained by the Grameen Bank, although Accion
International comes closer than most. See Talen et al., supra note 8, at 339-40;
see also Servon, supra note 20, at 20 (pointing out that even the largest U.S.
programs are not nearly the size of the Grameen Bank, which has significant
consequences for self-sustainability.) Thus, whether because the market is so
much more complex and less penetrable, or for other reasons, it remains to be
seen whether even these benefits will be realized.





n252.  See supra notes 38-40 and accompanying text. See also Stiglitz, supra
note 118, at 361 (concluding that the guarantee requirement in fact provides
incentive for group members to monitor each others' actions).





n253.  See supra note 40 and accompanying text. Jaffer, for example, appears to
assume that borrowers in developing countries already possess enough information
about the local economy to be able to assess business risk. Jaffer, supra note
5, at 202 ("Members of the group...are also likely to be familiar with the
particular idiosyncrasies of the local economy, and to be well-informed about
the prospects for the borrower's project."). However, he also acknowledges that
they may be unqualified to analyze such information adequately. Id. at 205. As I
discuss below, Jaffer's initial assumption is not safe to make concerning
borrowers in the U.S. inner city. See infra notes 255-257 and accompanying text.





n254.  See Servon, supra note 20, at 18 (discussing the need of American
microentrepreneurs for economic literacy to deal with the complex regulatory
scheme of doing business in the U.S., e.g., tax returns, licensing, etc., which
are absent in the informal economies of less developed countries); Hung, supra
note 69, at 237, 240-41, 244-45, 248-51 (correlating higher default rates in the
U.S. to the more sophisticated business skills required to participate in the
U.S. economy); Hylton, supra note 37, at 227 (pointing out the relatively
short-term investment of the typical business project financed by the Grameen
Bank). But see Mustafa A. Rahman et al., Grameen Bank in Employment Creation and
Poverty Alleviation, 4 The Bangladesh Pub. Admin. J. 52, 65-66 (1990) (giving a
breakdown of the types of projects financed by the Grameen Bank, including
longer-term processing and manufacturing, which accounted for 28% of total loans
during the period from 1976 to 1991).





n255.  See supra notes 142-161 and accompanying text. These findings might be
explained by the differences between the formality of the inner city economy and
the informality of the Bangladeshi village economy. Formality in this context
connotes at least more detailed business plans for a broader range of more
complex businesses. Alternatively, the U.S. findings may simply have been more
comprehensive and/or focused in tracking this issue.





n256.  Hung describes the former as character risk and the latter as project
risk; he too reaches the conclusion that the solidarity circle solves only for
the former risk. Hung, supra note 69, at 248-51. If U.S. programs follow the
lead of those U.S. organizations who have already experimented with the
solidarity circle, they will not enforce guarantees and thus will lose this
means of solving the informational gap. Alternatively, U.S. programs can follow
the Grameen Bank's lead in enforcing guarantees by circle members even if they
have not acquired the information necessary to screen and monitor a defaulting
borrower. I will discuss below some of the implications of such a system of
indigenous enforcement. See infra notes 321-328 and accompanying text. For now,
suffice it to say that U.S. programs must also then face the possibility of
importing the problems of debt recycling and systematic loss of savings that
result from the pressures faced by individual borrowers and their guarantors in
the context of such strict enforcement.





n257.  See supra note 158 and accompanying text. This conclusion is also borne
out by the number of U.S. microlenders who choose not to lend to even low-income
people. See supra note 107 and accompanying text.





n258.  In particular, the Microcredit Summit ought to be concerned about these
findings. See Microcredit Summit Campaign, supra note 83. The founder of the
Grameen Bank, whose original goal was to reach the poorest of the poor, should
be concerned about these findings, as well. See Yunus, supra note 36, at 40-42.





n259.  A few legal and non-legal scholars have recognized this transfer, though
at least some of them have not appeared to consider the impact of such a
transfer on the borrower's ability to maintain a small business. See Jaffer,
supra note 5, at 205 ("Another weakness of the solidarity lending model is its
transfer of risk from the lender to the borrowing group."); Hung, supra note 69,
at 240 (acknowledging the costs of participating in a group lending program);
Stiglitz, supra note 118, at 353 ("The members of the borrowing groups in the
Grameen Bank bear risks that, in the absence of the monitoring problem, could
much better be absorbed by the bank... They have been induced to bear more risks
than they otherwise would.").





n260.  It bears underscoring that, in a properly functioning commercial market,
these costs are typically either borne by the lender, or by the borrower in the
form of higher interest rates or more stringent requirements concerning
collateral, and business-related covenants and representations. Although the
mainstream borrower must collateralize its loan with physical assets, this more
passive form of collateralization does not typically require the active expense
of time that the solidarity circle requires.





n261.  Jaffer recognizes that such risk would be better borne by the lender
because the lender is more "diversified" and the borrowers, many of whom are
operating at a "subsistence level," are more risk averse. Jaffer, supra note 5,
at 205. However, he does not consider the consequences of accepting such a risk
on the borrowers' businesses.





n262.  See Rahman et al., supra note 254, at 56-57 (describing the added cost to
Grameen Bank participants of the mandatory training period, weekly meetings,
group fund account and emergency fund). Hung hints at this possibility in his
comparative study of microlending programs in the U.S. and developing countries.
Hung, supra note 69, at 240.





n263.  See, e.g., United States v. Jon-T Chems., Inc., 768 F.2d 686, 690 (5th
Cir. 1985), cert. denied, 475 U.S. 1011 (1986) (citations omitted) ("Under the
doctrine of limited liability, the owner of a corporation is not liable for the
corporation's debts. Creditors of the corporation have recourse only against the
corporation itself, not against its parent company or shareholders. It is on
this assumption that "large undertakings are rested, vast enterprises are
launched, and huge sums of capital attracted.'"); Krivo Indus. Supply Co. v.
National Distillers & Chem. Corp., 483 F.2d 1098, 1102 (5th Cir. 1973), modified
per curiam, 490 F.2d 916 (5th Cir. 1974) ("Basic to the theory of corporation
law is the concept that a corporation is a separate entity, a legal being having
an existence separate and distinct from that of its owners."). See generally
Harry G. Henn & John R. Alexander, Laws of Corporations 73 (3d ed. 1983). This
trend has continued with the introduction of limited liability companies in all
50 states. See George G. Yearsich et al., Securities Law Aspects of
Partnerships, LLCs and LLPs 824, 862 (2004).

   Kenneth Anderson has recognized this problem in the microcredit context. He
notes:



   The use of joint and several liability whether in a strictly legal sense,
under written contract, or in a practical sense, as in making a borrower's
circle jointly and severally liable for debts of the group as a condition of new
loans, runs in some sense exactly opposite the direction of enterprise law in
such places as the United States. Indeed, the trend in the United States has
been to allow a wider range of entities to operate with limited liability of
owners from demands of their creditors through such trends as the development of
limited liability companies.

 Anderson, supra note 35, at 107. Jaffer hints at this limitation in concluding
that the "tradeoff" from microlending "is that a borrower whose project is
succeeding may not have complete incentives to increase the return of her
project, if losses on other group members' projects are expected to outweigh any
possible returns on her own project." Jaffer, supra note 5, at 204.





n264.  It is certainly possible in mainstream transactions to compromise limited
liability in the face of greater lender comfort, through the device of personal
guarantees by directors and other means. It is important to note, however, that
such compromises are the exception rather than the rule.





n265.  See Credit delivery system, supra note 10 ("Organizing the primary groups
of five members and federating them into centres has been the foundation of
Grameen Bank's system. The emphasis from the very outset is to organisationally
strengthen the Grameen clientele, so that they can acquire the capacity for
planning and implementing micro level development decisions.").





n266.  One indication of the complexity of starting even a very small business
in the U.S. may be the length of the five-page "resource bibliography for
microbusinesses" published by Susan Jones. Jones, supra note 80, at 80-84. See
also Hung, supra note 69, at 243 (describing the skills required to participate
in the "more complex business environment" in the U.S. and concluding that "U.S.
borrowers used proportionally same-sized or smaller loans [compared to their
counterparts in developing countries] to finance their microenterprises with
higher transaction costs"); Robert E. Suggs, Bringing Small Business Development
to Urban Neighborhoods, 30 Harv. C.R.-C.L. L. Rev. 487, 489 (1995) ("Potential
neighborhood entrepreneurs cannot compete successfully in the world's largest,
most complex, and most dynamic economy unless their skills increase
dramatically.").





n267.  One significant difference from Grameen borrowers, though, is that the
occurrence of natural disasters such as floods in Bangladesh is a significant
source of uncertainty that would not so regularly be encountered by U.S.
borrowers. See, e.g., Bornstein, supra note 9, at 263-75; Todd, supra note 126,
at 101-28.





n268.  See supra notes 96-97 and accompanying text.





n269.  See Hung, supra note 69, at 241 ("Adding training is a significant
adaptation of the peer-group lending methodology to an industrial economy like
the United States."). A number of commentators, however, have criticized
training programs in their current form. See supra notes 204, 207 and
accompanying text.





n270.  See Hung, supra note 69, at 241; Talen et al., supra note 8, at 342.





n271.  See Anderson, supra note 35, at 117 (questioning whether "the local
markets of the rural village or the socially isolated poor urban neighborhood
are so separate from the global economy that whatever principles microcredit
uses, the exercise cannot meaningfully be said to have anything to do with
global markets").





n272.  Posner, supra note 245, at 8-10.





n273.  Id. at 9. Hylton argues that the Grameen Bank model, based on relatively
short-term, primarily agricultural projects which generate an income stream for
the purpose of paying off the loan within one year of investment, is unlikely to
work in American cities where the project would require more time to develop
financially, and therefore require higher monitoring and default costs. Hylton,
supra note 37, at 227. For statistics outlining Grameen Bank loans by industry,
see Rahman et al., supra note 254, at 64-66 (noting that, in the period from
1976 to 1991, livestock and fisheries were the largest sector, receiving 43
percent of loans, followed by processing and manufacturing, the second largest
sector, receiving 28 percent of loans). But see supra notes 127-130 and
accompanying text (discussing studies that found that many borrowers list
business activities in their loan applications that they never actually pursue).





n274.  See Talen et al., supra note 8, at 334 (contrasting the U.S.'s integrated
economy with that of developing countries, where "regional economies are not
well integrated," thereby allowing local economies to "flourish through local
production").





n275.  See discussion infra Part IV.B; see also Hung, supra note 69, at 240.





n276.  See supra notes 96, 204, 207 and accompanying text. As I also have
discussed earlier, this is a problem that might be correcting itself,
particularly as a result of the work of the more training-focused programs. See
supra notes 268-270 and accompanying text.





n277.  In addition, as is developed further in the next section, one has to
wonder what kind of a message we are sending would-be entrepreneurs about proper
market participation when part of our lesson concerns behavioral changes wholly
unrelated to the market. See discussion infra Part IV.B. In other words, to
those CED advocates who have focused on the social benefits of the Sixteen
Decisions, the challenge must be to consider the effect of that or any social
development agenda on the target group's market participation - in the local
economy and beyond.





n278.  See Yunus, supra note 36, at 64. In addition to imposing inconvenience by
means of the circle strategy, bank workers also use techniques such as refusing
to dismiss borrowers from weekly meetings until they have remitted payments from
each member of the circle. See Rahman, supra note 15, at 123. According to
Rahman, this technique, in particular, results in increased tensions and
violence at home. Id. at 123-24.





n279.  See Yunus, supra note 36, at 140-42 ("Giving the poor access to credit
allows them to immediately put into practice the skills they already know... And
the cash they earn is then a tool, a key that unlocks a host of other abilities
and allows them to explore their own potential."); see also supra note 96 and
accompanying text.





n280.  The empirical evidence is that such questioning has resulted in the
greater focus on training.





n281.  My point here hinges on my assumption that would-be male entrepreneurs
are extensively excluded from market participation too. If the cause of market
failure in the inner city is societal discrimination against women, then a focus
on women as lending targets may be more appropriate. See Anderson, supra note
35, at 98-99 (discussing market irrationality in the form of gender
discrimination in developing countries). Indeed, such a focus is likely more
appropriate at higher levels of income, where men are able to access the market
more freely. However, while I do not have data on this point, I suspect that the
cause of market failure among the very poor, while partly attributable to gender
discrimination, goes deeper - resulting in the exclusion of women and men alike.
Moreover, if the rationale for targeting women is to level the playing field,
then current programmatic efforts must acknowledge that they are not providing a
silver bullet for poverty reduction.





n282.  Again, I do not intend this argument to challenge the contentions of
those courts and legal scholars who have targeted (and would consider targeting)
women in order to compensate them for past discrimination or to level the
playing field. For discussions of the debate concerning similar/different
treatment of women, see generally Kahn v. Shevin, 416 U.S. 351 (1974); Judith
Olans Brown et al., The Failure of Gender Equality: An Essay in Constitutional
Dissonance, 36 Buff. L. Rev. 573 (1987).





n283.  See infra notes 331-332 and accompanying text.





n284.  See infra notes 329-330 and accompanying text.





n285.  See, e.g., Califano v. Boles, 443 U.S. 282 (1979) (discussing the
availability of "mother's insurance benefits" under the Social Security Act to
mother of illegitimate child); Joan Williams, Unbending Gender: Why Family and
Work Conflict and What To Do About It 42 (2000) (discussing the effects of this
assumption in the context of the workplace); Chuck Halverson, From Here To
Paternity: Why Men Are Not Taking Paternity Leave Under the Family and Medical
Leave Act, 18 Wis. Women's L.J. 257, 261-64 (2003) (discussing the media's
portrayal of women as the primary caretakers of children as contributing to the
social stigma surrounding men's decisions concerning paternity leave); Herma
Hill Kay, "Making Marriage and Divorce Safe for Women" Revisited, 32 Hofstra L.
Rev. 71, 79 (2003) ("Despite improvements in the legal regulation of these
matters, it remains true today that our culture identifies mothers, rather than
fathers, as the primary caretakers of infants and pre-school aged children.");
Martha T. McCluskey, Efficiency and Social Citizenship: Challenging the
Neoliberal Attack on the Welfare State, 78 Ind. L.J. 783, 840 (2003)
("Consistent with the theory that rising class inequality (not just falling
gender inequality) has increased mothers' wage work, responsibility for child
care remains heavily gendered - as does primary responsibility for family wage
earning.") (emphasis in original).





n286.  I discuss below whether it is justifiable on other grounds. See
discussion infra Part IV.C.





n287.  See supra notes 162-164 and accompanying text.





n288.  See discussion infra Part V.A.





n289.  Of course, the converse may also be true. While my focus is on the
structural success (or lack thereof) of the Grameen Bank's model in the U.S., my
concerns about the causes of market failure in the Grameen Bank model may
implicate its success in other economies too - indeed even in Bangladesh -
though I currently have no ready way of proving it.





n290.  See supra notes 143-149 and accompanying text.





n291.  I describe this above as a possible fourth piece of the market failure
that is unsolved by the Grameen model: the inability of borrowers to access the
formal systems and rights available to mainstream entrepreneurs. See supra notes
271-275 and accompanying text.





n292.  For more on the early trends of the Law and Development movement see
generally Kenneth L. Karst, Law in Developing Countries, 60 L. Libr. J. 13
(1967); John H. Merryman, Comparative Law and Social Change: On the Origins,
Style, Decline & Revival of the Law and Development Movement, 25 Am. J. Comp. L.
457 (1977); David M. Trubek, Toward a Social Theory of Law: An Essay on the
Study of Law and Development, 82 Yale L.J. 1 (1972).





n293.  During that time, the movement appropriately chastised its earlier work
for espousing an ethnocentric view of "development" that was clearly
inappropriate for a post-colonial world. For an example of this, see generally
David M. Trubek & Marc Galanter, Scholars in Self Estrangement: Some Reflections
on the Crisis in Law and Development Studies in the United States, 1974 Wis. L.
Rev. 1062 (1974).





n294.  For a historical review of the Law and Development movement, and a
description of its current shape, see generally Amy L. Chua, Markets, Democracy,
and Ethnicity: Toward a New Paradigm for Law and Development, 108 Yale L.J. 1
(1998); Bryant G. Garth, Building Strong and Independent Judiciaries Through the
New Law and Development: Behind the Paradox of Consensus Programs and
Perpetually Disappointing Results, 52 DePaul L. Rev. 383 (2002). For progressive
critiques within the Law and Development movement, see generally Francis N.
Botchway, Good Governance: The Old, the New, the Principle, and the Elements, 13
Fla. J. Int'l L. 159 (2001); James Thuo Gathii, Retelling Good Governance
Narratives on Africa's Economic and Political Predicaments: Continuities and
Discontinuities in Legal Outcomes Between Markets and States, 45 Vill. L. Rev.
971 (2000); David Kennedy, The International Anti-Corruption Campaign, 14 Conn.
J. of Int'l L. 455 (1999).





n295.  For relatively comprehensive discussions of the definition(s) of the Rule
of Law, see Randall Peerenboom, China's Long March Toward Rule of Law (2002);
John K.M. Ohnesorge, The Rule of Law, Economic Development, and the Development
States of Northeast Asia, in Law and Development in East and Southeast Asia 91
(Christoph Antons ed., 2003). See also Hernando De Soto, The Mystery of Capital,
153-206 (2000); Friedrich Hayek, the Road to Serfdom 80-96 (University of
Chicago Press 1995) (1944); Brian Tamanaha, A General Jurisprudence of Law and
Society 74 (2001). For purposes of my analysis, the most relevant portions of
that description are first, the creation of a comprehensive set of rules
governing behavior, and second, the relationship between those rules and the
means of enforcement.





n296.  Hernando De Soto describes this process perhaps most effectively in The
Mystery of Capital. See De Soto, supra note 295, at 207-28.





n297.  See generally De Soto, supra note 295 at 153-206; Lee. J. Alston et al.,
Property Rights and Land Conflict: A Comparison of Settlement of the U.S.
Western and Brazilian Amazon Frontiers, in Latin America and the World Economy
Since 1800 55-84 (John H. Coatsworth & Alan M. Taylor eds., 1998); Erica Field,
Property Rights, Community Public Goods, and Household Time Allocation in Urban
Squatter Communities: Evidence From Peru, 45 Wm. & Mary L. Rev. 837, 843 (2004).





n298.  See Douglass C. North, Understanding the Process of Economic Change 1
(Inst. of Econ. Affairs, Occasional Paper No. 106, 1999). See also David M.
Trubek, Max Weber on Law and the Rise of Capitalism, 1972 Wis. L. Rev. 720
(1972) (discussing Max Weber's emphasis on the importance of predictable rules
to successful contractual bargaining).





n299.  See Ohnesorge, supra note 295, at 100 (describing the "clarity and
judicial enforcement of contracts" as a "theme often emphasized in the economic
development literature that deals with the Rule of Law").





n300.  De Soto, supra note 295, at 47.





n301.  See infra notes 418-421 and accompanying text.





n302.  The CED movement's discourse on formality is not nearly as developed as
that of the Law and Development movement. To my knowledge, the CED movement has
not incorporated the term "Rule of Law" in its discourse, nor has it really
defined the theoretical importance of laws and legal systems to the practice of
CED. Nonetheless, formality does seem to have some theoretical importance to
CED. For example, Professor Simon has commented on the importance of "personal
formality," which includes the ability to read balance sheets and to follow
Robert's Rules of Order in the conduct of meetings, as a means of "imposing
structure on relations." Simon, supra note 5, at 424-25. See generally Posner,
supra note 245 (discussing from a Law and Economics perspective the wealth
maximizing behaviors of "primitive" societies, concluding that such behaviors
are less efficient than those of "advanced" societies). Perhaps the closest
analogy to de Soto's work overseas is Jane Larson's proposal for "regularizing"
colonias in U.S./Mexico border towns. See Jane E. Larson, Informality,
Illegality, and Inequality, 20 Yale L. & Pol'y. Rev. 137, 140 (2002). For
purposes of my analysis in this section, I will use the rhetoric of the Rule of
Law, as defined by the Law and Development movement, but with the expectation
that some of the purposes of the Rule of Law are also important to broad
segments of the CED and Law and Economics movements.





n303.  With this claim, I am not arguing that there is no place for informality
in development efforts that seek to increase market participation. Nor, in fact,
do I disagree with the Bank's original goal, which involved the creation of
informal collaborative efforts as a means for preparing borrowers for formal
market interaction with those operating outside of the Grameen structure.
Rather, my point here is that the Bank's actual use of informality undermines
this goal both by interfering with borrowers' relations with outside market
participants and by leveraging informal competition rather than collaboration.





n304.  See supra notes 143-151 and accompanying text.





n305.  I am not arguing here that informality presents a conflict because it
jeopardizes the formality of our entire legal system. Rather, as I discuss
below, even where courts are a last resort, the informality of devices like the
behavioral conditions and the solidarity circle conflict with the more
well-defined contractual conditions that typify mainstream business
relationships. Thus, while informal behaviors could be seen as reducing
transaction costs in very local (i.e., informal) markets, these same behaviors
might serve as entry barriers to participation in more mainstream markets.





n306.  See Ohnesorge, supra note 295, at 99-100.





n307.  De Soto, supra note 295, at 40-46.





n308.  Id. at 41.





n309.  See supra notes 290-291, 295-299 and accompanying text. Again, in this
section, I refrain from discussing whether such efficiency is sought by the
target population. See discussion infra Parts IV.C, V.





n310.  In mentioning written (as opposed to oral) contracts here, I acknowledge
the tension between some of Law and Development's expectations concerning the
rule of law and formalization and the reality of literacy rates in Bangladesh
and other areas where the rule of law has been exported. I begin to address this
tension in Part VI. Simply put, the target population may not value the rule of
law. That, of course, has consequences for the success of any development
program. In this section, however, I take the structural goal of formal
participation at face value and evaluate the Bank's ability to meet that goal.





n311.  Despite the Bank's obvious formalization of the lending process
(compared, for example, to that used by money lenders), the Bank's founder
claims that the Bank never uses "legal instruments," "meaningless paper
contracts," or courts. Yunus, supra note 36, at 70.





n312.  See supra notes 17-18, 46 and accompanying text; see also Counts, supra
note 10, at 80 (describing the Sixteen Decisions as the bank's attempt to
respond to the social dimensions of poverty).

   Bank rules also require weekly meetings at loan centers to begin with a
recitation of the Sixteen Decisions. Rahman, supra note 15, at 89-91. My
analysis here does not cover this aspect of the behavioral program, largely
because I wish to focus on the impact of this program on the most formal aspects
of the loan transaction. To the extent that the weekly meetings are considered
to be a formal part of the microcredit program; however, they should be subject
to the same critiques made here.





n313.  Having drafted loan documents numerous times in practice, I might add
that it would also be an uncomfortable exercise.





n314.  This difficulty is further complicated by the fact that some of the
requirements target the individual, while others target the group. How, for
example, would a court enforce the group standard set forth in Decision
Thirteen, to collectively undertake larger investments for higher incomes?





n315.  Some might counter that precedent for this type of contractual
relationship arguably already exists in this country in the form of welfare
applications, which require certain uses of grant money, prohibit certain
behaviors, and so on. Others have commented extensively on this type of
behavioral conditioning in the context of welfare. For example, Professor Lucy
Williams critiques two popular behavior modification models of welfare reform in
the 1980s. Lucy A. Williams, The Ideology of Division: Behavior Modification
Welfare Reform Proposals, 102 Yale L. J. 719, 721 (1992). Specifically, Williams
points out that Wisconsin's "Learnfare" statute is based on faulty premises
about the relationship between social problems such as truancy and welfare to
the extent that it originally conditioned welfare eligibility for teenage
mothers on regular school attendance (and the program has, in fact, failed to
increase school attendance or reduce the dropout rate). Id. at 726-37. With
respect to the truancy problem, Williams also contrasts the relationship the
government has with welfare and non-welfare recipients: Non-welfare recipients
receive a tax break for each dependent regardless of truancy. Id. at 734-35. See
generally Linda C. McClain, "Irresponsible" Reproduction, 47 Hastings L. J. 339
(1996) (finding that current models of welfare reform reflect "a problematic
gender ideology and troublesome stereotypes about people in poverty, and rely
upon reductive accounts of human motivation in the area of reproductive
behavior"). Other examples include subsidized housing programs that regulate
tenant behavior. See, e.g., 42 U.S.C. 13661 (2005) ("[A] public housing agency
or an owner of federally assisted housing, as determined by the Secretary, shall
establish standards that prohibit admission to the program or admission to
federally assisted housing for any household with a member who the public
housing agency or owner determines is illegally using a controlled
substance...."). Whatever one's position on the validity of behavior
modification in the ongoing debates about welfare, such social engineering seems
a better fit for regulatory practices than private contracts.





n316.  Conditions in mainstream loan agreements typically require certain
business-related occurrences prior to loan disbursement. Such conditions provide
little precedent for imposing non-business-related behavioral requirements. For
example, in standard loan forms, typical conditions focus on such financial
events as late payment or bankruptcy. See, e.g., James C. Van Horne, Financial
Market Rates and Flows 111 (2d ed. 1984). An exception might be the requirement
of personal guarantees or use of personal assets to fully collateralize business
loans.





n317.  If, on the other hand, these conditions could be proven to reduce the
loan risk to the lender, then they might be justifiable as a means of
eliminating the lender's transaction costs. However, the Bank's social
conditioning has not been, nor can it readily be, justified on these grounds.





n318.  It is also questionable whether such conditions would be legally
enforceable. In the welfare context, the Supreme Court has struck down
legislation that sanctioned the conditioning of benefits on behavior
modification rules, such as the "suitable home" and "man in the house" rules
limiting women's sexual and reproductive behavior and disqualifying families for
the mother's suspected immorality. See King v. Smith, 392 U.S. 309, 321-27
(1968).

   Yet another questionable aspect of using social development as consideration
is the issue of whether such consideration is really voluntary, or whether it is
more akin to the type of "forced exchange" more typically imposed by money
lenders and which microcredit lenders seek to replace. See Johnson & Rogaly,
supra note 131, at 6.





n319.  See supra notes 96-97, 203-204 and accompanying text. The structure
chosen by U.S. microlenders might very well be an answer to some of the concerns
I have raised here. In this respect, then, U.S.. microlending programs might be
distinguishable from non-practitioners in the U.S. who admire the Grameen Bank's
program. The former may have concluded that the type of raw conditioning
attempted by the Grameen Bank is simply inappropriate in the U.S. inner city.
Perhaps this should implicate its appropriateness in Bangladesh, too. It is
particularly to the non-practitioners, then, that I address my analysis
concerning formality in transactions.





n320.  See supra notes 204-205 and accompanying text.





n321.  This more business focused training is, however, more justifiable as a
loan condition to the extent that it serves to reduce the lender's risk. It does
not solve the borrower's entry problems.





n322.  Jaffer, supra note 5, at 201-03.





n323.  See supra notes 37-39 and accompanying text.





n324.  As Kenneth Anderson states, "there is a certain irony in the dependence
of microcredit, at least in some instances, on thoroughly non-market forms of
obligation, rather than the classic capitalist notion of legally enforceable
contract, as the mechanism of repayment." Anderson, supra note 35, at 107.





n325.  In addition, there appears to be no assurance that new borrowers have the
benefit of simple, consistent, easily enforceable rules with which to comply
within a circle. Thus, as was found by Rahman, the circle might employ more
factional decision-making that, even if it did employ a code of family honor
rather than a business-related code, would not follow its own code consistently.
See supra notes 170-174 and accompanying text. I am not suggesting, here, that
one code is better than the other, but rather that a more formal code would be
more easily and obviously enforceable by outside institutions.





n326.  Yunus, supra note 36, at 70.





n327.  Cao, supra note 5, at 892-917. See generally Kennedy, supra note 144
(arguing that the "informal" sector can be sufficiently stable - "economically
productive," and capable of "security, transparency and reliability" for
effective participation by those who are in that sector).





n328.  See supra notes 175-181 and accompanying text.





n329.  This, then, would be an interim solution at best. One risk would be that
it would be used indefinitely, thereby returning us to the problem of having
created a marginal market for the poor. Another risk would be that this
particular type of informal behavior would not be a good stepping stone to the
mainstream market, as will be discussed further below. Thus, assuming that a
certain amount of controlled informality might be appropriate as a transitional
device, this particular use of social collateral might not be.





n330.  This concern seems particularly relevant, considering the possibility
that such conditioning could be perceived as a double standard imposed on the
poor in the context of loan transactions, but not on mainstream businesses
receiving benefits such as the depreciation deduction. Query whether such an
alternative credit market would impair microentrepreneurs' participation in
their product and service markets as well. The theory here would be that the
costs of doing business informally in the market for credit and formally in the
market for products or services would be too high.





n331.  Indeed, these conditions run the risk of creating a false sense of
participation which could not be sustained in the mainstream economy.





n332.  Indeed, Kenneth Anderson theorizes that this is exactly the function many
microlenders may be serving, a function which they need to acknowledge
explicitly. He adds:



   The rationale for microcredit would have to be that the welfare subsidy
offered is more efficiently used to subsidize the business, rather than simply
directly granting the same aid for purposes of direct consumption because, even
if the microbusiness cannot fully cover its costs, it can generate profits that
create a net utility greater than a direct consumption subsidy alone would.
(These net utilities might, and typically do, include intangible utilities in
the form of greater training and expertise and ability to engage in other forms
of economic activity; they may include such things as learning how to manage
money or rudimentary bookkeeping or other skills.)

 Anderson, supra note 35, at 97. See also Servon, supra note 20, at 127
(commenting that, in the U.S., the "success of these programs derives from their
provision of a wide range of resources - through networks, training, and support
- that include but are not limited to credit"). These are the net utilities,
however, that the Grameen Bank's informal approach fails to capture.





n333.  The broader question for U.S. practitioners, especially lawyers, is what
gains they think are achieved by formalizing transactions. In other words, by
practicing corporate law on behalf of the poor, are lawyers helping
micro-entrepreneurs reach the market (and if so, of course, which market)? Here,
there appears to be a strong assumption that a direct transfer of lawyering
skills will suffice as an aid to the poor - again, that formality is good and
important. See, e.g., Jones, supra note 8, at 208-18 (describing the legal
services provided by her law school's transactional lawyering clinic to small
and microentrepreneurs, including advice about choice of entity, tax law,
licenses and permits, contract drafting, insurance, and intellectual property).
See generally Jones, supra note 80 (detailing the ways in which lawyers can
contribute to microenterprise development efforts). While such lawyering for the
poor may indeed be the best form of aid we can provide, this assumption too must
be tested.





n334.  Indeed, the failure of indigenousness may have been the single greatest
cause of the crisis undergone by the Law and Development movement in the 1970s.
It was a key moment of progress in development efforts abroad when that movement
recognized that a "one size fits all" development package created in, and
modeled on, the United States was systematically failing when exported to the
Third World. See infra notes 340-342 and accompanying text.





n335.  In an oft-quoted part of his book, Yunus claims that the "poor taught me
an entirely new economics" which he used as the basis for developing the Grameen
Bank. Yunus, supra note 36, at ix. See also Garry Christensen, The Limits to
Informal Financial Intermediation, 21 World Dev. 721, 722 (1993) (discussing the
use of local relationships to overcome limitations in knowledge); Nichols, supra
note 35, at 299-300 (arguing that the Grameen Bank has "borrowed from the
indigenous - and very relational - rotating savings and credit associations that
exist in a broad arch from Japan to the bottom of Africa"); Stiglitz, supra note
118, at 352-53 (discussing the exploitation of local knowledge by Grameen Bank);
Yaron, supra note 39, at 55 (attributing Grameen Bank's success to the use of
local relationships).





n336.  Bornstein, supra note 9, at 38-39.





n337.  Id. at 19.





n338.  Id. at 45.





n339.  Id. at 96; Counts, supra note 10, at 80, 348.





n340.  The model appears to allay concerns that many in the development
community might have about failing to apply in the inner city the lessons we
learned in doing development work overseas. See generally Trubek & Galanter,
supra note 293 (reconciling the Grameen Bank model with inner city contexts).





n341.  See Trubek & Galanter, supra note 293, at 1080-82 (discussing the
ethnocentricity of the old model of Law and Development). This conclusion is
shared by the Grameen Bank's founder. Yunus, supra note 36, at ix (referring to
his "worm's eye view" of development); id. at 142-44 (discussing the
ineffectiveness of international development programs, including the World
Bank).





n342.  See Trubek & Galanter, supra note 293, at 1091-92 (questioning the
"desirability of the American experience," though this questioning seems to have
been driven more by the authors' own loss of faith than by their impressions of
the desires of their target populations). Again, this view is shared by Yunus.
Yunus, supra note 36, at 140-41 (discussing the poor's innate skills and
desires).





n343.  In describing Yunus' initial foray into microcredit in the 1970s, for
example, Counts relates Yunus' early impressions of how to address rural
poverty:



   Local problems needed to be solved by local people, and organizations in
which they actively participated. Government, [Yunus] and his colleagues felt,
could play a supportive role and even be a catalyst, but it had to be recognized
that the responsibility for success or failure rested solely with the people.
Any program failing to recognize this was doomed to end in disappointment.

 Counts, supra note 10, at 37.





n344.  In addition, the use of the solidarity circle in particular leads us to
assume that informal and indigenous norms are captured, better yet leveraged, in
the lending process. According to this reasoning, whatever the cultural norms of
the particular target population are (whether saving face, valorization of the
collective, and so on), such norms will be the basis of peer pressure in the
context of the loan transaction.





n345.  See Simon, supra note 5, at 62-67 (suggesting that republican political
thought gives a political cast to the defining themes of CED, including that of
local economic self-sufficiency advanced by microcredit and other CED programs).





n346.  See William E. Forbath, Caste, Class, and Equal Citizenship, 98 Mich. L.
Rev. 1, 20 (1999). Forbath observes that: "To Madison or Jefferson, the
socioeconomic key to individual freedom and citizenly independence was ownership
of productive property, and at various times both men said citizens had a right
to sufficient property upon which to work to support themselves and their
families and championed broad distributive policies on that basis." Id. at 14.
Forbath points out that in his Draft Constitution for Virginia, Jefferson
included a provision that ""Every person of full age...shall be entitled to an
appropriation of 50 acres...in full and absolute dominion.'" Id. at 14 n.58
(citing Jefferson's Draft Constitution for Virginia). Forbath also notes
Jefferson's statement that the ""fundamental right to labour,' as it belongs to
the unemployed poor, may trump the property rights of large landholders." Id.
See also Mark E. Brandon, Home on the Range: Family and Constitutionalism in
American Continental Settlement, 52 Emory L.J. 645, 665 (2003) (describing
Thomas Jefferson as "a progenitor of a strand of American ethos known as
agrarian republicanism"). Hoke describes civic republicanism as a theory that
"conceives of individuals as fundamentally situated - located in families,
communities, and specific cultures - rather than isolated and atomistic
abstractions bereft of temporal and spatial locus...." S. Candice Hoke,
Preemption Pathologies and Civic Republican Values, 71 B.U. L. Rev. 687, 704
(1991). She continues: "Civic republicanism is committed to principles of civic
virtue, open-minded deliberation, substantive political equality, and
participatory citizenship." Id.

   For a brief yet illuminating critique of civic republicanism and its
traditional roots, see generally Linda K. Kerber, The Republican Civic
Tradition: Making Republicanism Useful, 97 Yale L.J. 1663 (1988). Kerber
discusses traditional civic republicanism's "tendency to homogeneity and the
tyranny of the majority as well as liberalism's tendency to enshrine private
property rights." Id. at 1665. Kerber remarks that "classical republican
tradition assumed that deliberation was possible only in small and exclusive
communities; the absence of the dependent classes - defined by race, gender, and
property - was essential to the republican view of the world, not an easily
correctable accident." Id.





n347.  Simon, supra note 5, at 51-57. With this analogy, Simon focuses not on
Protestantism or any particular religious affiliation so much as the notion that
"spiritual orientation...can support capitalist economic activity...." Id. at
51. Most of Bangladesh is Muslim. However, Simon specifically references
research applying Weber's conceptualization to Muslim communities. Id.





n348.  Id. at 51-57. Moreover, Lan Cao's analysis of rotating credit
associations suggests that the community values exhibited by these indigenous
"lenders" include wealth maximization. Cao, supra note 5, at 862-63, 906-07.





n349.  Simon, supra note 5, at 52.





n350.  Bornstein, supra note 9, at 187; Rahman, supra note 15, at 84; Todd,
supra note 126, at 147. The Bank's founder expresses concern about the disparity
in numbers of male and female bank staff, claiming that retaining female workers
has been difficult. Yunus, supra note 36, at 79.





n351.  See Rahman, supra note 15, at 111 (describing the pervasive belief among
the women in his study village that handling money is "men's job"); Yunus, supra
note 36, at 73-74 (describing the difficulties of convincing women to join the
Bank, including the opposition of husbands and the issues with purdah). However,
Todd notes:



   The Bank has succeeded at its most fundamental level because its village
clients have been able to make enough money from their loans to repay the Bank.
The women clients have done this, not by jumping out of purdah or by confronting
the society in which they are embedded, but by using or manipulating elements in
their culture which allow their enterprise.

 Todd, supra note 126, at 36.





n352.  Rahman, supra note 15, at 74-75 (describing the strong linkage between
concepts of honor and shame and women's roles in rural Bangladesh); see supra
notes 215-219 and accompanying text.





n353.  For discussions of gender and development, see generally Alana Albee,
Support to Women's Productive and Income-Generating Activities (United Nations
Children's Fund, Evaluation and Research Working Paper 1, 1994); Lourdes Beneria
& Martha Roldan, The Crossroads of Class and Gender: Industrial Homework,
Subcontracting, and Household Dynamics in Mexico City (1987); Ester Boserup,
Women's Role in Economic Development (1970); Mary Cronin & Susan DiMatteo,
Women's Economic Development as an Emerging Movement: Strategies For Improving
Women's Economic Position (1988); Maria Mies, Patriarchy and Accumulation on
World Scale: Women in the International Division of Labour (1986); Feminist
Visions of Development: Gender Analysis and Policy (Cecile Jackson & Ruth
Pearson eds., 1998); Mayra Buvinic, Investing in Poor Women: The Psychology of
Donor Support, 17 World Development 1045 (1989); Marty Chen, A Sectoral Approach
to Promoting Women's Work: Lessons from India, 17 World Development 1007 (1989);
Lewis, supra note 61; Celestine I. Nyamu, How Should Human Rights and
Development Respond to Cultural Legitimization of Gender Hierarchy in Developing
Countries?, 41 Harv. Int'l L.J. 381 (2000).

   It may be worth investigating the extent to which the Grameen Bank's focus on
women was a historical choice, either anticipating or responding to this
discourse as well as the United Nations Convention on the Elimination of All
Forms of Discrimination Against Women (CEDAW), which includes an article on
"access to credit" by rural women. See Convention on the Elimination of All
Forms of Discrimination Against Women, G.A. Res. 34/180, U.N. GAOR, 34th Sess.,
Supp. No. 46, at 193, U.N. Doc. A/34/46, (1979).





n354.  See generally Ann R. Tickamyer, Public Policy and Private Lives: Social
and Spatial Dimensions of Women's Poverty and Welfare Policy in the United
States, 84 Ky. L.J. 721, 742 (1996); Lucy A. Williams, Race, Rat Bites and Unfit
Mothers: How Media Discourse Informs Welfare Legislation Debate, 22 Fordham Urb.
L.J. 1159, 1191 (1995).





n355.  See Judith Olans Brown et al. The Mythogenesis of Gender: Judicial Images
of Women in Paid and Unpaid Labor, 6 UCLA Women's L.J. 457 (1996) (tracing how
gender-based myths about women on welfare and in the workplace enshrine gender
oppression); Shelley A. Ryan, Wrongful Birth: False Representations of Women's
Reproductive Lives, 78 Minn. L. Rev. 857, 864 (1994) (discussing the feminist
critique that male perspectives have infected many areas of the law, including
employment discrimination); see also Ronnie Cohen, Feminist Thought and
Corporate Law: It's Time to Find Our Way Up From the Bottom Line, 2 Am. U. J.
Gender Soc. Pol'y & L. 1, 6 (1994).





n356.  See Mary E. O'Connell, On the Fringe: Rethinking the Link Between Wages
and Benefits, 67 Tul. L. Rev. 1421, 1425 (1993); Lorraine A. Schmall,
Transnational Issues of Women and Pension Security and Reform, 14 N.Y. Int'l L.
Rev. 87, 87 (2001).





n357.  Perhaps this is partly because the Bank does recognize that such a
perspective excludes women's viewpoints.





n358.  In effect, the Bank accomplishes indigenousness by incorporating a
male-centered view of cultural norms, but then adds to the mix Western values of
women's rights. The latter partly are a censure of the former.





n359.  Thus, rhetoric about the Bank, and about microcredit more generally, uses
terms like "empowerment" and "emancipation" when discussing the effect of
microlending on women. See, e.g., G.A. Res. 97, U.N. GAOR, 52nd Sess., U.N. Doc
A/RES/52/194 (1998) (stating "microcredit programmes...have especially benefited
women and have resulted in the achievement of their empowerment"); Global HIV
Prevention Working Group, Global Mobilization for HIV Prevention: A Blueprint
for Action 28 (2002) ("Donor nations must significantly increase support for
microfinance programs, girls' education initiatives, mechanisms to enforce laws
against sexual trafficking and commercial exploitation of children, and other
strategies to increase the economic, legal, political, and social power of
women."), available at
http://www.gatesfoundation.org/nr/downloads/globalhealth/aids/
HIVPrevReport_Final.pdf (last visited July 5, 2005). See also Servon, supra note
20, at 54-61 (describing the Women's Initiative for Self Employment); supra note
48 and accompanying text.





n360.  See supra note 211 and accompanying text. Celia Taylor advocates greater
research into such questions. Taylor, supra note 20, at 330-31. Helen Todd's
study strongly challenges some of my claims. In it, she concludes that Grameen
women are more empowered within the household and the village. See Todd, supra
note 126 at 80-81, 85-87, 89-100, 117-18, 178-79, 217.





n361.  One counterargument to these questions is that in situations of extreme
poverty, choices and desires are less relevant than workable strategies. See
Sultan & Sally Bould, "One Able Daughter is Worth Ten Illiterate Sons":
Reframing the Family Among Working Mothers in Bangladeshi Garment Factories, J.
of Marriage and the Fam. (forthcoming) (manuscript at 20-21, on file with
author). While this is a compelling point, I argue here that the workability of
a strategy is based, in part, on asking questions such as these.





n362.  For example, labor rights, worker safety, and so on. And further, are
these protections somehow better than the protections that women currently have
by virtue of their participation in the family structure? These questions have
been raised by feminists in other contexts, often questioning whether such
protections are chosen or patronizingly imposed. See, e.g., Brown et al., supra
note 355 (discussing state protective legislation for women workers).





n363.  And on whose perspectives are we basing our current assumptions? Lenders'
views of efficiency?





n364.  See supra notes 210-211 and accompanying text.





n365.  Here, I am drawing on the extensive work done by postcolonial studies and
feminist studies in dismantling a monolithic and objectifying understanding of
women in developing countries. See Chandra Talpade Mohanty et al., Under Western
Eyes: Feminist Scholarship and Colonial Discourses, in Third World Women and the
Politics of Feminism 53 (Chandra Talpade Mohanty et al. eds., 1991) ("The
relationship between "Woman' - a cultural and ideological composite Other
constructed through diverse representational discourses (scientific, literary,
juridical, linguistic, cinematic, etc.) - and "women' - real, material subjects
of their collective histories - is one of the central questions the practice of
feminist scholarship seeks to address."). For several other important studies
addressing this sort of flawed understanding of women in developing countries,
see generally Jamaica Kincaid, A Small Place (1988); Trinh T. Minh-Ha, When the
Moon Waxes Red: Representation, Gender and Cultural Politics (1991); Edward
Said, Orientalism (1978); Sara Suleri, The Rhetoric of English India (1992);
Spivak, supra note 1.





n366.  I do, however, want to emphasize here that I am not assuming that
Bangladeshi women do not want to be entrepreneurs, etc., but rather that they
must be asked. See infra notes 398-399 and accompanying text.





n367.  For several important exceptions, see generally Rahman, supra note 15;
Todd, supra note 126; Goetz & Gupta, supra note 201, at 54-55 (arguing that the
risk of physical violence by male relatives, for example, results in maintenance
of the status quo and the inability of women to comply with directives which
require a change in the gender dynamics of the household). Regarding the
disparity in female and male bank workers, see Yunus, supra note 36, at 77-83
(describing the Bank's efforts to hire and retain more female workers).





n368.  For a review of several of these studies, see generally Counts, supra
note 10; Fuglesang & Chandler, supra note 110; Ruhul Amin et al., supra note
118; Auwal & Singhal, supra note 39; Friedman & Sahay, supra note 111; Hossain,
supra note 110; Rahman, supra note 110; Schuler & Hashemi, supra note 171;
Wahid, supra note 32.





n369.  See supra notes 220-223 and accompanying text.





n370.  See supra note 339 and accompanying text.





n371.  Similarly, it is hard to contemplate how importation of the Bank's
process of developing the Sixteen Decisions could be any more representative of
poor, inner city borrowers in the U.S.





n372.  See supra notes 106, 166, 210, 225-227 and accompanying text.





n373.  Here I am making a number of claims. First, it is easier for the
experimenter to disassociate himself from the subject when that subject is
different in gender. This disassociation may also occur with respect to race, or
gender and race. Both postcolonial and feminist scholars have described this
process, often referring to it as "othering." See, e.g., Mohanty, supra note
365, at 51-80. Second, the claim that the choice of women as a target population
leads to greater social investment in this group is actually a veiled means by
which to disinvest in the process of truly indigenous development, the latter of
which is at least threatening, if not financially disadvantageous, to the
majority population. Taub writes:



   Historically, the South, in general, invested relatively little in education,
because to do so would ultimately undermine the low wage structure which the
wealthy perceived was necessary for them to maintain their positions. In that
kind of setting, local elites are unlikely to support programs which encourage
independence and opportunity for the low income people in their communities.

 Taub, supra note 61, at 10. Third, simply put, this comfort stems from a
patronizing attitude. See generally Brown et al., supra note 355 (discussing
state protective legislation for women workers as a product of patronizing
assumptions about pregnant women).





n374.  See supra notes 215-219 and accompanying text.





n375.  See supra notes 219-224 and accompanying text. Although Rahman's figures
are quite compelling in establishing a link between the Bank's programs and
further marginalization of women, additional investigation into issues of
causation is certainly warranted.





n376.  And, indeed, the empirical studies of U.S. programs show that those that
target women often describe themselves as training-focused and are quite
resource-intensive. See supra notes 225-227 and accompanying text.





n377.  The full implications of a hybrid model are too complex to be addressed
in this Article. Although the implications of hybridity have been
under-researched, a number of scholars and practitioners have begun to question
the extent of transferability. See, e.g., Servon, supra note 20, at 18
("Although it is encouraging that U.S. policymakers have begun to look outside
U.S. borders for ways to combat persistent poverty, differences in economic,
political, and social contexts between the developed and developing worlds
deeply affect the potential and limits of the microenterprise strategy for the
United States."); Talen et al., supra note 8, at 338 (concluding that the best
practices developed by microlenders overseas are of little use in the U.S.);
Taub, supra note 61, at 2 (discussing whether transferability can encompass the
"particular activities or practices, or the principles of the effort").





n378.  And of core dreams and myths - of greater economic security for women,
for example.





n379.  I should note here that I use the term hybridity quite differently from
the use of that term by postcolonialist scholars. In a section entitled
"Hybridity," The Post-Colonial Studies Reader states:



   Most post-colonial writing has concerned itself with the hybridized nature of
post-colonial culture as a strength rather than a weakness. Such writing focuses
on the fact that the transaction of the post-colonial world is not a one-way
process in which oppression obliterates the oppressed or the colonizer silences
the colonized in absolute terms. In practice it rather stresses the mutuality of
the process. It lays emphasis on the survival even under the most potent
oppression of the distinctive aspects of the culture of the oppressed, and shows
how these become an integral part of the new formations which arise from the
clash of cultures characteristic of imperialism. Finally, it emphasizes how
hybridity and the power it releases may well be seen to be the characteristic
feature and contribution of the post-colonial, allowing a means of evading the
replication of the binary categories of the past and developing new
anti-monolithic models of cultural exchange and growth.

 The Post-Colonial Studies Reader 183 (Bill Ashcroft et al. eds., 1995). In this
Article, I do not take such a hopeful view. Instead, I suggest that the
hybridity that has resulted here has particular characteristics that replicate
the more "monolithic" examples of cultural exchange that more recent development
efforts hope to avoid.





n380.  Yunus, supra note 36, at 16 (describing his experience in the U.S., where
he earned his Ph.D).





n381.  Id. at 110. Approximately 85% of Bangladeshis are Muslim, though at least
one study has concluded that many Bangladeshi Muslims may not be orthodox.
Bornstein, supra note 9, at 161. The Bank's founder counters this argument as
follows: "Many Islamic scholars have also told us that the Shariah [Islamic
legal code] ban on the charging of interest cannot apply to Grameen, since the
Grameen borrower is also an owner of the bank." Yunus, supra note 36, at 110.
See also Bornstein, supra note 9, at 142 ("The Islamic injunction against
interest was, in real terms, a fantasy. Everyone knew that well-to-do villagers
who made a grand show of piety often doubled as moneylenders."); id. at 161
(describing the far less orthodox behavior of most Bangladeshi Muslims compared
to Muslims in Saudi Arabia). While many countries with Muslim majorities have
ignored this prohibition, see Ross Cranston, Credit, Security and Debt Recovery:
Law's Role in Reform in Asia and the Pacific, 39 St. Louis U. L.J. 759, 776
(1995), my point here is to question the level of cultural comfort with this
program rather than to raise a legal challenge.





n382.  Bornstein, supra note 9, at 143; Rahman, supra note 15, at 68; Yunus,
supra note 36, at 111 ("To succeed in Bangladesh, in many ways we have had to
struggle against our culture... Grameen actively discourages the practice of
dowry payments and the overly rigid interpretations of purdah."). All three,
however, say that the practice of purdah is less strictly followed by poor women
because they cannot afford to avoid working outside of the home.





n383.  See, as examples, his findings, based on his conversations with women
villagers, in which they reproached him for his questions about how they used
the loan money, on the ground that he, as a native researcher, should have known
that it was not "women's work" to handle money. Rahman, supra note 15, at 111.





n384.  Yunus, supra note 36, at 107-10.





n385.  See supra notes 42-44 and accompanying text. For an anthropological
perspective on RCAs, see generally Shirley Ardener & Sandra Burman,
Money-Go-Rounds: The Importance of Rotating Savings and Credit Associations for
Women (1995). For a broader anthropological and legal discussion of informal
market participation, see generally Rosemary Coombe, The Cultural Life Of
Things: Anthropological Approaches To Law And Society In Conditions Of
Globalization, 10 Am. U. J. Int'l L. & Pol'y 791 (1995).





n386.  See Cao, supra note 5, at 921-22 ("Although state-subsidized entities,
such as community development banks, may succeed in emulating some of the
benefits of rotating credit associations, the very involvement of the state
itself may result in a distortion of the particular mix of community,
informality, and flexibility that gives such entities their greatest comparative
advantage.").





n387.  See id. at 874-85 (describing how RCAs function).





n388.  See id. at 907 ("While formal institutional lending operates on the
premise that lenders and borrowers are disaggregated entities likely resulting
in high transaction costs for lenders, [RCAs] work only if "lenders and
borrowers' constitute a single entity with convergent commitments.").
Importantly, Cao notes that it is this "aggregation of interests" that "produces
an institutional structure that acts as a disincentive against defection or
default and also against abuse...by the group against its individual members."
Id. at 908 (emphasis added). If Professor Cao is right, then this indigenous
limit on group pressure is also lost in the Grameen Bank's institutionalization.





n389.  Id. at 882-84; Taub, supra note 61, at 6-7 (describing the Good Faith
Fund's experience in Arkansas, where the peer lending approach, tried in a
community without "strong preexisting social ties," failed).





n390.  Professor Cao discusses this fact in detail, and uses it as a basis for
advocating that courts enforce the private rules established by RCAs. See Cao,
supra note 5, at 882, 892-917.

   My contention about the rigidity of the Bank's rules is disputed by the Bank.
The founder, for example, claims that "with each passing year the borrowers
assume more responsibilities for the management of their own affairs" and
develop "more innovative approaches to preventing and solving problems." Yunus,
supra note 36, at 66.





n391.  Professor Cao suggests that this is precisely the reason that RCAs are
here to stay. While community development banks, for example, are "too
institutionalized and too formal" to have developed a "systematic
self-sustaining methodology," RCAs are "completely self-sustaining and
self-funding." Cao, supra note 5, at 920-21.





n392.  See id. at 905-06. These important differences underlie the RCAs' truer
indigenousness, contrasted with the Grameen Bank's institutionalized
indigenousness. Thus, the RCAs likely do have the advantage noted by Professor
Cao of protecting and maintaining local markets. Id. at 906-07.





n393.  See supra note 339 and accompanying text.





n394.  See supra note 370 and accompanying text. Furthermore, even if these
directives were entirely indigenous, their imposition in the context of a
financial transaction is, of course, not.





n395.  Kenneth Anderson suggests this possibility by asking whether microcredit
might "run the risk of distorting local capital and credit markets
in...damaging, and often unanticipated, ways." Anderson, supra note 35, at 95.
Anderson, however, appears to conclude that, in many places where microcredit
programs operate, there really is no market for "commercial capital," thereby
reducing this risk. Id. at 96. In my view, Anderson's focus on commercial
capital is too narrow.





n396.  There is a vibrant discussion among scholars and practitioners who work
with the poor in the U.S. about how best to ensure political and social
empowerment through development efforts. For examples of this discourse, see
generally Cummings, supra note 54; McFarlane, supra note 1, at 298, 301, 306.





n397.  In the context of importation, of course, the Grameen Bank's
institutionalization of indigenous norms is only the first in a series. As U.S.
microlenders have begun to import the Grameen Bank model, further
institutionalizations have occurred, analogies have been drawn, and
reinterpretations of aspects of the model have been made. One example is the
transformation of the solidarity circle from a guarantee relationship based on
cultural notions of shame into a forum for business discussions and training.





n398.  Indeed, that is the point of Parts IV.A. and IV.B., supra.





n399.  See supra notes 113-120 and accompanying text; see also Talen et al.,
supra note 8, at 334-35 (describing as a "breakthrough" the
"institutionalization" and "formalization of microfinance" overseas, where
"nonprofit microfinance institutions are transforming themselves into
commercial, regulated banks or finance companies").





n400.  Indeed, Audrey McFarlane has argued that the very notion of development
is a "conservative principle" that "prioritizes or addresses social problems
only to the extent the problem can be transformed into one with an exchange
value and thereby exhibits the potential for private profit." McFarlane, supra
note 1, at 300.





n401.  Here, I am referring to both the Grameen Bank and U.S. microlenders as
Western lenders and to both Grameen borrowers and U.S. micro-borrowers
(especially, perhaps, those of a different race or ethnicity) as Eastern
borrowers.





n402.  See supra notes 259-256 and accompanying text.





n403.  See Trubek & Galanter, supra note 293, at 1070-80. Hernando De Soto may
have most effectively captured the Western origin of economic formalization when
he spoke of accessing the "mystery of capital" that had been such a critical
part of the success of Western capitalist societies. De Soto, supra note 295, at
39-68.





n404.  See discussion supra Part IV.A.





n405.  See discussion supra Parts III.B.1, IV.B.





n406.  Unfortunately, sorting through the consequences of hybridization could be
quite challenging. If the model were truly indigenous to the West, perhaps it
would have worked better here (though the independent problems of market failure
and formalization suggest otherwise). But the model is a hybrid, and one that
has in fact been altered to fit local conditions in the U.S. Thus a diagnosis of
its failure in any given location will have to inquire into whether the failure
is a result of a lack of indigenousness, a faulty adaptation, or entirely
different flaws. I am indebted to Dan Danielsen for raising this set of issues.





n407.  In other words, if informality and indigenousness are simply devices in
the service of non-indigenous goals, at the very least, we should examine
whether the same concerns expressed by Trubek and Galanter are also applicable
to the Grameen Bank model. See Trubek & Galanter, supra note 293, at 1080-93
(listing as causes of the crisis in Law and Development the "ethnocentric and
naive aspects of the model," its possible irrelevance, its non-neutrality,
doubts about universality, skepticism about policy motives, and a "loss of
faith" in legal liberalism, among others). As I discuss in the following
section, it should be useful to the CED movement to review these concerns
carefully.





n408.  Indeed, Audrey McFarlane emphasizes the importance of looking beyond each
inner city to the entire city. McFarlane, supra note 1, at 327. Adding to the
complication of translation is the notion of the "global city," where there may
in fact be immigrants from cultures that may have used traditional RCAs. For
discussions of the global city, see generally Peter Marcuse & Ronald D. van
Kempen, Globalizing Cities: A New Spatial Order? (2000); Saskia Sassen, The
Global City: New York, London, Tokyo (1991).





n409.  This is not completely uncharted territory. Some scholars have already
begun to discuss development in a more comparative sense. See, e.g., Cao, supra
note 5, at 850-51 (discussing the similarity of the vicious cycle of poverty in
undeveloped urban areas in the U.S. and in developing countries); McFarlane,
supra note 1, at 303 (comparing development in poor communities in the U.S. with
international development efforts). These discussions typically make more
general references to similarities in development strategies rather than
comparing such strategies in depth.





n410.  See Trubek & Galanter, supra note 293, at 1090 (describing how "empirical
knowledge of the third world" created a "glaring discrepancy between their
implicit models and the reality they confronted").





n411.  See, e.g., Int'l Labour Office Geneva, World Labour Report: Industrial
Relations, Democracy, and Social Stability 1997-98, 37-44 (1997) (describing
globalization as the "worldwide wave of liberalization of trade, investment and
capital flows and the consequent growing importance of these flows and of
international competition in the world economy."); Lan Cao, The Transnational
And Sub-National In Global Crimes, 22 Berkeley J. Int'l L. 59, 59 (2004) ("At
the heart of the globalization debate lies the market and its relationship to
the nation state. Due to globalization, markets and other non-state entities are
increasingly important actors in the political and economic orders."); Jane E.
Larson, Prostitution, Labor, And Human Rights, 37 U.C. Davis L. Rev. 673, 694
(2004) ("The popular understanding of globalization emphasizes its economic
impact, literally translating globalization as the worldwide ascendancy and
intensification of capitalism."); see also Raghuram G. Rajan & Luigi Zingales,
Saving Capitalism from the Capitalists: Unleashing the Power of Financial
Markets to Create Wealth and Spread Opportunity 129-200 (2003).





n412.  Among other reasons, this lens seems as appropriate to this endeavor as,
for example, an evaluation of the success of the Grameen Bank's model in
Bangladesh. Specifically, no one would question that the rural women of
Bangladesh are exactly the type of "indigenous" population whose viewpoint a
post-colonial lens might serve to elucidate, or that such a lens would provide
valuable information about the workability of a particular development effort.
Although some might resist the notion that a post-colonial lens would be
similarly useful as applied to inner city populations, there is strong
theoretical support for such an application. See, e.g., Gayatri Chakrovorty
Spivak, Outside in the Teaching Machine 63 (1993) (describing the post-colonial
inquiry as "a vigilance for systemic appropriations of the unacknowledged social
production of a differential that is one basis of exchange into the networks of
the cultural politics of class-or gender-identification."); Chandra Talpade
Mohanty, Cartographies of Struggle: Third World Women and the Politics of
Feminism, in Third World Women And The Politics Of Feminism 1, 3-7 (Chandra
Talpade Mohanty et al. eds., 1991) (defining "third world women" as a socially
constructed category that locates people in terms of "underdevelopment,
oppressive traditions, high illiteracy, rural and urban poverty" and so on).





n413.  For examples of these discussions, see generally Bob Hodge & Vijay
Mishra, The Dark Side of the Dream (1991); Minh-ha, supra note 365, at 185-99;
Werner Sollors, Beyond Ethnicity: Consent And Descent In American Culture
(1986); Aboriginal Writing Today, (Jack Davis and Bob Hodge eds., 1985); Gareth
Griffiths, The Myth of Authenticity: Representation, Discourse, and Social
Practice, in De-scribing Empire; Post-Colonialism and Textuality 70 (Chris
Tiffin & Alan Lawson eds., 1994).





n414.  See supra note 379 and accompanying text.





n415.  In addition, I mean to suggest that the lessons that the Western
development community can learn from its experiences with the Grameen Bank model
are lessons about globalization. In important respects, globalization redefines
the "local" as well as, of course, the global. As the technologies of
globalization facilitate transferability, development thinkers must dig deeper,
and dig differently, in order to understand how best to answer the needs of
those who are marginalized by the effects of globalization.





n416.  See, e.g., Barbara P. Thomas, Politics, Participation and Poverty:
Development Through Self-Help in Kenya 1 (1985).





n417.  Austin describes street vending as a "microcosm of black
entrepreneurship" and states that it "presents an opportunity and a site where
ordinary, everyday black people, whether sellers or consumers, can engage in the
political struggle to build a more viable black public sphere and actually
experience firsthand the results of their labor." Austin, "An Honest Living",
supra note 144, at 2131. See also Coombe, supra note 385, at 804-09 (describing
the constitution of cultures, as partially influenced by the law, of Songhay
migrants engaged in informal street vending in New York); Sassen, supra note
144, at 2296 (describing how "a growing range of products and services, from
low-cost furniture made in basements to "gypsy cabs' and family day care, is
available to meet the demand of the growing low-income population"); Talen et
al., supra note 8, at 334 (noting that, although there is a "vibrant informal
economy in the United States," "not enough is known about its presence, size, or
characteristics" and further noting the differences of opinion about whether
participants in the informal economy would be "willing and viable microfinance
customers").





n418.  Austin, "An Honest Living", supra note 144, at 2120.





n419.  Johnson, supra note 1, at 45 ("Most community economic development
remedies for poor women advocate creating entrepreneurs. Women do not want that.
They want jobs, they want to use their creativity, and they do not want to be
working sixteen to twenty hours a day and still be poor."); see also Lewis,
supra note 61, at 296; Morin, supra note 5, at 145.





n420.  This more organic form of business development might even be more likely
to account for differences in location, ethnicity, and skill levels, thus
leading to a successful businesses overall.





n421.  Austin and others have suggested doing just that. In specific, Austin
writes:



   Black street vendors by and large could use the benefits and protection
accorded legal businesses, though they and their customers may not be able to
afford the costs of legality. Expanding the extent of legal vending would
strengthen the hand of black vendors fighting police harassment. With a measure
of security, they might be able to pursue opportunities to expand or to invest
time and resources in professional development. Black vendors should be
supported in such endeavors.

 Austin, "An Honest Living", supra note 144, at 2130. See also Jones, supra note
8, at 224 ("[A] strategy for simplifying the regulatory small business maze
might be to organize the microbusiness community and transform the law that
impedes microbusiness development."). But see McFarlane, supra note 1, at 321-26
(suggesting that such an attempt was made in the U.S. in the context of
enterprise zones, but has never really proven successful).





n422.  See Anderson, supra note 35, at 114-20. A number of the more recent calls
for reform have prescribed larger or industry-wide development lending in which
micro, small and medium-sized loans are made by affiliated institutions, as well
as job training rather than self-employment. See, e.g., Peter Pitegoff, Child
Care Enterprise, Community Development, and Work, 81 Geo. L.J. 1897, 1917,
1929-30 (1993); Talen et al., supra note 8, at 347-49; Taub, supra note 61, at
8-9.





n423.  See, e.g., Talen et al., supra note 8, at 341 (noting that an "additional
barrier to market entry is the tight competition in highly integrated U.S.
consumer markets," including major national chains such as Wal-Mart and large
regional supermarket chains). Others have suggested that we consider development
approaches that do not solely target the "developed." See, e.g., McFarlane,
supra note 1, at 304 (discussing the importance of considering the structural
forces beyond the inner city that contribute to its marginality).





n424.  Others have suggested zoning as part of the solution in developing the
informal (or formal) economy in the U.S. See, e.g., Sassen, supra note 144, at
2302.





n425.  Here, I am thinking of regulations not unlike import substitution, which,
though they may have failed at the level of national policy, may nonetheless be
appropriate at the neighborhood level. Professor Simon discusses this intriguing
connection between import substitution and community economic development. See
Simon, supra note 5, at 95-101. Moreover, researchers studying the success of
microcredit in developing countries have just begun to draw a very logical
conclusion: that the much larger market demand for locally produced goods is the
result of the import substitution policies in those countries. Talen et al.,
supra note 8, at 336.





n426.  See David Ellerman & Peter Pitegoff, The Democratic Corporation: The New
Worker Cooperative Statute in Massachusetts, 11 N.Y.U. Rev. L. & Soc. Change
441, 441-42 (1983); Jones, supra note 8, at 232-34. If this is, indeed, the
solution, then clinics such as those supervised by Professor Jones will have
contributed greatly to our collective enterprise.


                              110 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 24, 2015 Tuesday

Rural Development Regulations-Update to FmHA References and to Census References

LENGTH: 61764  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register, Government of USA has issued the following news
release:


Action

Direct Final Rule.
Summary

Rural Development (RD) is amending its regulations by updating references to the
Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) and clarifying and updating references to the
census data. These actions will provide consistency in terminology between
program regulations. In addition, clarifying and updating references to census
data is needed to account for changes to the decennial Census, which, starting
with the 2010 decennial Census is no longer reporting income and unemployment
data. Additional revisions are being implemented to show the regulations that do
not apply to the Farm Service Agency (FSA) and to remove outdated or unnecessary
language.
Unified Agenda
Allocation Formulas

3 actions from August 3rd, 2000 to August 2003

August 3rd, 2000
        NPRM
        65 FR 47695
    October 2nd, 2000
        NPRM Comment Period End
    August 2003
        Final Action


Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Classification
    Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance
    Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs
    Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform
    Environmental Impact Statement
    Unfunded Mandates Reform Act
    Regulatory Flexibility Act
    Executive Order 13132, Federalism
    Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments
    Paperwork Reduction Act
    E-Government Act Compliance
    I. Background and Discussion
    II. Discussion of Changes
    A. Farmers Home Administration (FmHA)
    B. Census References
    C. FSA Related Changes
    D. Outdated and/or Unnecessary Text in Those Parts and Subparts That Contain
Either Reference to Census Bureau or FmHA
    E. Other
    List of Subjects
    CHAPTER XVII--RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
    PART 1709--ASSISTANCE TO HIGH ENERGY COST COMMUNITIES
    Subpart B--RUS High Energy Cost Grant Program
    Subpart C--Bulk Fuel Revolving Fund Grant Program
    PART 1714--PRE-LOAN POLICIES AND PROCEDURES FOR INSURED ELECTRIC LOANS
    Subpart A--General
    PART 1735--GENERAL POLICIES, TYPES OF LOANS, LOAN
REQUIREMENTS-TELECOMMUNICATIONS PROGRAM
    Subpart A--General
    Subpart B--Loan Purposes and Basic Policies
    PART 1737--PRE-LOAN POLICIES AND PROCEDURES COMMON TO INSURED AND GUARANTEED
TELECOMMUNICATIONS LOANS
    PART 1738--RURAL BROADBAND ACCESS LOANS AND LOAN GUARANTEES
    Subpart A--General
    PART 1739--BROADBAND GRANT PROGRAM
    PART 1740--PUBLIC TELEVISION STATION DIGITAL TRANSITION GRANT PROGRAM
    Subpart A--Public Televsion Station Digital Transition Grant Program
    PART 1774--SPECIAL EVALUATION ASSISTANCE FOR RURAL COMMUNITIES AND
HOUSEHOLDS PROGRAM
    Subpart A--General Provisions
    PART 1775--TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE GRANTS
    Subpart A--General Provisions
    PART 1776--HOUSEHOLD WATER WELL SYSTEM GRANT PROGRAM
    Subpart A--General
    PART 1777--SECTION 306C WWD LOANS AND GRANTS
    PART 1778--EMERGENCY AND IMMINENT COMMUNITY WATER ASSISTANCE GRANTS
    PART 1779--WATER AND WASTE DISPOSAL PROGRAMS GUARANTEED LOANS
    PART 1780--WATER AND WASTE LOANS AND GRANTS
    Subpart A--General Policies and Requirements
    Subpart B--Loan and Grant Application Processing
    PART 1781--RESOURCE CONSERVATION AND DEVELOPMENT (RCD) LOANS AND WATERSHED
(WS) LOANS AND ADVANCES
    PART 1783--REVOLVING FUNDS FOR FINANCING WATER AND WASTEWATER PROJECTS
(REVOLVING FUND PROGRAM)
    Subpart A--General
    CHAPTER XVIII--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE,
RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE, AND FARM SERVICE AGENCY, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
    PART 1806--INSURANCE
    Subpart A--Real Property Insurance
    Subpart B--National Flood Insurance
    PART 1810--INTEREST RATES, TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND APPROVAL AUTHORITY
    Subpart A--Interest Rates, Amortization, Guarantee Fee, Annual Charge, and
Fixed Period
    PART 1822--Rural Housing Loans and Grants
    Subpart G--Rural Housing Site Loan Policies, Procedures, and Authorizations
    PART 1900--GENERAL
    Subpart C--Applicability of Federal Law
    Subpart D--Processing and Servicing Rural Development Assistance to
Employees, Relatives, and Associates
    PART 1901--PROGRAM-RELATED INSTRUCTIONS
    Subpart K--Certificates of Beneficial Ownership and Insured Notes
    PART 1902--SUPERVISED BANK ACCOUNTS
    Subpart A--Supervised Bank Accounts of Loan, Grant, and Other Funds
    PART 1910--GENERAL
    Subpart B--Credit Reports
    Subpart C--Commercial Credit Reports
    PART 1924--CONSTRUCTION AND REPAIR
    Subpart A--Planning and Performing Construction and Other Development
    Exhibit B to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit C to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit D to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit H to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit I to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit K to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit L to Subpart A [Amended]
    Subpart C--Planning and Performing Site Development Work
    Subpart F--Complaints and Compensation for Construction Defects
    PART 1925--TAXES
    Subpart C--Planning and Performing Site Development Work
    PART 1927--TITLE CLEARANCE AND LOAN CLOSING
    Subpart B--Real Estate Title Clearance and Loan Closing
    PART 1940--GENERAL
    Subpart I--Truth in Lending-Real Estate Settlement Procedures
    Subpart L--Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program
Funds
    Subpart T--System for Delivery of Certain Rural Development Programs
    PART 1942--ASSOCIATIONS
    Subpart A--Community Facility Loan
    Subpart C--Fire and Rescue and Other Small Community Facilities Projects
    Subpart G--Rural Business Enterprise Grants and Television Demonstration
Grants
    PART 1944--HOUSING
    Subpart B--Housing Application Packaging Grants
    Subpart I--Self-Help Technical Assistance Grants
    Subpart K--Technical and Supervisory Assistance Grants
    Subpart N--Housing Preservation Grants
    PART 1948--RURAL DEVELOPMENT
    Subpart B--Section 601 Energy Impacted Area Development Assistance
    PART 1950--GENERAL
    Subpart C--Servicing Accounts of Borrowers Entering the Armed Forces
    PART 1951--SERVICING AND COLLECTIONS
    Subpart A--Account Servicing Policies
    Exhibit A to Subpart A of Part 1951--Notice to Agency Borrowers
    Subpart D--Final Payment of Loans
    Subpart E--Servicing of Community and Direct Business Programs Loans and
Grants
    Subpart F--Analyzing Credit Needs and Graduation of Borrowers
    Exhibit B to Subpart F [Amended]
    Subpart R--Rural Development Loan Servicing
    PART 1955--PROPERTY MANAGEMENT
    Subpart A--Liquidation of Loans Secured by Real Estate and Acquisition of
Real and Chattel Property
    Subpart B--Management of Property
    Exhibit A to Subpart B of Part 1955--Memorandum of Understanding Between the
Federal Emergency Management Agency and Rural Development
    Subpart C--Disposal of Inventory Property
    PART 1956--DEBT SETTLEMENT
    Subpart C--Debt Settlement--Community and Business Programs
    PART 1957--ASSET SALES
    Subpart A--Rural Housing Asset Sales
    PART 1962--PERSONAL PROPERTY
    Subpart A--Servicing and Liquidation of Chattel Security
    PART 1980--GENERAL
    Subpart E--Business and Industrial Loan Program
    Appendices A and B to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Removed and Reserved]
    Appendix D to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended]
    Appendix E to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended]
    Appendix F to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Removed and Reserved]
    Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended]
    Exhibit G to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended]
    CHAPTER XXXV--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
    PART 3550--DIRECT SINGLE FAMILY HOUSING LOANS AND GRANTS
    Subpart C--Section 504 Origination and Section 306C Water and Waste Disposal
Grants
    PART 3560--DIRECT MULTI-FAMILY HOUSING LOANS AND GRANTS
    Subpart A--General Provisions and Definitions
    Subpart B--Direct Loan and Grant Origination
    PART 3570--COMMUNITY PROGRAMS
    PART 3575--GENERAL
    Subpart A--Community Programs Guaranteed Loans
    CHAPTER XLII--RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE AND RURAL UTILITIES
SERVICE, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
    PART 4274--DIRECT AND INSURED LOANMAKING
    PART 4279--GUARANTEED LOANMAKING
    Subpart A--General
    PART 4280--LOANS AND GRANTS
    Subpart A--Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program
    Subpart B--Rural Energy for America Program General
    Subpart D--Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program
    PART 4284--GRANTS
    Subpart A--General Requirements for Cooperative Service Grant Programs
    Subpart G--Rural Business Opportunity Grants
    PART 4288--PAYMENT PROGRAMS
    Subpart A--Repowering Assistance Payments to Eligible Biorefineries
    PART 4290--RURAL BUSINESS INVESTMENT COMPANY ("RBIC") PROGRAM
    Subpart B--Definition of Terms Used in Part 4290

DATES: Back to Top

This rule will become effective April 27, 2015 without further action unless the
Agency receives significant written adverse comments or written notices of
intent to submit adverse comments on or before March 26, 2015. If the Agency
receives significant adverse comments or notices, the Agency will publish a
timely notice in the Federal Register withdrawing those provisions on which
adverse comment were received.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

You may submit adverse comments or notice of intent to submit adverse comments
to this rule by any of the following methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the instructions
for submitting comments.
    Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service to the Branch
Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0742.

    Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal Express Mail, or
other courier service requiring a street address, to the Branch Chief,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 300
7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Washington, DC 20024.

All written comments will be available for public inspection during regular work
hours at the 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor address listed above.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Kenneth Meardon, Policy Advisor, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, STOP 3201, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,
DC 20250-3225; email: ken.meardon@wdc.usda.gov; telephone (202) 260-8296.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

Classification Back to Top

This rule has been determined to be not significant for purposes of Executive
Order 12866 and has not been reviewed by the Office of Management and Budget.
Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Back to Top

RD's programs affected by this rulemaking are shown in the Catalog of Federal
Domestic Assistance (CFDA) with numbers as indicated:

10.350--Technical Assistance to Cooperatives

10.352--Value-Added Producer Grants (4284)

10.405--Farm Labor Housing Loans and Grants (3560)

10.410--Very Low to Moderate Income Housing Loans (Section 502 Rural Housing
Loans) (3550)

10.415--Rural Rental Housing Loans

10.420--Rural Self-Help Technical Assistance

10.427--Rural Rental Assistance Payments (3560)

10.433--Rural Housing Preservation Grants

10.438--Rural Rental Housing Program--Guaranteed Loans

10.441--Technical and Supervisory Assistance Grants

10.448--Rural Housing Service Multi-Family Housing Rural Housing Voucher
Demonstration Program (3560)

10.759--Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households
Program (SEARCH) (1774)

10.760--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities (1779, 1780)

10.761--Technical Assistance and Training Grants (1775)

10.762--Solid Waste Management Grants (1775)

10.763--Emergency Community Water Assistance Grants (1778)

10.766--Community Facilities Loans and Grants (3570, 3575)

10.767--Intermediary Relending Program (4274)

10.768--Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program (4279)

10.769--Rural Business Enterprise Grant Program

10.770--Water and Waste Disposal Loans and Grants (Section 306C) (1777)

10.771--Rural Cooperative Development Grants

10.773--Rural Business Opportunity Grant Program

10.781--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities--ARRA (1780)

10.782--Appropriate Technology Transfer for Rural Areas (4284)

10.850--Rural Electrification Loans and Loan Guarantees (1714)

10.851--Rural Telephone Loans and Loan Guarantees (1735)

10.854--Rural Economic Development Loans and Grants (4280)

10.857--State Bulk Fuel Revolving Fund Grants

10.858--RUS Denali Commission Grants and Loans

10.859--Assistance to High Energy Cost--Rural Communities (1709)

10.860--Rural Business Investment Program (4290)

10.861--Public Television Station Digital Transition Grant Program (1740)

10.862--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities (1776)

10.863--Community Connect Grant Program (1739)

10-864--Grant Program to Estabish a Fund for Financing Water and Wastewater
Projects (1783)

10.865--Biorefinery Assistance (4279)

10.866--Repowering Assistance Program (4288)

10.867--Bioenergy Program for Advanced Biofuels (4288)

10.868--Rural Energy for America Program (4280)

10.870--Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program

10.871--Small Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grants (4284)

10.886--Rural Broadband Access Loans and Loan Guarantees (1738)

All active CFDA programs can be found at www.cfda.gov under "Department of
Agriculture, Rural Development." Programs not listed in this section or not
listed on the CFDA Web site but are still being serviced by RD will nevertheless
be covered by the requirements of this action.
Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs Back to Top

This action is not subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372, which
requires intergovernmental consultation with State and local officials.
Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform Back to Top

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform.
RD has determined that this rule meets the applicable standards provided in
section 3 of the Executive Order. Additionally, (1) all state and local laws and
regulations that are in conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2) no
retroactive effect will be given to the rule; and (3) administrative appeal
procedures, if any, must be exhausted before litigation against the Department
or its agencies may be initiated, in accordance with the regulations of the
National Appeals Division of USDA at 7 CFR part 11.
Environmental Impact Statement Back to Top

This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." RD has determined that this action does not constitute
a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the human
environment and, in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA)
of 1969, 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact Statement is not
required.
Unfunded Mandates Reform Act Back to Top

This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory provisions of Title
II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995) for State, local, and Tribal
governments or the private sector. Thus, this rule is not subject to the
requirements of sections 202 and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of
1995.
Regulatory Flexibility Act Back to Top

Under section 605(b) of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C. 605(b), RD
certifies that this rule will not have a significant economic impact on a
substantial number of small entities because the action will not affect a
significant number of small entities as defined by the Regulatory Flexibility
Act (5 U.S.C. 501). RBS made this determination based on the fact that this
action only impacts internal Agency procedures for determining how much of
available program funds are allocated to each state. Small entities will not be
impacted to a greater extent than large entities.
Executive Order 13132, Federalism Back to Top

The policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial direct effect on
states, on the relationship between the national government and the states, or
on the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on
state and local governments. Therefore, consultation with states is not
required.
Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments Back to Top

This executive order imposes requirements on RD in the development of regulatory
policies that have Tribal implications or preempt tribal laws. RD has determined
that the rule does not, to our knowledge, have a substantial direct effect on
one or more Indian Tribe(s) or on either the relationship or the distribution of
powers and responsibilities between the Federal Government and Indian Tribes.
Thus, this rule is not subject to the requirements of Executive Order 13175. If
a Tribe determines that this rule has implications of which RD is not aware and
would like to engage with RD on this rule, please contact RD's Native American
Coordinator at (202) 690-1681 or AIAN@wdc.usda.gov
Paperwork Reduction Act Back to Top

There are no reporting and recordkeeping requirements associated with this rule.

E-Government Act Compliance Back to Top

RD is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to promote the use of
the Internet and other information technologies, to provide increased
opportunities for citizens to access Government information and services
electronically.
I. Background and Discussion Back to Top

RD is amending numerous RD regulations in two broad areas--references to the
Farmners Home Administration and references to Bureau of Census data. For those
RD regulations affected by these two areas, RD is also making several additional
changes by updating the text with regard to applicability of the regulations to
the FSA; removing or updating outdated text, as applicable; and removing
unnecessary text.
II. Discussion of Changes Back to Top
A. Farmers Home Administration (FmHA)

Many RD regulations still contain references to the Farmers Home Administration,
or FmHA, which was the predecessor agency to both RD and FSA.

FmHA references most frequently encountered in RD regulations are in reference
to forms, instructions, and addresses. RD is either removing references that are
no longer necessary or updating the FmHA references to reflect the appropriate
entity, as applicable. New references will be to RD, Agency, to the specific RD
agency (Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Rural Housing Service, Rural
Utilities Service), to the "government," or to the United States, depending on
the context of the regulation. Where necessary in individual RD regulations,
definitions have been changed or added to reflect the new reference(s).
B. Census References

Many RD regulations refer to census data as the source to be used for various
popluation-, income-, and unemployment-related data. RD is amending those
portions of its regulations that reference U.S. Bureau of Census (Census Bureau)
and its data primarily due to changes in the data being reported by the Census
Bureau in the decennial Census.

Other changes are being implemented to further consistency among RD programs in
referencing sources to be used for population-related data requirements and
provisions and to provide clarification of how provisions are implemented.
Finally, RD is removing outdated or unnecessary text.

The following paragraphs discuss these changes.

1. Census Bureau data. RD allocates the funding for a number of its programs
using formulas that rely on data supplied by the Census Bureau, frequently as
found in the decennial Census. Most RD regulations refer to this as "using the
latest census data available" or similar language.

Starting with the 2010 census, however, the Census Bureau no longer reports
income data in the decennial Census. Thus, RD needs to identify an alternative
source for income-related data.

After examining several alternative data sources, RD determined that income data
published by the Census Bureau in the American Community Survey (ACS), as found
in the 5-year survey component of the ACS, provides the best source of data for
estimates of state-level income and poverty data, even though such are no longer
being published in the decennial Census. RD is also aware that the data
contained in the ACS may not meet the needs of a specific program and that the
ACS may at some point in the future be replaced or discontinued. For these
reasons, RD is using "5-year income data from the American Community Survey
(ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data" to indicate the source of the
data to be used.

In some instances, RD regulations refer to using other data sources for
income-related data if the ACS or Census Bureau data are outdated. RD is
retaining that concept where it currently exists, but modifying the language to
address the revision noted in the preceding paragraph.

2. Consistency and clarification. As described below, RD is making several
changes to create consistency between the RD programs.

a. Whenever a regulation is directing the use of the decennial Census as the
data source, RD is using "the most recent decennial Census of the United States
(decennial Census)" consistently throughout the RD regulations. This change
brings consistency among the three RD agencies and their regulations.

b. RD regulations apply not only to what most people understand as the 50 states
of the United States, but also to the U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, Guam,
American Samoa, the Marshall Islands, etc. The decennial Census does not report
population for most of these territories. Some, but not all, of the RD
regulations clearly identify how population data are to be obtained for these
other areas. To make this consistent, RD is revising text to make clear in all
its regulations the data sources to be used. Specifically, if the decennial
Census does not provide the applicable population information, then RD will
determine the applicable population data based on available population data.
C. FSA Related Changes

When they were operating as the Farmers Home Adminstration, RD and FSA shared
many regulations. With RD and FSA now separate entities, many of the regulations
in 7 CFR no longer apply to FSA. Some of these regulations have already been
identified as no longer being applicable to FSA. There are a few regulations,
however, that still need to be identified as no being applicable to FSA and RD
is adding text to that effect. The regulations are: 7 CFR 1900 subpart A, 7 CFR
1902 subpart A, and 7 CFR 1910 subpart B.
D. Outdated and/or Unnecessary Text in Those Parts and Subparts That Contain
Either Reference to Census Bureau or FmHA

Once RD identified those CFR parts that need updating with regard to references
to FmHA and the Census Bureau, RD also identified a number of other outdated or
unnecessary material, and thus is revising such material. In brief, these
changes:

Remove reference to Rand McNally and Company as an alternative source of
population data (7 CFR 1735.2, 7 CFR 1737.2);
    Remove references to a Federal Communications Commission Web site and to a
Census Tiger Map (7 CFR 1740.8(b)(1)(i) and (c)(1);
    Remove a series of Agency forms from 7 CFR 1980, Subpart E and their
conforming references. Specifically, RD will no longer publish in the CFR RD
forms identified as: (1) Appendix A, (2) Appendix B, (3) Appendix F, (4)
Exhibits A through C to Appendix I to Subpart E of Part 1980, and (5) Exhibits A
through C to Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980. The applicable forms will
continue to be available in RD offices and through RD's Web site;
    Remove reference to the year 2000 as it currently modifies "Census block" in
7 CFR 1709(b);
    Remove the first paragraph in the definition of Rural and rural area in 7
CFR 3575.1. This paragraph references Fiscal Year 1999 and is thus obsolete; and

    Update the reference to the Legislative Affairs and Public Information Staff
(LAPIS) with the Legislative and Public Affairs Staff (LAPAS) (7 CFR parts 1942,
1944, 1948, and 1980).

E. Other

For the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) program, RD is
modifying both the definition of Rural or rural area" (7 CFR 4280.3) and the
scoring criterion associated with the decline in population for the county where
the project is physically located (7 CFR 4280.42(b)(7)).

RD is modifying the definition of "Rural or rural area" for REDLG to make the
definition consistent with the definition for "rural or rural area" found in the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP), whose definition is more
comprehensive and consistent with other definitions with Rural
Business-Cooperative Service programs.

RD is modifying the identified scoring criterion by adding reference to making
the calculation using the an "equivalent time frame" in those instances where
data is used from a data source other than the decennial Census.
List of Subjects Back to Top
7 CFR Part 1709

Administrative practice and procedure
    Electric utilities
    Grant programs--energy
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1714

Electric power
    Loan programs--energy
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1735

Loan programs--communications
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Telephone

7 CFR Part 1737

Loan programs--communications
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1738

Broadband
    Loan programs--communications
    Rural areas
    Telecommunications
    Telephone

7 CFR Part 1739

Broadband
    Grant programs--Communications
    Rural areas
    Telecommunications
    Telephone

7 CFR Part 1740

Grant programs--Digital televisions; Communications
    Rural areas
    Television

7 CFR Part 1774

Community development
    Grant programs
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply

7 CFR Part 1775

Business and industry
    Community development
    Community facilities
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply
    Watersheds

7 CFR Part 1776

Agriculture
    Community development
    Community facilities
    Credit
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Nonprofit organizations
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water pollution control
    Water resources
    Water supply
    Watersheds

7 CFR Part 1777

Community development
    Community facilities
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply
    Watersheds

7 CFR Part 1778

Community development
    Community facilities
    Grant programs--Housing and Community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply
    Watersheds

7 CFR Part 1779

Loan programs--housing and community development
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply

7 CFR Part 1780

Community development
    Community facilities
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply
    Watersheds

7 CFR Part 1781

Community development
    Community facilities
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply
    Watersheds

7 CFR Part 1783

Business and industry
    Community development
    Community facilities
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply
    Watersheds

7 CFR Part 1806

Agriculture
    Flood insurance
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1810

Agriculture
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--Housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1822

Loan programs--Housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Nonprofit organizations
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1900

Administrative practice and procedure
    Authority delegations (Government agencies)
    Conflict of interests
    Government employees
    Grant programs--agriculture
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1901

Agriculture
    Civil rights
    Fair housing
    Grant programs--agriculture
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Grant programs--Indians
    Historic preservation
    Indians
    Intergovernmental relations
    Loan Programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Marital status discrimination
    Minimum wages
    Religious discrimination
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Sex discrimination

7 CFR Part 1902

Accounting; Banks
    banking; Grant programs--agriculture
    Grant programs--housing and community development; Loan
programs--agriculture; Loan programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements

7 CFR Part 1910

Agriculture
    Credit
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements

7 CFR Part 1924

Agriculture
    Administrative practice and procedures
    Claims
    Credit
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Housing Standards
    Loan programs-agriculture
    Low and moderate income housing
    Manufactured homes
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1925

Agriculture
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Rural areas
    Taxes

7 CFR Part 1927

Agriculture
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1940

Agriculture
    Environmental protection
    Flood plains
    Grant programs--agriculture
    Grant programs-housing and community development
    Loan programs-agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Truth in lending

7 CFR Part 1942

Business and industry
    Community facilities
    Fire prevention
    Grant programs--business
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Grant programs--Indians
    Indians
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs-housing and community development
    Loan programs--Indians
    Loan programs--natural resources
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply
    Watersheds

7 CFR Part 1944

Administrative practice and procedure
    Aged
    Cooperatives
    Fair housing
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Home improvement
    Individuals with disabilities
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Manufactured homes
    Migrant labor
    Rent subsidies
    Reporting requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1948

Coal
    Community facilities
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Uranium

7 CFR Part 1950

Accounting
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Military personnel
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1951

Accounting
    Claims
    Community facilities
    Credit
    Disaster assistance
    Government employees
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Housing
    Income taxes
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Wages

7 CFR Part 1955

Agriculture
    Drug traffic control
    Government property
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1956

Accounting
    Business and industry
    Claims
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1957

Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1962

Agriculture
    Bankruptcy
    Drug traffic control
    Government property
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1980

Agriculture
    Business and industry
    Community facilities
    Credit
    Disaster assistance
    Livestock
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--business
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 3550

Administrative practice and procedure
    Environmental impact statements
    Fair housing
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Housing
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Manufactured homes
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 3560

Accounting
    Administrative practice and procedure
    Aged
    Conflict of interests
    Government property management
    Grant programs--Housing and community development
    Insurance
    Loan programs--Agriculture
    Loan programs--Housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Migrant labor
    Mortgages
    Nonprofit organizations
    Public housing
    Rent subsidies
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 3570

Administrative practice and procedure
    Fair Housing
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    ousing
    Low and moderate income housing
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 3575

Loan programs--agriculture

7 CFR Part 4274

Community development
    Loan programs--business
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 4279

Loan programs--business
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 4280

Loan programs--Business and industry
    Economic development
    Energy
    Energy efficiency improvements
    Feasibility studies
    Grant programs
    Guaranteed loan programs
    Renewable energy systems
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 4284

Business and industry
    Community development
    Community facilities
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply

7 CFR Part 4288

Administrative practice and procedure
    Energy--advanced biofuel
    Renewable biomass
    Reporting and recordkeeping

7 CFR Part 4290

Community development
    Government securities
    Grant programs--business
    Securities
    Small businesses

For the reasons discussed above, Rural Development is amending chapters XVII,
XVIII, XXXV, and XLII of title 7, of the Code of Federal Regulations as follows
CHAPTER XVII--RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Back to Top
begin regulatory text
PART 1709--ASSISTANCE TO HIGH ENERGY COST COMMUNITIES Back to Top
end regulatory text

1.The authority citation for part 1709 continues to read as follows:
Authority: Back to Top

5 U.S.C. 301, 7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.
begin regulatory text
Subpart B--RUS High Energy Cost Grant Program Back to Top
§ 1709.107 [Amended]

2.Amend § 1709.107(b) by removing "2000 Census block" and adding "Census block
according to the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census)" in its place.

3.Revise § 1709.123(c)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1709.123 Evaluation criteria and weights.

* * * * *

(c) * * *

(2) Rurality. Priority consideration may be given to proposals that serve
smaller rural communities. Applications will be scored based on the population
of the largest incorporated cities, towns or villages or census designated
places included within the grant's proposed target area as determined using the
population figures from the most recent decennial Census. If the applicable
population figure cannot be based on the most recent decennial Census, RD will
determine the applicable population figure based on available population data.

* * * * *
Subpart C--Bulk Fuel Revolving Fund Grant Program Back to Top

4.Revise § 1709.210(c)(3) to read as follows:
§ 1709.210 Application process.

* * * * *

(c) * * *

(3) Assessment of needs and potential beneficiaries. The application must
provide estimates of the number, location and population of potentially eligible
areas in the State and their estimated fuel needs and costs. The section must
also describe the criteria used to identify eligible areas, including the
characteristics that make fuel deliveries by surface transport impossible or
impracticable. The description of beneficiary communities should provide a
detailed breakdown of the density profile of the area to be served by eligible
projects. Indicate to what extent persons in eligible areas live outside of
communities of 2,500 persons or more, communities of 5,000 or more or outside of
communities of 20,000 or more. All population estimates should be based on the
most recent decennial Census of the United States. If the applicable population
estimate cannot be based on the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine
the applicable population figure based on available population data. All
representations should be supported with exhibits such as maps, summary tables
and references to official information sources.

* * * * *
PART 1714--PRE-LOAN POLICIES AND PROCEDURES FOR INSURED ELECTRIC LOANS Back to
Top

5.The authority citation for part 1714 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.; 1921 et seq.; and 6941 et seq.
Subpart A--General Back to Top

6.Revise the second and third sentences in § 1714.5(d) to read as follows:
§ 1714.5 Determination of interest rates on municipal rate loans.

* * * * *

(d) * * * The method used to determine this rate is set forth in the regulations
of the Rural Housing Service at 7 CFR 1942.17(f)(1) and (4). Pursuant to the RUS
rule, the interest rates are set using as guidance the average of the Bond Buyer
Index for the four weeks prior to the first Friday of the last month before the
beginning of the quarter. * * *

7.Revise § 1714.7(b)(2)(i) and (ii) to read as follows:
§ 1714.7 Interest rate cap.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) * * *

(i) To qualify under the consumer income test, the borrower must include in its
loan application information about the location of its residential consumers.
The borrower must provide to RUS, based on the most recent data available at the
time of loan application, either the number of consumers in each county it
serves or the number of consumers in each census tract it serves. Using 5-year
income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census
Bureau data, RUS will compare, on a weighted average basis, the average per
capita and median household income of the counties or census tracts served by
the borrower with state figures.

(ii) If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does
not accurately represent the economic conditions of the borrower's consumers,
the reasons will be documented and the borrower may furnish, or RD may obtain,
additional information regarding such economic conditions. Information must
consist of reliable data from local, regional, State, or Federal sources or from
a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source. The Administrator has the
sole discretion to determine whether such data submitted by the borrower is
sufficient to determine whether the borrower qualifies under the consumer income
test.

* * * * *
PART 1735--GENERAL POLICIES, TYPES OF LOANS, LOAN
REQUIREMENTS-TELECOMMUNICATIONS PROGRAM Back to Top

8.The authority citation for part 1735 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 901 et seq., 1921 et seq., and 6941 et seq.
Subpart A--General Back to Top

9.In § 1735.2, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1735.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area means any area of the United States, its territories and insular
possessions (including any area within the Federated States of Micronesia, the
Republic of the Marshall Islands, and the Republic of Palau) not included within
the boundaries of any incorporated or unincorporated city, village or borough
having a population exceeding 5,000 inhabitants. The population figure is
obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data. For purposes of the "rural area" definition,
the character of an area is determined as of a time the initial loan for the
system is made.

* * * * *
Subpart B--Loan Purposes and Basic Policies Back to Top

10.Revise § 1735.10(g) to read as follows:
§ 1735.10 General.

* * * * *

(g) For the purpose of paragraph (a)(2) of this section, rural areas means any
area that is not located within a city, town, or incorporated area that has a
population of greater than 20,000 inhabitants or within an urbanized area
contiguous and adjacent to a city or town that has a population of greater than
50,000 inhabitants. For the purpose of the definition of rural area,

(1) The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census of
the United States (decennial Census). If the applicable population figure cannot
be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the
applicable population figure based on available population data; and

(2) An urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in the most
recent decennial Census.
PART 1737--PRE-LOAN POLICIES AND PROCEDURES COMMON TO INSURED AND GUARANTEED
TELECOMMUNICATIONS LOANS Back to Top

11.The authority citation for part 1737 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 901 et seq., 1921 et seq.; Pub. L. 103-354, 108 Stat. 3178 (7 U.S.C.
6941 et.seq.).

12.In § 1737.2, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1737.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area means any area of the United States, its territories and possessions
(including any area within the Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of
the Marshall Islands, and the Republic of Palau) not included within the
boundaries of any incorporated or unincorporated city, village or borough having
a population exceeding 5,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from
the most recent decennial Census of the United States. If the applicable
population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD
will determine the applicable population figure based on available population
data. For purposes of the "rural area" definition, the character of an area is
determined as of a time the initial loan for the system is made.

* * * * *
PART 1738--RURAL BROADBAND ACCESS LOANS AND LOAN GUARANTEES Back to Top

13.The authority citation for part 1738 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Pub. L. 107-171, 7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.
Subpart A--General Back to Top

14.In § 1738.2(a), revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1738.2 Definitions.

(a) * * *

Rural area means any area, as confirmed by the most recent decennial Census of
the United States (decennial Census), which is not located within:

(i) A city, town, or incorporated area that has a population of greater than
20,000 inhabitants; or

(ii) An urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to a city or town that has a
population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants. For purposes of the definition of
rural area, an urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in
the most recent decennial Census.

* * * * *
PART 1739--BROADBAND GRANT PROGRAM Back to Top

15.The authority citation for part 1739 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Title III, Pub. L. 108-199, 118 Stat. 3.

16.In § 1739.3, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1739.3 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area means any area, as confirmed by the most recent decennial Census of
the United States (decennial Census), which is not located within:

(1) A city, town, or incorporated area that has a population of greater than
20,000 inhabitants; or

(2) An urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to a city or town that has a
population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants. For purposes of the definition of
rural area, an urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in
the most recent decennial Census.

* * * * *
PART 1740--PUBLIC TELEVISION STATION DIGITAL TRANSITION GRANT PROGRAM Back to
Top

17.The authority citation for part 1740 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2005; Title III: Rural Development Programs;
Rural Utilities Service; Distance Learning, Telemedicine, and Broadband Program;
Pub. L. 108-447.
Subpart A--Public Televsion Station Digital Transition Grant Program Back to Top

§ 1740.8 [Amended]

18.Amend § 1740.8 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(1)(i), removing "http://www.fcc.gov/fcc-bin/audio/tvq.html"
and removing ", overlaid on a Census Tiger Map. The map also shows counties
covered" and

b. In paragraph (c)(1), removing the last sentence.
PART 1774--SPECIAL EVALUATION ASSISTANCE FOR RURAL COMMUNITIES AND HOUSEHOLDS
PROGRAM Back to Top

19.The authority citation for part 1774 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(2)(C).
Subpart A--General Provisions Back to Top

20.In § 1774.2, revise the definitions of "Financially distressed area" and "
Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1774.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Financially distressed area. An area is considered financially distressed if the
median household income of the area to be served is either below the poverty
line or below 80 percent of the statewide non-metropolitan median household
income according to the 5-year income data from the American Community Survey
(ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. If there is reason to believe
that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does not accurately represent the
median household income of the area to be served, the reasons will be documented
and the borrower may furnish, or RD may obtain, additional information regarding
such median household income data. Information must consist of reliable data
from local, regional, State or Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a
reliable impartial source.

* * * * *

Rural area. For the purposes of this SEARCH program, any area not in a city or
town with a population of 2,500 or fewer, according to the most recent decennial
Census of the United States (decennial Census). If the applicable population
figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD will
determine the applicable population figure based on available population data.

* * * * *
PART 1775--TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE GRANTS Back to Top

21.The authority citation for part 1775 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.
Subpart A--General Provisions Back to Top

22.In § 1775.2, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1775.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area. Any area not in a city or town with a population in excess of
10,000, according to the most recent decennial Census of the United States. If
the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent
decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure based on
available population data.

* * * * *
PART 1776--HOUSEHOLD WATER WELL SYSTEM GRANT PROGRAM Back to Top

23.The authority citation for part 1776 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1926e.
Subpart A--General Back to Top

24.In § 1776.3, revise the definition of "Eligible individual" to read as
follows:
§ 1776.3 Definitions.

* * * * *

Eligible individual means an individual who is a member of a household the
members of which have a combined income (for the most recent 12-month period for
which the information is available) that is not more than 100 percent of the
median nonmetropolitan household income for the State or territory in which the
individual resides, according to 5-year income data from the American Community
Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. If there is reason to
believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does not accurately represent
the median nonmetropolitan household income for the State or territory in which
the individual resides, the reasons will be documented and the applicant may
furnish, or RD may obtain, additional information regarding such median
household income data. Information must consist of reliable data from local,
regional, State or Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a reliable
impartial source.

* * * * *
PART 1777--SECTION 306C WWD LOANS AND GRANTS Back to Top

25.The authority citation for part 1777 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.

26.In § 1777.4, revise the definition of "Rural areas" to read as follows:
§ 1777.4 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural areas. Includes unincorporated areas and any city or town with a
population not in excess of 10,000 inhabitants located in any of the 50 States,
the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Western Pacific Territories, Marshall
Islands, Federated States of Micronesia, Republic of Palau, and the U.S. Virgin
Islands. The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census
of the United States. If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained
from the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable
population figure based on available population data.

* * * * *

27.Revise § 1777.12(a)(1) to read as follows:
§ 1777.12 Eligibility.

(a) * * *

(1) Per capita income of the residents is not more than 70 percent of the most
recent national average per capita income, as determined by 5-year income data
from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data
does not accurately represent the per capita income of the residents, the
reasons will be documented and the borrower/applicant may furnish, or RD may
obtain, additional information regarding such per capita income data.
Information must consist of reliable data from local, regional, State or Federal
sources or from a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source, and

* * * * *
PART 1778--EMERGENCY AND IMMINENT COMMUNITY WATER ASSISTANCE GRANTS Back to Top

28.The authority citation for part 1778 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301, 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.

29.In § 1778.4, revise the definition of "Rural areas" to read as follows:
§ 1778.4 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural areas. Includes any area not in a city or town with a population in excess
of 10,000 inhabitants located in any of the fifty States, the Commonwealth of
Puerto Rico, the Western Pacific Territories, Marshall Islands, Federated States
of Micronesia, Republic of Palau, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. The population
figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States
(decennial Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from
the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population
figure based on available population data.

* * * * *

30.Revise § 1778.10(a)(1) and (2) to read as follows:
§ 1778.10 Restrictions.

(a) * * *

(1) Assist any city or town with a population in excess of 10,000 inhabitants.
The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census. If the
applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial
Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure based on available
population data. Facilities financed by RUS may be located in non-rural areas.
However, loan and grant funds may be used to finance only that portion of the
facility serving rural areas, regardless of facility location.

(2) Assist a rural area that has a median household income in excess of the
statewide nonmetropolitan median household income as determined by 5-year income
data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data
does not accurately represent the median household income of the rural area, the
reasons will be documented and the applicant may furnish, or RD may obtain,
additional information regarding such median household income data. Information
must consist of reliable data from local, regional, State or Federal sources or
from a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source.

* * * * *
§ 1778.13 [Amended]

31.Amend § 1778.13(b) by removing "decennial census of the United States" and
adding "decennical Census" in its place.
PART 1779--WATER AND WASTE DISPOSAL PROGRAMS GUARANTEED LOANS Back to Top

32.The authority citation for part 1779 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.

33.In § 1779.2, revise the definition of "Rural and rural area" to read as
follows:
§ 1779.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural and rural area. Any area not in a city or town with a population in excess
of 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from the most recent
decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census). If the applicable
population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD
will determine the applicable population figure based on available population
data.

* * * * *
PART 1780--WATER AND WASTE LOANS AND GRANTS Back to Top

34.The authority citation for part 1780 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.
Subpart A--General Policies and Requirements Back to Top

35.Revise the second, third, and fourth sentences of § 1780.1(b) to read as
follows:
§ 1780.1 General.

* * * * *

(b) * * * The median household income of the service area and the
nonmetropolitan median household income of the State will be determined from
income data from 5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or,
if needed, other Census Bureau data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS
or other Census Bureau data does not accurately represent the median household
income within the area to be served, the reasons will be documented and the
applicant may furnish, or RD may obtain, additional information regarding such
median household income data. Information must consist of reliable data from
local, regional, State or Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a
reliable impartial source. * * *

36.In § 1780.3, revise the definition of "Rural and rural areas" to read as
follows:
§ 1780.3 Definitions and grammatical rules of construction.

* * * * *

Rural and rural areas means any area not in a city or town with a population in
excess of 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from the most
recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census). If the
applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial
Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure based on available
population data.

* * * * *

37.Revise § 1780.18(c)(2)(ii) to read as follows:
§ 1780.18 Allocation of program funds.

* * * * *

(c) * * *

(2) * * *

(ii) The data sources for each criterion identified in paragraph (c)(2) of this
section are specified in paragraphs (c)(2)(ii)(A) through (C) of this section.
Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its relevance in
determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is multiplied by
the weight factor and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF). The SF cannot
exceed 0.05, as follows:

SF = (criterion in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(A) of this section × 50 percent) +
(criterion in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(B) × 25 percent) + (criterion in paragraph
(b)(2)(i)(C) of this section × 25 percent)

(A) For the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(A) of this section, the
most recent decennial Census data.

(B) For the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(B) of this section,
5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other
Census Bureau data.

(C) For the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(C) of this section, the
most recent Bureau of Labor Statistics data.

* * * * *
Subpart B--Loan and Grant Application Processing Back to Top

38.Revise § 1780.49(b)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1780.49 Rural or Native Alaskan villages.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) Rural or Native Alaskan village. A rural or Native Alaskan community which
meets the definition of a village under State statutes and does not have a
population in excess of 10,000 inhabitants according to the most recent
decennial Census.

* * * * *
PART 1781--RESOURCE CONSERVATION AND DEVELOPMENT (RCD) LOANS AND WATERSHED (WS)
LOANS AND ADVANCES Back to Top

39.The authority citation for part 1781 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.
§ 1781.2 [Amended]

40.Amend the first sentence of § 1781.2(a) by removing ", successor to the
Farmers's Home Administration" in the first sentence.
PART 1783--REVOLVING FUNDS FOR FINANCING WATER AND WASTEWATER PROJECTS
(REVOLVING FUND PROGRAM) Back to Top

41.The authority citation for part 1783 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1926 (a)(2)(B).
Subpart A--General Back to Top

42.In § 1783.3, revise the definition of "Rural and rural area" to read as
follows:
§ 1783.3 What definitions are used in this regulation?

* * * * *

Rural and rural area means a city, town or unincorporated area that has a
population of no more than 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained
from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census).
If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent
decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure based on
available population data.

* * * * *
CHAPTER XVIII--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE, RURAL
UTILITIES SERVICE, AND FARM SERVICE AGENCY, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Back to
Top
PART 1806--INSURANCE Back to Top

43.The authority citation for part 1806 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--Real Property Insurance Back to Top
§ 1806.1 [Amended]

44.Amend § 1806.1 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Rural Housing Service (RHS). Any references
herein to the Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its employees are intended
to mean FSA or RHS, as applicable, and their employees." and adding "Rural
Housing Service (RHS), herein referred to as the "Agency." in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b) and (d), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (e), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"interest of the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "interest of RD" in its place.
§ 1806.2 [Amended]

45.Amend § 1806.2 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(5)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b)(6) introductory text and (b)(6)(i), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (b)(9) and (b)(10) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the
Agency" in their place;

d. In paragraph (b)(11) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "the Agency has" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "the Agency will" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(11)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(11)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 is" and adding "the Agency is" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (b)(11)(iv) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraph (b)(11)(iv)(A), removing "United States of America (Farmers Home
Administration or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354)" and adding
"United States of America (Rural Development)" in its place and removing "naming
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "naming the
Agency" in its place;

h. In paragraph (b)(11)(iv)(B), removing "United States of America (Farmers Home
Administration or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354)" and adding
"United States of America (Rural Development)" in its place and removing "by
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the
Agency" in its place;

i. In paragraph (b)(11)(iv)(C), removing "the Farmers Home Admnistration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

j. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"in which the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"in which the Agency" in its place;

k. In paragraph (d)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

l. In paragraph (d)(1)(iii)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "the" in its place;

m. In paragraph (d)(2), removing "against the FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "against the Agency" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 mortgage" and adding
"Agency mortgage" in its place; and

n. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 loan" and adding "Agency loan" in its place and removing "for FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loans" and adding "for the Agency
loans" in its place.
§ 1806.3 [Amended]

46.Amend § 1806.3 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(1), (b), and (c)(1)(v), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in their
place;

b. In paragraph (c)(1)(vii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in their place; and

c. In paragraph (c)(1)(viii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in their place.
§ 1806.4 [Amended]

47.Amend § 1806.4 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in their place;

b. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "upon demand to FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "upon demand to the Agency" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (b)(2)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the Agency" in their place.
§ 1806.5 [Amended]

48.Amend § 1806.5 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text and (i)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 " and adding "the Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 was" and adding "the Agency was" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (a)(2), (b)(1), and (b)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 " and adding "Agency" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (b)(2)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place and removing "jointly to
the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "jointly
to the Agency" in its place;

f. In paragraph (c)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraphs (c)(1)(iv) and (e)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

h. In paragraph (g) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place;

i. In paragraphs (g)(2) and (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 " and adding "Agency" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (i)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 official" and adding "Agency official" in its place and removing
"whether FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"whether the Agency" in its place.
§ 1806.6 [Amended]

49.Amend § 1806.6 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in their place;

e. In paragraph (a)(1)(v), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 account" and adding
"Agency account" in its place;

f. In paragraph (a)(1)(vii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 as mortgagee" and adding "Agency as mortgagee" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place; and

h. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "from the FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "from the Agency" in
its place.
Subpart B--National Flood Insurance Back to Top
§ 1806.21 [Amended]

50.Amend § 1806.21(a) by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development and
Farm Service Agency, herein referred to as the "Agency"," in its place.
§ 1806.22 [Amended]

51.Amend § 1806.22 by:

a. In the paragraph heading of paragraph (b), removing "Farmers Home
Administration or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The
Agency" in its place; and

b. In the first sentence of paragraph (b), removing "the FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 National Office" and adding "the National
Office" in its place.
§ 1806.23 [Amended]

52.Amend § 1806.23(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1806.25 [Amended]

53.Amend § 1806.25 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place and

b. In paragraph (c)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place.
PART 1810--INTEREST RATES, TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND APPROVAL AUTHORITY Back to Top

54.The authority citation for part 1810 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1989; 14 U.S.C. 1480; 7 CFR 2.23; 7 CFR 2.70.
Subpart A--Interest Rates, Amortization, Guarantee Fee, Annual Charge, and Fixed
Period Back to Top
§ 1810.1 [Amended]

55.Amend § 1810.1 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency (Rural Business-Cooperative Service and Rural
Housing Service of the U.S. Department of Agriculture)" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "U.S. Department of Agriculture" in
its place.
§ 1810.2 [Amended]

56.Amend § 1810.2(b) and (c) by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in their place.
PART 1822--Rural Housing Loans and Grants Back to Top

57.The authority citation for part 1822 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

42 U.S.C. 1480; 5 U.S.C. 301; 7 CFR 2.23; 7 CFR 2.70.
Subpart G--Rural Housing Site Loan Policies, Procedures, and Authorizations Back
to Top
§ 1822.261 [Amended]

58.Amend § 1822.261 by removing "assistance to FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development (RD)" in its place and
removing "with an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
employee" and adding "with an RD employee" in its place.
§ 1822.264 [Amended]

59.Amend § 1822.264(b) by removing "The Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RHS" in its place.
§ 1822.265 [Amended]

60.Amend § 1822.265(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354".
§ 1822.266 [Amended]

61.Amend § 1822.266(e)(4) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1822.267 [Amended]

62.Amend § 1822.267 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (d), removing "using a form entitled, "((Rural Housing Site)
Loan to Nonprofit Corporation)" available at all FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 offices";

c. In paragraph (e), removing ", and certain information in a guide entitled
"Planning and Developing Building Sites" available at all FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 offices";

d. In paragraph (h), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

f. In paragraph (k)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (l)(2) introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (l)(2)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

i. In paragraph (l)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (l)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "The government's" in its place.
§ 1822.268 [Amended]

63.Amend § 1822.268(a) by:

a. Removing "charged by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "charged by Rural Development" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "RD office" in its place.
§ 1822.270 [Amended]

64.Amend § 1822.270(a) introductory text by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1822.271 [Amended]

65.Amend § 1822.271 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(3)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place and

b. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs in the column labeled "Form No." and adding "RD" in
its place.
§ 1822.274 [Amended]

66.Amend § 1822.274 by:

a. In paragraph (b) first sentence, removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 1927-1 (state), Real Estate Mortgage -for ___," will"
and adding "Form RD 3550-14, "Real Estate Mortgage or Deed of Trust for
(state)," will" in its place and in the first paragraph of the quoted material
in the third sentence by removing "basis for the FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "basis for Rural Development" in its place;
and

b. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1822.275 [Amended]

67.Amend § 1822.275(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1822.278 [Amended]

68.Amend § 1822.278(g) by:

a. In the first sentence, removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 1927-1 (state), Real Estate ___for___(Direct Loan)," will"
and adding "Form RD 3550-14, "Real Estate Mortgage or Deed of Trust for
(state)," will" in its place; and

b. In the first paragraph of the quoted material in the third sentence, removing
"basis for the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"basis for Rural Development" in its place.
PART 1900--GENERAL Back to Top

69.The authority citation for part 1900 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 7 U.S.C. 6991, et seq.; 42 U.S.C. 1480;
Reorganization Plan No. 2 of 1953 (5 U.S.C. App.).
§ 1900.1 [Amended]

70.Amend § 1900.1 by:

a. Removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. Adding "This subpart is inapplicable to Farm Service Agency, Farm Loan
Programs." at the end of the section.
§ 1900.2 [Amended]

71.Amend § 1900.2 introductory text and paragraph (g) by removing "the Farmers
Home Administration or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1900.3 [Amended]

72.Amend § 1900.3 by removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor
Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1900.5 [Amended]

73.Amend § 1900.5 by removing "the FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1900.6 [Amended]

74.Amend § 1900.6(a) and (b) by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1900.7 [Amended]

75.Amend § 1900.7 by removing "Administrator of the Farmers Home Administration
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary
for Rural Development" in its place.
Subpart C--Applicability of Federal Law Back to Top
§ 1900.101 [Amended]

76.Amend § 1900.101 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "Agency" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

b. In paragraph (a), removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

c. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1900.102 [Amended]

77.Amend § 1900.102 by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and "Farmers Home Administration or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever they occur and adding "Rural Development" in their place.
Subpart D--Processing and Servicing Rural Development Assistance to Employees,
Relatives, and Associates Back to Top

78.Revise the heading of Subpart D to read as set forth above.

79.Revise § 1900.151(a) introductory text and (b) to read as follows:
§ 1900.151 General.

(a) The Standards of Ethical Conduct for Employees of the Executive Branch
requires the maintenance of high standards of honesty, integrity, and
impartiality by employees. To reduce the potential for employee conflict of
interest, any processing, approval, servicing or review activity, including
access through automated information systems, is conducted only by authorized
Rural Development employees who:

* * * * *

(b) No provision of this subpart takes precedence over individual program
requirements or restrictions relating to eligibility for Rural Development
assistance to Rural Development employees, members of families of employees,
close relatives, or business or close personal associates of employees.

* * * * *
§ 1900.152 [Amended]

80.Amend § 1900.152 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "
Rural Development" wherever it occurs in its place in the following definitions:

i. `Applicant or borrower';

ii. `Assistance';

iii. `Employee'; and

iv. `Recipient'; and

b. Removing "an FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "a Rural Development" in its place in the definition of `Conflict of
Interest'.

81.Revise § 1900.153 to read as follows:
§ 1900.153 Identifying and reporting an employee relationship.

(a) Responsibility of applicant. When an application for assistance is filed,
the processing official asks if there is any known relationship or association
with a Rural Development employee. The applicant is required to disclose the
requested information under pertinent program regulations.

(b) Responsibility of the Rural Development employee. A Rural Development
employee who knows he or she is related to or associated with an applicant or
recipient, regardless of whether the relationship or association is known to
others, is required to notify the Rural Development official who is processing
or servicing the assistance, in writing. RD Guide Letter 1900-D-1 (available in
any RD office) may be used as the notice. If the appropriate official is not
known, the State Director should be notified. Regardless of whether the
relationship or association is defined in § 1900.152, if the employee believes
there may be a potential conflict of interest, the Rural Development official
who is processing or servicing the assistance may be notified and special
handling requested. An employee's request that the case receive special handling
is usually honored.

(c) Responsibility of the Rural Development official. When any relationship or
association is identified, the Rural Development official completes and submits
RD Guide Letter 1900-D-2 to the State Director (or Administrator, under
paragraph (e) of this section or § 1900.155(a)). When completed, RD Guide Letter
1900-D-3 is returned by the State Director, the processing official;

(d) Relationship or association established after application for Rural
Development assistance. If a relationship or association is established after an
application has been filed or assistance has been provided, both recipient and
employee are required to notify the Rural Development official as described in
paragraphs (a) and (b) of this section.

(e) Relationship or association with a State Office, Finance Office or National
Office employee. If an identified relationship or association is with an
employee at a State Office (other than a State Director), Finance Office or
National Office, the processing/servicing official completes and submits RD
Guide Letter 1900-D-2 to the State Director in the normal manner. The State
Director reviews the information, determines the need for special handling,
designates the processing/servicing official, completes and submits RD Guide
Letter 1900-D-3 to the Administrator for written concurrence. When the
Administrator's concurrence is received, the State Director returns completed RD
Guide Letter 1900-D-3 to the original official who completes the action
described in paragraph (c) of this section.

(f) Relationship or association with a State Director. If an identified
relationship or association is with a State Director, the processing/servicing
official completes and submits RD Guide Letter 1900-D-2 to the Administrator.
The Administrator reviews, determines the need for special handling, designates
the processing/servicing official, completes and returns RD Guide Letter
1900-D-3 to the original official who completes the action described in
paragraph (c) of this section.

(g) Change in relationship or association, status of Rural Development
assistance, or employee's duty station. If the relationship or association has
changed, the application denied or the assistance otherwise terminated, or Rural
Development employee's duty station changed, the designated processing/servicing
official completes RD Guide Letter 1900-D-2 with the new information and submits
it. The review process takes place as described in paragraphs (a) through (e) of
this section to determine if processing/servicing activity may return to normal
or requires another change. If the assistance is denied or otherwise terminated,
the designated official notifies the original official.
§ 1900.155 [Amended]

82.Amend § 1900.155(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1900.156 [Amended]

83.Amend § 1900.156(g) by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
PART 1901--PROGRAM-RELATED INSTRUCTIONS Back to Top

84.The authority citation for part 1901 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart K--Certificates of Beneficial Ownership and Insured Notes Back to Top
§ 1901.501 [Amended]

85.Amend § 1901.501 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.

86.Revise § 1901.503(a)(2) through (a)(7), (a)(9), (a)(10), (a)(12), (a)(13),
(a)(15) through (a)(17), (a)(19), and (b)(1) through (b)(6) to read as follows:
§ 1901.503 Definitions.

(a) * * *

(2) Certificate. A certificate of beneficial ownership issued by Rural
Development under this subpart.

(3) Director, Finance Office. The Director or the Insured Loan Officer of the
Finance Office of Rural Development.

(4) Rural Development. The United States acting through the Rural Housing
Service, the Rural Utilities Service, or the Rural Business-Cooperative Service
or their successor agencies.

(5) Finance Office. The office which maintains the Rural Development finance
records. It is located at 1520 Market Street, St. Louis, Missouri 63103. (Phone:
314-425-4400)

(6) Fixed period. Any time interval (preceding an option period) during which
the insured holder is not entitled to require Rural Development to purchase the
insured note, as specified in the insurance agreement.

(7) Insurance agreement. The entire contract evidencing and setting forth the
terms and conditions of Rural Development insurance of the payment for the
insured note. The insurance agreement with respect to any particular loan may be
evidenced by Form RD 440-5, "Insurance Endorsement (Insured Loan)," RD 440-30,
"Insurance Endorsement (Insure Loans)," or any other form or forms prescribed by
the National Office and executed by an authorized official of Rural Development.
It may include such provisions as, for example, an agreement of Rural
Development to purchase or repurchase the loan, or to make supplementary
payments from the insurance fund.

* * * * *

(9) Insured holder. The current owner of an insured note other than Rural
Development, according to the records of Rural Development as insurer of the
note.

(10) Insured note. Any promissory note or bond evidencing an insured loan
regardless of whether it is held by Rural Development in the insurance fund, by
a private holder, or by Rural Development as trustee.

* * * * *

(12) National Office. The Administrator or other authorized officer of Rural
Development in Washington, DC.

(13) Option period. Any period during which the insured holder has the optional
right to require Rural Development to purchase the insured note, as specified in
the insurance agreement.

* * * * *

(15) Private buyer. A buyer of an insured note other than Rural Development.

(16) Private holder. An insured holder other than Rural Development.

(17) Repurchase agreement. A provision in the insurance agreement obligating
Rural Development to buy the insured note at the option of the holders.

* * * * *

(19) State Director. The State Director of Rural Development for the State in
which is located the real estate improved, purchased, or refinanced with the
loan evidenced by the insured note.

(b) * * *

(1) Reserve bank. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York (and any other Federal
Reserve Bank which agrees to issue securities in book-entry form) as fiscal
agent of the United States acting on behalf of Rural Development and, when
indicated, acting in its individual capacity.

(2) Rural Development security. A certificate representing beneficial ownership
of notes, bonds, debentures, or other similar obligations held by Rural
Development under the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act and title V of
the Housing Act of 1949, issued in the form of a definitive Rural Development
security or a book-entry Rural Development security.

(3) Definitive Rural Development security. A Rural Development security in
engraved on printed form.

(4) Book-entry Rural Development security. A Rural Development security in the
form of an entry made as prescribed in this subpart on the records of a Reserve
bank.

(5) Pledge. A pledge of, or any other security interest in, Rural Development
securities as collateral for loans or advances, or to secure deposits of public
moneys or the performance of an obligation.

(6) Date of call. The date fixed in the official notice of call published in the
Federal Register on which Rural Development will make payment of the security
before maturity in accordance with its terms.

* * * * *
§ 1901.504 [Amended]

87.Amend § 1901.504 by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354 financing" and adding "Rural Development financing" in its place and by
removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354's fiscal agents"
and adding "Rural Development's fiscal agents" in its place.
§ 1901.505 [Amended]

88.Amend § 1901.505 section heading and paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2), and (b) by
removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1901.506 [Amended]

89.Amend § 1901.506 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" each time it
appears and adding "Rural Development" in the following places:

i. The section heading;

ii. Paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3);

iii. Paragraphs (b)(1) introductory text, (b)(2), (b)(3), (b)(4), (b)(5);

iv. Paragraphs (c)(1) introductory text, (c)(1)(i), (c)(1)(iv), (c)(2), (c)(3),
(c)(4), (c)(5);

v. Paragraphs (d) paragraph heading, (d)(1), (d)(2);

vi. Paragraph (e) paragraph heading and text;

vii. Paragraph (f)(1);

viii. Paragraph (g) paragraph heading and text;

ix. Paragraph (h)(1); and

b. In paragraph (f)(2), removing "the Farmers Homes Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and "Farmers Homes Administration or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
their place.

90.Amend § 1901.507 by:

a. Revising the section heading to read as set forth below;

b. In paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. Removing in paragraph (d)(2) "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (d)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

g. Revising paragraph (e) to read as follows:
§ 1901.507 Certificates of beneficial ownership by the Rural Development Finance
Office.

* * * * *

(e) Assignments. Assignments of certificates should be executed by the owner or
the owner's authorized representative in the presence of an officer authorized
to certify assignments. Registered certificates may be assigned to a specified
transferee or to Rural Development for redemption or for exchange for other
certificates offered at maturity. Assignments to "United States, Rural
Development," "Farmers Home Administration for Transfer," or "Rural Development
for Exchange" will not be accepted unless supplemented by specific instructions
by or in behalf of the owner. If an alteration or erasure has been made in an
assignment, a new assignment from the assignor should be obtained. Otherwise, an
affidavit or explanation by the person responsible for the alteration or erasure
should be submitted for consideration.

* * * * *
§ 1901.508 [Amended]

91.Amend § 1901.508 by:

a. In the introductory text and in paragraphs (a)(1) through (a)(4), removing
"FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and
adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(1)(i), removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354 is requested" and adding "Rural Development is requested" in its place
and removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "made to FmHA or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "made to Rural
Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(4):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "records of FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "records of Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (b)(5):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "However, FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "However, Rural Development" in its place; and

g. In the heading to paragraph (c) and in paragraphs (c)(1) introductory text,
(c)(2), and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1901.509 [Amended]

92.Amend § 1901.509 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354's" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b) introductory text, (b)(1) introductory text, and
(b)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(5):

i. Removing "and FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "and Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (b)(6), removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

e. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
PART 1902--SUPERVISED BANK ACCOUNTS Back to Top

93.The authority citation for part 1902 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 7 U.S.C. 6991, et seq.; 42 U.S.C. 1480;
Reorganization Plan No. 2 of 1953 (5 U.S.C. App.).
Subpart A--Supervised Bank Accounts of Loan, Grant, and Other Funds Back to Top
§ 1902.1 [Amended]

94.Amend § 1902.1 introductory text by adding at the end of the section "This
subpart is inapplicable to Farm Service Agency, Farm Loan Programs."
§ 1902.4 [Amended]

95.Amend § 1902.4 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "government" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b)(2):

i. Removing "the FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1902.9 [Amended]

96.Amend § 1902.9 in the heading of paragraph (a) by removing "FmHA or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1902.10 [Amended]

97.Amend § 1902.10 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1902.15 [Amended]

98.Amend § 1902.15 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "When FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "When Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place.

b. In paragraphs (a) and (c)(1)(i) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

c. In paragraph(c)(1)(i)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in their place;

d. In paragraph (c)(1)(i)(C), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (c)(1)(ii):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354 indebtedness"
and adding "Rural Development indebtedness" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354 borrower"
and adding "Rural Development borrower" in its place; and

iii. Removing "the FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

f. In paragraphs (c)(1)(iii) and (c)(2)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor
Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1902.16 [Amended]

99.Amend § 1902.16 by:

a. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354s" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d) by removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "due to Rural Development" in its place.
PART 1910--GENERAL Back to Top

100.The authority citation for part 1910 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart B--Credit Reports Back to Top

100.Section 1910.51 is revised to read as follows:
§ 1910.51 Purpose.

This subpart prescribes the policies and procedures of Rural Development for
individual and joint type credit reports. Credit reports will be ordered to
determine the eligibility of applicants requesting Rural Development loans. A
nonrefundable fee will be charged the applicant. This subpart is inapplicable to
Farm Service Agency, Farm Loan Programs.
Subpart C--Commercial Credit Reports Back to Top

101.Revise the first sentence of § 1910.101 to read as follows:
§ 1910.101 Preface.

This subpart (§§ 1910.101 through 1910.150) describes the procedure to be used
by Rural Development in obtaining commercial credit reports. * * *
PART 1924--CONSTRUCTION AND REPAIR Back to Top

102.The authority citation for part 1924 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--Planning and Performing Construction and Other Development Back to
Top
§ 1924.1 [Amended]

103.Amend § 1924.1 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§§ 1924.3, 1924.4, 1924.5, 1924.6, 1924.8, 1924.9, 1924.10, and 1924.13
[Amended]

102.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Agency" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1924.3;

b. Section 1924.4(d), (f), and (p);

c. Section 1924.5(d)(1) introductory text wherever it occurs, (d)(1)(iv),
(d)(1)(v), (f)(1)(i), (f)(1)(iii)(C)(4), (f)(2)(iii), (f)(2)(xii) wherever it
occurs, (g)(3), and (i)(4);

d. Section 1924.6(a)(6), (a)(8), (a)(10)(ii) wherever it occurs, and
(a)(11)(iv);

e. Section 1924.8(e);

f. Section 1924.9(b)(7);

g. Section 1924.10(c)(1) wherever it occurs; and

h. Section 1924.13(a) introductory text, (a)(1), (a)(3), (a)(5)(i)(B) wherever
it occurs, (a)(5)(ii)(C), (a)(5)(vi), (b)(2)(v), (e)(1) introductory text
wherever it occurs, (e)(1)(iii)(B)(2), (e)(2)(i)(B), (e)(2)(ii)(A), and
(e)(2)(vii).
§§ 1924.5, 1924.6, 1924.9, 1924.10, 1924.11, 1924.12, and 1924.13 [Amended]

103.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "RD" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1924.5(b) wherever it occurs, (f)(1)(iii)(F), (f)(2)(i), (g)(1)
introductory text, and (g)(2);

b. Section 1924.6(a)(10)(iv) wherever it occurs, (a)(11)(iii), (a)(12)(ii),
(a)(12)(iii) wherever it occurs, (a)(12)(v)(A), (a)(12)(vi)(C)(2)(i),
(a)(12)(vi)(C)(2)(ii), (b)(3)(i) wherever it occurs, (b)(3)(ii)(C), and
(b)(3)(ii)(G);

c. Section 1924.9(c) wherever it occurs;

d. Section 1924.10(a)(4), (c)(2)(i), and (c)(2)(ii);

e. Section 1924.11(c);

f. Section 1924.12(a), (d)(1), and (d)(2); and

g. Section 1924.13(e)(1)(ii) introductory text wherever it occurs and (e)(2)(x).

§§ 1924.4, 1924.5, 1924.6, 1924.9, and 1924.13 [Amended]

104.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "the Agency" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1924.4(h)(1), (h)(8), and (n);

b. Section 1924.5(d)(1)(i)(E)(1), (f)(1)(ii), (f)(1)(iii)(C), (f)(2)
introductory text, (f)(2)(vii), and (f)(2)(viii);

c. Section 1924.6(a)(2)(vi), (a)(3)(iii)(B), (a)(3)(iv)(D), (a)(3)(iv)(F),
(a)(11)(iv) wherever it occurs, (a)(12)(v)(C) wherever it occurs,
(a)(12)(vi)(C)(1)(ii), and (b)(3)(ii)(F);

d. Section 1924.9(d) and (e); and

e. Section 1924.13(a)(5)(i)(F), (a)(5)(iii)(C), (b)(2) wherever it occurs,
(e)(1)(i)(D), (e)(1)(i)(E), (e)(1)(iii)(B)(3), (e)(1)(vi)(A) wherever it occurs,
(e)(1)(vii)(A)(4), (e)(1)(vii)(B)(3), (e)(2)(i)(D), (e)(2)(ii)(C),
(e)(2)(iii)(C), (e)(2)(ix)(A) wherever it occurs, and (e)(2)(ix)(B).
§ 1924.5 [Amended]

105.Amend § 1924.5 by:

a. In paragraph (d)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (f) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (f)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place;

d. In paragraph (f)(2)(iii):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 for" and
adding "Agency for" in its place;

ii. Removing "that FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will"
and adding "the Agency will" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (h) introductory text:

i. Removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of the Agency" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 forms" and
adding "RD forms" in its place; and

f. in paragraph (i)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place.
§ 1924.6 [Amended]

106.Amend § 1924.6 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "(including FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354)" and adding "(including the
Agency)" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3)(ii), removing "(including FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354)" and adding "(including the Agency)" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will be" and
adding "The Agency will be" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(3)(iii)(A):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 prior" and
adding "the Agency prior" in its place;

ii. Removing "the owner and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the owner and the Agency" in its place;

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place; and

iv. Removing "all FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "all Agency" in its place.

d. In paragraph (a)(11)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 employee" and adding "Agency employee" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (a)(12)(v)(B), removing "provide FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "provide the Agency" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official"
wherever it occurs and adding "Agency official" in its place;

f. In paragraph (a)(12)(vi)(B):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Agency loan" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "by the Agency" in its place;

iii. Removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of the Agency" in its place; and

iv. Removing "the owner and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the owner and the Agency" in its place; and

g. In paragraph (a)(12)(vi)(C) introductory text:

i. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Agency loan" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "the Agency will" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1924.9 [Amended]

107.Amend § 1924.9 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "Rural Development office" and adding "Agency office" in its place;

ii. Removing "RHS or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 inpections"
wherever it occurs and adding "Agency inspections" in its place; and

iii. Removing "RHS or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "the Agency has" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1924.10 [Amended]

108.Amend § 1924.10(a)(3) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's security" and adding "the Agency's security" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 security" and
adding "Agency security" in its place.
§ 1924.12 [Amended]

109.Amend § 1924.12 by:

a. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "the owner and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the owner and the Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Agency office" in
its place; and

c. In paragraph (d)(4), removing "notifies FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "notifies the Agency" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form
RD" in its place.
§ 1924.13 [Amended]

110.Amend § 1924.13 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(4)(iii), removing "The Farmers Home Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Approval
Official" and adding "Agency Approval Official" in its place;

b. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii)(F):

i. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "to the Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
regulations" and adding "Agency regulations" in its place;

c. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii)(G), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 offices" and adding "Agency offices" in its place, and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii)(H), removing "The Farmers Home Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Official"
and adding "Agency Official" in its place;

e. In paragraph (e)(1)(iv):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 with" and
adding "the Agency with" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 offices"
and adding "Agency offices" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
and adding "Agency personnel" in its place;

f. In paragraph (e)(1)(v) introductory text:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Agency office" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "the Agency will" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 contractor"
and adding "Agency contractor" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 contracts"
and adding "Agency contracts" in its place; and

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
and adding "Agency personnel" in its place;

g. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(A), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "to FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in its
place;

h. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(B):

i. Removing "the owner and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the owner and the Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "prior to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "prior to the Agency" in its place; and

iv. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

i. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(C):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place;

j. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(D), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations" and adding "Agency
regulations" in its place;

k. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(E):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 reserves"
and adding "The Agency reserves" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iv. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "to the Agency" in its place;

l. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(G):

i. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Forms RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1944-31" and
adding "RD 1944-31" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Agency office" in its place;

m. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(I):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place;

n. In paragraph (e)(1)(vi) introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 as shown" and adding "the Agency as shown" in its place;

o. In paragraph (e)(2)(i)(G), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "by FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its
place;

p. In paragraph (e)(2)(i)(H), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "to FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in its
place;

q. In paragraph (e)(2)(viii) introductory text:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 contractor"
and adding "Agency contractor" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 contracts"
and adding "Agency contracts" in its place;

r. In paragraph (e)(2)(viii)(A):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations"
and adding "Agency regulations" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 reserves"
and adding "The Agency reserves" in its place;

iv. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to the Agency" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place; and

vi. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

s. In paragraph (e)(2)(viii)(B):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 must" and
adding "the Agency must" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

t. In paragraph (e)(2)(viii)(D):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place; and

u. In paragraph (e)(2)(ix):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District" and
adding "Agency District" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to the Agency" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Representative" and adding "Agency Representative" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 does not" and
adding "the Agency does not" in its place.
Exhibit B to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

111.Amend Exhibit B to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of the Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "an Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph I.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraph III.B:

i. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "an Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "local FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "local Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph IV, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

e. In paragraph V introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

f. In paragraph V.D introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraph V.E, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

h. In paragraph V.H, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

i. In paragraph V.J, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

j. In paragraph VI.A introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

k. In paragraph VI.A.3, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

l. In paragraph VII.C introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

m. In paragraph IX, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "The Agency will" in its place and removing "of the
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "of the
Agency" in its place;

n. In paragraph X.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

o. In paragraph X.C, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

p. In Attachment 1 to Exhibit B by:

i. In the introductory text, removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Agency" in its place;

ii. In paragraph A.10, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

iii. In paragraph B.4(c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "U.S. Department of Agriculture," in its place;

q. In Attachment 2 to Exhibit B by:

i. In the second introductory paragraph, removing "Farmers Home Administration
(FmHA) or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in
its place;

ii. In paragraph 2, removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its place;

iii. In paragraph 3, removing "local FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "local Agency" in its place;

iv. In paragraph 3, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

v. In paragraph 3, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Thermal" and adding "Agency Thermal" in its place;

vi. In paragraph 6 and the second undesginated concluding paragraph, removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel" and adding "RD
personnel" in its place;

vii. In paragraph 6, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 State" and adding "Agency State" in its place; and

viii. In paragraph 6, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 inspection" and adding "RD inspection" in its place; and

r. In Attachment 5 to Exhibit B by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place.
Exhibit C to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

112.Amend Exhibit C to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In paragraphs II.A introductory text and V.B introductory text, removing "any
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and
adding "any Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraphs IV introductory text and IV.A introductory text, removing "Form
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraph IV.A.1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 form" and adding "RD form" in its place.
Exhibit D to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

113.Amend Exhibit D to Subpart A of Part 1924 by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its
place in the following places:

a. Paragraph IV.A;

b. Paragraph IV.C.1.a;

c. Paragraph IV.C.1.b;

d. Paragraph IV.C.2.b; and

e. Paragraph V.A.
Exhibit H to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

114.Amend Exhibit H to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In paragraph II, removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph IV.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 requires" and adding "the Agency requires" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 County" and adding
"Agency County" in its place;

c. In paragraph IV.C, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 requires" and adding "the Agency requires" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 County" and adding
"Agency County" in its place;

d. In paragraph IV.D, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place; and

e. In paragraph IV.E, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
Exhibit I to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

115.Amend Exhibit I to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "the Agency" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph 300-3; and

ii. Paragraph 302-2.5; and

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Agency" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph 302-2.3;

ii Paragraph 303-1.
Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

116.Amend Exhibit J to Subpart A of Part 1924, Part A by:

a. In Section I:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 field" and
adding "Agency field" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 housing" and
adding "Agency housing" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and
adding "The Agency may" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "The Agency will" in its place;

b. In Section II introductory text by:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "The Agency has" in its place;

ii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to the Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of Agency" in its place;

c. In Section II.B:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 field" and
adding "Agency field" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Agency loan" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354/MPS" and
adding "Agency/MPS" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 in that" and
adding "the Agency in that" in its place;

d. In Section III:

i. In the definition of `Manufactured Home" removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place; and

ii. In the definition of `Permanent Perimeter Enclosure' removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 adopted" and adding "Agency adopted"
in its place;

e. In Section IV, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

f. In Section V:

i. In the introductory text, removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its place;

ii. In Section V.2, removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its place and removing "to FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in its
place; and

iii. In Section V.2.B introductory text, removing "by FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations" and
adding "Agency regulations" in its place;
Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

117.Amend Exhibit J to Subpart A of Part 1924, Part B by:

a. In Section I.C removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place;

b. In Section I.I, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In Section II.A introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place and removing
"to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the
Agency" in its place;

d. In Section II.A.1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place and removing "to FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in its
place;

e. In Section II.A.2, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

f. In Section II.A.4, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

g. In Section II.A.6, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 adopted" and adding "Agency adopted" in its place and removing "to FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in
its place;

h. In Section II.A.8, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place;

i. In Section II.C.1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place;

j. In Section II.C.2, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place;

k. In Section III.A, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place;

l. In Section III.C, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

m. In Section IV.A.1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place; and

n. In Section IV.C.2, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place and removing "by FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its
place;
Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

118.Amend Exhibit J to Subpart A of Part 1924, Part C by:

a. In Section I introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

b. In Section I.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In Section I.C:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 County" and
adding "Agency County" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354/MPS" and
adding "Agency/MPS" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place; and

d. In Section V.A, removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

119.Amend Exhibit J to Subpart A of Part 1924, Part D, Inspection of Development
Works, Section II.D by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place.
Exhibit K to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

120.Amend Exhibit K to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In Section I, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

b. In Section II, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" wherever it occurs and adding "the Agency's" in its place and
removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "between the Agency" in its place; and

c. In Section III, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place.
Exhibit L to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

121.Amend Exhibit L to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In Section I introductory text, removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA)
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its
place;

b. In Section I.A, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

c. In Section I.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

d. In Section I.C, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

e. In Section II.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the Agency" in its place;

f. In Section III.E, removing "if FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "if the Agency" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 inspections" wherever it occurs and
adding "Agency inspections" in its place;

g. In Section IV.A(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

h. In Section IV.B(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

i. In Section IV.B(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

j. In Attachment 1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place.
Subpart C--Planning and Performing Site Development Work Back to Top
§§ 1924.103 and 1924.119 [Amended]

122.Amend §§ 1924.103 and 1924.119 by removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its
place and by removing "(available in any RHS field office)" wherever it occurs.
Subpart F--Complaints and Compensation for Construction Defects Back to Top
§ 1924.251 [Amended]

123.Amend § 1924.251 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§§ 1924.252, 1924.253, 1924.258, 1924.260, 1924.261, 1924.262, 1924.265,
1924.266, 1924.274, and 1924.276 [Amended]

124.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1924.252;

b. Section 1924.253;

c. Section 1924.258;

d. Section 1924.260;

e. Section 1924.261;

f. Section 1924.262;

g. Section 1924.265;

h. Section 1924.266;

i. Section 1924.274; and

j. Section 1924.276.
§ 1924.259 [Amended]

125.Amend § 1924.259 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "a format specified by FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (available in any FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office)" and adding "a Rural Development approved
format" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 using a format specified by FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 (available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 office)" and adding "Rural Development using a Rural Development
approved format" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (c), (d), and (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (e)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's findings" and adding "the findings" in its place; and

e. In paragraphs (e)(2)(i), (e)(2)(ii), (e)(3), and (e)(4), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "
Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1924.271 [Amended]

126.Amend § 1924.271 by removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place and by removing
"(available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office)".
§ 1924.273 [Amended]

127.Amend § 1924.273 by removing "(available in any FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office)".
PART 1925--TAXES Back to Top

128.The authority citation for part 1925 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart C--Planning and Performing Site Development Work Back to Top
§ 1925.2 [Amended]

129.Amend § 1925.2 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1925.3 [Amended]

130.Amend § 1925.3(c) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1925.4 [Amended]

131.Amend § 1925.4 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
PART 1927--TITLE CLEARANCE AND LOAN CLOSING Back to Top

132.The authority citation for part 1927 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart B--Real Estate Title Clearance and Loan Closing Back to Top
§ 1927.52 [Amended]

133.Amend § 1927.52 by removing the definition of "FSA" and revising the
definitions of "Agency", "National Office", "RHS", and "State Office" to read as
follows:
§ 1927.52 Definitions.

Agency. The Rural Housing Service (RHS) or its successor agency.

* * * * *

National Office. The National Headquarters Office of RHS.

* * * * *

RHS. The Rural Housing Service, an agency of the United States Department of
Agriculture, or its successor agency.

* * * * *

State Office. This term refers to the Rural Development State Director.

* * * * *
PART 1940--GENERAL Back to Top

134.The authority citation for part 1940 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; and 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart I--Truth in Lending-Real Estate Settlement Procedures Back to Top
§ 1940.401 [Amended]

135.Amend § 1940.401 by:

a. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d)(4)(iii), removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 to the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
County Office" and adding "by Rural Development to the Rural Development County
Office" in its place.
§ 1940.406 [Amended]

136.Amend § 1940.406 by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
Subpart L--Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program
Funds Back to Top
§ 1940.551 [Amended]

137.Amend § 1940.551 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Administrator of the Farmers Home Administration
(FmHA) or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Administrator for the Rural Business-Cooperative Service or the Administrator
for the Rural Housing Service, as applicable," in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1940.552, 1940.557, 1940.578, and 1940.585 [Amended]

138.Amend §§ 1940.552(e), 1940.577(b)(2), 1940.578(k), and 1940.585(g) by
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.

139.Revise § 1940.560(b)(3) to read as follows:
§ 1940.560 Guaranteed Rural Rental Housing Program.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(3) State's percentage of National average cost per unit. The data source for
the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(1) of this section is the most recent
decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census). The data source for
the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(2) of this section is 5-year income
data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data. The data source for the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(3) of this
section is the cost per unit data using the applicable maximum per unit dollar
amount limitations under section 207(c) of the National Housing Act, which can
be obtained from the Department of Housing and Urban Development. The percentage
representing each criterion is multiplied by the weight assigned and totaled to
arrive at a State factor.

State Factor = (criterion No. 1 × weight of 40%) + (criterion No. 1 × weight of
40%) + (criterion No. 1 × weight of 20%)

* * * * *

140.In § 1940.563, revise paragraph (b)(4) and add paragraph (b)(5) to read as
follows:
§ 1940.563 Section 502 non-subsidized guaranteed Rural Housing (RH) loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(4) State's percentage of the national number of rural renter households paying
more than 35 percent of income for rent. The data source for each criterion is
specified in paragraph (b)(5) of this section. Each criterion is assigned a
specific weight according to its relevance in determining need. The percentage
representing each criterion is multiplied by the weight factor and summed to
arrive at a basic State factor (SF) as follows:

SF = (criterion 1 × weight of 30%) + (criterion 2 × weight of 10%) + (criterion
3 × weight of 30%) + (criterion 4 × weight of 30%)

(5) The data source for the criteria specified in paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(2)
of this section is the most recent decennial Census. The data source for the
criteria specified in paragraph (b)(3) and (b)(4) of this section is 5-year
income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census
Bureau data.

* * * * *

141.In § 1940.564, revise paragraph (b)(4) and add paragraph (b)(5) to read as
follows:
§ 1940.564 Section 502 subsidized guaranteed Rural Housing loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(4) State's percentage of the national number of rural renter households paying
more than 35 percent of income for rent. The data source for each criterion is
specified in paragraph (b)(5) of this section. Each criterion is assigned a
specific weight according to its relevance in determining need. The percentage
representing each criterion is multiplied by the weight factor and summed to
arrive at a basic State factor (SF) as follows:

SF = (criterion 1 × weight of 30%) + (criterion 2 × weight of 10%) + (criterion
3 × weight of 30%) + (criterion 4 × weight of 30%)

(5) The data source for the criteria specified in paragraphs (b)(1), (b)(2), and
(b)(4) of this section is the most recent decennial Census. The data source for
the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(3) of this section is 5-year income
data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data.

* * * * *

142.Revise § 1940.566(b)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1940.566 Section 504 Housing Repair loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) State's percentage of the National number of rural households below 50
percent of area median income. The data source for the first criterion is the
most recent decennial Census data. The data source for the second criterion is
5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other
Census Bureau data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to
its relevance in determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is
multiplied by the weight factor and summed to arrive at a basic State factor
(SF).

SF = (criterion No. 1 × weight of 50%) + (criterion No. 2 × weight of 50%)

* * * * *

143.Revise § 1940.567(b)(3) to read as follows:
§ 1940.567 Section 504 Housing Repair grants.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(3) State's percentage of the National number of rural households below 50
percent of area median income. The data source for the first two of these
criteria is the most recent decennial Census data. The data source for the third
criterion is the 5-year data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if
needed, other Census Bureau data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight
according to its relevance in determining need. The percentage representing each
criterion is multiplied by the weight factor and summed to arrive at a basic
State factor (SF).

SF = (criterion No. 1 × weight of 33 1/3%) + (criterion No. 2 × weight of 33
1/3%) + (criterion No. 3 × weight of 33 1/3%)

* * * * *

144.Revise § 1940.575(b)(3) to read as follows:
§ 1940.575 Section 515 Rural Rental Housing (RRH) loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(3) State's percentage of National rural families with incomes below the poverty
level. The data source for the first two of these criterion is the most recent
decennial Census data. The data source for the third criterion is the 5-year
data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its relevance in
determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is multiplied by
the weight assigned and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF).

SF = (criterion No. 1 × weight of 33 1/3%) + (criterion No. 2 × weight of 33
1/3%) + (criterion No. 3 × weight of 33 1/3%)

* * * * *

145.Revise § 1940.585(b)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1940.585 Community Facility loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) The data source for the first criterion is the most recent decennial Census
data. The data source for the second criterion is the 5-year data from the
American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. The
data source for the third criterion is the most recent Bureau of Labor
Statistics data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its
relevance in determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is
multiplied by the weight factor and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF). The
SF cannot exceed 0.05.

SF = (criterion (b)(1)(i) × 50 percent) + (criterion (b)(1)(ii) × 25 percent) +
(criterion (b)(1)(iii) × 25 percent)

* * * * *

146.Amend § 1940.591 by:

a. Revising paragraph (b)(2); and

b. In paragraph (g), removing "(available in any FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office)."

The revision reads as follows:
§ 1940.591 Community Program Guaranteed loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) The data source for the first criterion is the most recent decennial Census
data. The data source for the second criterion is the 5-year data from the
American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. The
data source for the third criterion is the most recent Bureau of Labor
Statistics data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its
relevance in determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is
multiplied by the weight factor and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF). The
SF cannot exceed 0.05.

SF = (criterion (b)(1)(i) × 50 percent) + (criterion (b)(1)(ii) × 25 percent) +
(criterion (b)(1)(iii) × 25 percent)

* * * * *

147.Revise § 1940.592(b)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1940.592 Community facilities grants.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) The data source for the first criterion is the most recent decennial Census
data. The data source for the second criterion is the 5-year data from the
American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. Each
criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its relevance in
determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is multiplied by
the weight factor and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF).

SF (criterion (b)(1)(i) × 50 percent) + (criterion (b)(1)(ii) × 50 percent)

* * * * *
Subpart T--System for Delivery of Certain Rural Development Programs Back to Top

§ 1940.951 [Amended]

148.Amend § 1940.951 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

b. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1940.953 [Amended]

149.Amend § 1940.953 by:

a. In the definition of `Administrator', removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Business--Cooperative Service, Rural
Housing Service, or Rural Utilities Service" in its place; and

b. In the defintion of `State Director', removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1940.956, 1940.957, 1940.960, and 1940.969 [Amended]

150.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1940.956;

b. Section 1940.957(d);

c. Section 1940.960(a); and

d. Section 1940.969.
§ 1940.961 [Amended]

151.Amend § 1940.961 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
State" and adding "RD State" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (d)(1), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place.
§ 1940.965 [Amended]

152.Amend § 1940.965 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1940.968 [Amended]

153.Amend § 1940.968 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (c) and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (h)(4), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

d. In paragraph (i)(2)(vii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (i)(3)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (i)(3)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

g. In paragraph (i)(3)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (i)(3)(iv), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD
Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

i. In paragraph (j)(2):

i. Removing "Exhibit A (available from any FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354RD State Office), shall be attached to and become a permanent
part of Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1940-A and
the following paragraphs will appear in the comment section of that form:" and
adding "Exhibit A of this subpart (available from any Rural Development State
Office) shall be attached to and become a permanent part of Form RD 1940-1 and
the following paragraphs will appear in the comment section of that form:" in
its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 7 CFR part
1940" and adding "7 CFR part 1940" in its place; and

iii. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "approved by Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (j)(4), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will retain" and adding "
Rural Development will retain" in its place;

k. In paragraph (j)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

l. In paragraphs (j)(7) and (l), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
PART 1942--ASSOCIATIONS Back to Top

154.The authority citation for part 1942 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--Community Facility Loan Back to Top
§ 1942.1 [Amended]

155.Amend § 1942.1 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Agency's" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

c. In pragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1942.2 [Amended]

156.Amend § 1942.2:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD's" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2)(iv), removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "by RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 funding" and adding "Agency funding" in its place and removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will issue" and adding "the Agency
will issue" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in their place;

e. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

f. In paragraphs (d) and (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1942.3 [Amended]

157.Amend § 1942.3 by:

a. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

b. Removing "422-10" and adding "442-10" in its place; and

c. Removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the RD" in its place.
§ 1942.5 [Amended]

158.Amend § 1942.5 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "Ordinarily FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The Rural Development" in
its place and removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by the Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place and removing
"(Public Resolution)" and adding "(Public Bodies)" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(1)(ii):

i. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
by written" and adding "approved by written" in its place;

ii. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
shall" and adding "approved by RD shall" in its place;

iii. Removing "If FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 makes
the loan" and adding "If (insert agency name) makes the loan" in its place;

iv. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

v. Removing "submitted to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "submitted to RD" in its place; and

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 reserves"
and adding "Rural Development reserves" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (b)(1)(ii)(E) and (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its
place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Form RD" in its place;

f. In paragraphs (d)(1) and (d)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (d)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Field Office terminal" and adding "automated terminal" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (d)(5):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Field" and
adding "Rural Development Field" in its place;

ii. Removing "the Legislative Affairs and Public Information Staff in the
National Office" and adding "the Legislative and Public Affairs Staff in the
Rural Development National Office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

i. In paragraph (d)(6), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

j. In paragraph (d)(7) introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Field" and adding "Rural
Development Field" in its place; and

k. In paragraph (d)(7)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1942.6 [Amended]

159.Amend § 1942.6 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1942.8 [Amended]

160.Amend § 1942.8:

a. In paragraph (d), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (g), removing "review of FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "review of Rural Developments's" in its place;
and

c. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 personnel" and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and
adding "RD Instruction" in its place.
§ 1942.16 [Amended]

161.Amend § 1942.16 introductory text by removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
§ 1942.17 [Amended]

162.Amend § 1942.17 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "
Rural Development" in its place wherever it occurs in the following places:

i. Paragraph (a);

ii. Paragraphs (b)(2)(i), (b)(3), and (b)(4);

iii. Paragraphs (c)(1), (c)(2) introductory text, and (c)(2)(iv) introductory
text;

iv. Paragraphs (d)(1)(iv)(B), (d)(1)(iv)(G) introductory text,
(d)(1)(iv)(G)(2)(ii), (d)(1)(v) introductory text, (d)(1)(v)(C), and
(d)(1)(v)(D);

v. Paragraphs (e)(1) introductory text, (e)(1)(ii), and (e)(4);

vi. Paragraph (f)(6);

vii. Paragraph (f)(7) introductory text and (f)(7)(i)(D);

viii. Paragraph (g) introductory text;

ix. Paragraphs (h) introductory text, (h)(1)(ii)(B), (h)(2)(ii)(A)(2),
(h)(2)(ii)(B), (h)(2)(iii) introductory text, (h)(2)(iii)(C), and (h)(3)
introductory text;

x. Paragraphs (j)(3)(i)(A) through (D), (j)(3)(ii)(A), (j)(4) introductory text,
(j)(4)(iii)(C), (j)(5), (j)(7), (j)(9), (j)(10)(ii), (j)(10)(iv), and (j)(11);

xi. Paragraphs (k) introductory text, (k)(1)(iv), (k)(4), and (k)(5);

xii. Paragraphs (m)(3) through (m)(6);

xiii. Paragraphs (n)(1), (n)(2)(xiii), (n)(3)(ii), and (n)(6);

xiv. Paragraph (o)(3);

xv. Paragraphs (p)(2) introductory text, (p)(2)(iii), and (p)(3)(i) through
(iii);

b. Revising paragraphs (b)(1)(i)(A), (b)(1)(i)(B), (b)(2)(iii), and (b)(2)(iv);

c. In paragraph (b)(5), removing in the paragraph heading "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354"; and removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 shall" and adding "The Government shall" in its place;

d. In paragraph (c)(2)(iii)(E), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 funds" and adding "Rural Devleopment funds" in its place and
removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "between Rural Development's" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d)(1)(v)(E):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and
adding "Rural Development may" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
authorization" and adding "Rural Development's authorization" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
authorization" and adding "Rural Development authorization" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 approval"
and adding "Rural Development approval" in its place;

f. In paragraph (f)(5), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

g. In paragraph (f)(6), revising the third, fourth, and fifth sentences;

h. In paragraphs (g)(1) introductory text and (g)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the
United States" in its place;

i. In paragraph (g)(1)(ii) introductory text:

i. Removing "acceptable to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "acceptable to the United States" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 portion" and
adding "United States portion" in its place;

iii. Removing "include FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "include United States" in its place;

iv. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State
Director" and adding "the State Director" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 must" and
adding "The United States must" in its place;

j. In paragraph (g)(1)(iv), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354";

k. In paragraph (g)(2)(iii)(A)(7):

i. Removing "Farmers Home Adminstration or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

l. In paragraph (g)(3)(i) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

m. In paragraphs (g)(3)(i)(B) and (D), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the United States" in
its place;

n. In paragraph (g)(3)(iii)(A)(3):

i. Removing "Farmers Home Adminstration or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

o. In paragraph (h)(2)(i)(B)(2), removing "the Farmers Home Administration or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

p. In paragraph (j)(3) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "RD's" in its place;

q. In paragraph (j)(3)(ii)(B):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "acceptable to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "acceptable to Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "determined by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "determined by Rural Development" in its place;

r. Revising paragraph (j)(3)(iii);

s. In paragraph (j)(4)(i) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

t. In paragraph (j)(4)(i)(A), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "give FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "give Rural
Development" in its place;

u. In paragraph (j)(4)(i)(B) introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place and removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

v. In paragraph (j)(4)(i)(B)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

w. In paragraph (j)(6)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

x. In paragraph (k)(7), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 financial" and adding "Agency financial" in its place and removing "The
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State Director" and adding
"The State Director" in its place;

y. In paragraph (k)(8), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

z. In paragraph (l)(1):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 concurrence"
and adding "Agency concurrence" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354/EPA" and
adding "Agency/EPA" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 and EPA" and
adding "RD and EPA" in its place;

aa. In paragraph (l)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

bb. In paragraphs (l)(4) and (m)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

cc. In paragraph (m)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will
tentatively" and adding "RD will tentatively" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "agency loan" in its place;

iii. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "where FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "where Rural Development" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will notify"
and adding "Rural Development will notify" in its place; and

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loans" and
adding "Rural Development loans" in its place;

dd. In paragraph (n)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

ee. In paragraph (n)(2)(vii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

ff. In paragraph (n)(2)(x), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

gg. In paragraph (n)(3) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 funds" and
adding "Rural Development funds" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
commitment" and adding "Rural Development's commitment" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Rural Development loan" in its place;

iv. Removing "When an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "When a Rural Development" in its place; and

v. Removing "provide FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "provide Rural Development" in its place;

hh. In paragraph (p)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

ii. In paragraph (p)(4):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 funds" and
adding "Rural Development funds" in its place;

ii. Removing "benefit of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "benefit of Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

jj. In paragraph (p)(5), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 funds" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place
and removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

kk. In paragraph (p)(6)(i)(A):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "agency loan" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 grant" and
adding "agency grant" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
indebtedness" and adding "RD indebtedness" in its place; and

11.In paragraph (p)(6)(i)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "agency" in its place.

The revisions read as follows:
§ 1942.17 Community facilities.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(1) * * *

(i) * * *

(A) Loans for water or waste disposal facilities will not be made to a city or
town with a population in excess of 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is
obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data.

(B) Loans for essential community facilities will not be made to a city or town
with a population in excess of 20,000 inhabitants according to the most recent
decennial Census.

* * * * *

(2) * * *

(iii) For water or waste disposal facilities, the terms rural and rural area
will not include any area in any city or town with a population in excess of
10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from the most recent
decennial Census. If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from
the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population
figure based on available population data.

(iv) For essential community facilities, the terms rural and rural area will not
include any area in any city or town with a population in excess of 20,000
inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial
Census. If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data.

* * * * *

(f) * * *

(6) Income determination.* * * The median household income of the service area
and the nonmetropolitan median household income of the State will be determined
from 5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed,
other Census Bureau data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other
Census Bureau data does not accurately represent the median household income
within the area to be served, the reasons will be documented and the applicant
may furnish, or Rural Development may obtain, additional information regarding
such median household income data. Information must consist of reliable data
from local, regional, State or Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a
reliable impartial source. * * *

(j) * * *

(3) * * *

(iii) Insurance. The following types of coverage must be maintained if
appropriate for the type of project and entity involved. Insurance must be in
amounts acceptable to the Agency and at least equivalent to coverage for real
property and equipment acquired without Federal funds.

(A) Property insurance. Fire and extended coverage will normally be maintained
on all structures except as noted in paragraphs (j)(3)(iii)(A)(1) and (2) of
this section. Ordinarily, Rural Development should be listed as mortgagee on the
policy when Rural Development has a lien on the property. Normally, major items
of equipment or machinery located in the insured structures must also be
covered. Exceptions:

(1) Reservoirs, standpipes, elevated tanks, and other structures built entirely
of noncombustible materials if such structures are not normally insured.

(2) Subsurface lift stations except for the value of electrical and pumping
equipment therein.

(B) Liability and property damage insurance, including vehicular coverage.

(C) Malpractice insurance. The need and requirements for malpractice insurance
will be carefully and thoroughly considered in connection with each health care
facility financed.

(D) Flood insurance. Facilities located in special flood- and mudslide-prone
areas must comply with the eligibility and insurance requirements of subpart B
of part 1806 of this chapter (RD Instruction 426.2).

(E) Worker's compensation. The borrower will carry worker's compensation
insurance for employees in accordance with State laws.

* * * * *
§ 1942.18 [Amended]

163.Amend § 1942.18 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "
Rural Development" in its place wherever it occurs in the following places:

i. Paragraph (b);

ii. Paragraph (c);

iii. Paragraphs (d) introductory text, (d)(4), and (d)(11);

iv. Paragraph(e)(2);

v. Paragraphs(f)(1) introductory text, (f)(1)(iii)(C), (f)(5), and (f)(6);

vi. Paragraph (g);

vii. Paragraph (h);

viii. Paragraphs (j)(1) introductory text, (j)(2), and (j)(5)(iv);

ix. Paragraph (k)(5);

x. Paragraphs (m) introductory text, (m)(1) introductory text, (m)(2), and
(m)(4);

xi. Paragraphs (n) introductory text, (n)(5), (n)(6), (n)(8), (n)(9), and
(n)(11); and

xii. Paragraphs (o)(2) introductory text, (o)(2)(iii) introductory text,
(o)(2)(iii)(B), (o)(4)(iv), (o)(6), (o)(7)(i) introductory text, and (o)(7)(iii)
introductory text;

b. In paragraph (d)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (d)(1)(i):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 offices" and
adding "Rural Development offices" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
eligibility" and adding "the Rural Development's eligibility" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d)(16), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "Rural Development will" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's State" and adding "
Rural Development's State" in its place;

e. In paragraph (e)(1):

i. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (f) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 review" and
adding "Rural Development review" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Rural Development loan" in its place; and

v. Removing "pledged to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "pledged to Rural Development" in its place;

g. In paragraphs (f)(1)(iii)(B)(2) and(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (n)(3):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "acting through the Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "acting through Rural Development"
in its place;

i. In paragraph (o)(1), removing "where FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "where Rural Development" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

j. In paragraph (o)(3):

i. Removing "made by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "made by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 for
acceptance" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development for acceptance" in
its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iv. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from Rural Development" in its place;

k. In paragraph (o)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 State" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development State" in its
place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Form RD" in its place;

l. In paragraph (o)(7)(i)(C), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place; and

m. In paragraph (o)(7)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and adding "the Rural
Development State" in its place.
§ 1942.19 [Amended]

164.Amend § 1942.19 by:

a. In the following paragraphs, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place:

i. Paragraphs (b)(1), (b)(2) introductory text, (b)(2)(iv), and (b)(2)(vi);

ii. Paragraph (c)(11);

iii. Paragraph (d);

iv. Paragraphs (e) introductory text and (e)(2)(i) through (e)(2)(iii);

v. Paragraph (f);

vi. Paragraph (g) introductory text; and

vii. Paragraphs (h)(1), (h)(4), (h)(7), (h)(9), (h)(10)(ii), and (h)(10)(iii).

b. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place and removing "discusesd" and adding "discussed" in its place;

c. In paragraph (e)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (e)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 advance" and adding "
Rural Development advance" in its place;

e. In paragraph (h)(2):

i. Removing "purchased by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "purchased by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "address of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "address of Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State
Office" and adding "Rural Development State Office" in its place;

f. In paragraph (h)(10)(iv), removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (h)(11)(iii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

h. In paragraph (i):

i. Removing "Bidding by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Bidding by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will not"
and adding "Rural Development will not" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's rates"
and adding "Rural Development's rates" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will
negotiate" and adding "Rural Development will negotiate" in its place.
§ 1942.20 [Amended]

165.Amend § 1942.20 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354";

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Agency's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(12), removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354--Department of Agriculture Pertaining to EDA
Public Works Projects Assisted by an FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Loan" and adding "Department of Agriculture Pertaining to EDA Public
Works Projects Assisted by an Agency Loan" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(13), removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354-";

e. In paragraphs (a)(18) and (a)(20), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

f. In paragraph (a)(25), removing "EPA and FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Environmental Protection Agency and the Agency"
in its place; and

g. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place.
Subpart C--Fire and Rescue and Other Small Community Facilities Projects Back to
Top
§ 1942.102 [Amended]

166.Amend § 1942.102 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "RD's" in its place.
§ 1942.105 [Amended]

167.Amend § 1942.105 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.107 [Amended]

168.Amend § 1942.107(c) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 funds" and adding "Agency funds" in its place and by removing "by
Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by RD" in its place.
§ 1942.108 [Amended]

169.Amend § 1942.108(c) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.112 [Amended]

170.Amend § 1942.112 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 approval" and adding "Agency approval" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines" and
adding "RD determines" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (a)(3)(iii) and (a)(3)(iv), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (a)(3)(v):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may
authorize" and adding "RD may authorize" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
authorization" and adding "RD's authorization" in its place;

iii. Removing "and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
authorization" and adding "and Agency authorization" in its place; and

iv. Removing "without FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
approval" and adding "without Agency approval" in its place.
§ 1942.114 [Amended]

171.Amend § 1942.114 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1942.115 [Amended]

172.Amend § 1942.115 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 may require" and adding "RD may require" in its place and by removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employee" and adding
"Agency employee" in its place.
§ 1942.116 [Amended]

173.Amend § 1942.116 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (a) and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.122 [Amended]

174.Amend § 1942.122 by:

a. In the heading of paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.123 [Amended]

175.Amend § 1942.123 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(1) and (i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (k):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
and adding "Agency personnel" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "RD office" in its place.
§ 1942.126 [Amended]

176.Amend § 1942.126 by:

a. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 may" and adding "RD may" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "RD office" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 concurrence" and adding "Agency concurrence" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and adding "RD may"
in its place;

d. In paragraphs (b)(3), (c), and (d)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 for approval"
and adding "RD for approval" in its place;

ii. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "approved by RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District"
and adding "Agency District" in its place;

f. In paragraph (h) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraph (k), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (l)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "RD will" in its place and removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (l)(2), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "to RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 funds" and adding "Agency funds" in its place;

j. In paragraph (l)(2)(iii) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

k. In paragraph (l)(2)(iii)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

l. In paragraph (l)(3) introductory text:

i. Removing "or FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "or RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "inspector to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "inspector to RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District"
and adding "Agency District" in its place;

iv. Removing "guide 11" and adding "Guide 11" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

vi. Removing "Inspections by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Inspections by RD" in its place;

m. In paragraph (l)(4), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State Director" and adding "Agency
State Director" in its place;

n. In paragraphs (l)(5) and (l)(6)(i) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in
its place;

o. In paragraph (l)(6)(i)(C), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "RD's" in its place; and

p. In paragraph (l)(6)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District" and adding "Agency District"
in its place; and

q. In paragraph (l)(6)(iii) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1942.127 [Amended]

177.Amend § 1942.127 by:

a. In paragraph (e)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by RD" in
its place; and

b. In paragraph (e)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 loan" and adding "Agency loan" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and adding "RD may" in its place.

§ 1942.128 [Amended]

178.Amend § 1942.128(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.134 [Amended]

179.Amend § 1942.134 introductory text by removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place and by removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 Office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its
place.
Subpart G--Rural Business Enterprise Grants and Television Demonstration Grants
Back to Top
§ 1942.301 [Amended]

180.Amend § 1942.301 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever they occur and adding "Agency" in their
place.
§§ 1942.302. 1942.303, and 1942.304 [Amended]

181.Amend §§ 1942.302, 1942.303, and 1942.304 by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its
place.

182.In addition to the amendments set forth above, in § 1942.304, revise the
definition of "Rural and Rural Area" to read as follows:
§ 1942.304 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural and Rural Area. Any area other than a city or town that has a population
of greater than 50,000 inhabitants and the urbanized area contiguous and
adjacent to such a city or town. The population figure is obtained from the most
recent decennial Census. If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained
from the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable
population figure based on available population data.

* * * * *
§ 1942.305 [Amended]

183.Amend § 1942.305 by:

a. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (b)(3)(iv)(A), (b)(3)(iv)(C), (b)(3)(iv)(E), and (b)(3)(v),
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD"
in its place.
§ 1942.306 [Amended]

184.Amend § 1942.306(c) by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 grant" and
adding "Agency grant" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Agency loan" in its place; and

c. Removing "with FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "with RD" in its place.
§ 1942.308 [Amended]

185.Amend § 1942.308 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 assistance"
and adding "Agency assistance" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "RD has" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
regulations" and adding "Agency regulations" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (d):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 for" and
adding "RD for" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Agency State" in its place.
§ 1942.310 [Amended]

186.Amend § 1942.310 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "When FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "When RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "no FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "no Agency" in its place;

iii. Removing "unless FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "unless RD" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 shall" and
adding "RD shall" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "RD will" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "RD's" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(4):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "RD will" in its place;

iii. Removing "Forms FmHA" and adding "Forms RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" wherever
it occurs and adding "RD's" in its place;

v. Removing "prior to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "prior to RD" in its place; and

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and
adding "RD may" in its place;

e. In paragraph (c)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (c)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(3):

i. Removing "applicant to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "applicant to RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 National"
and adding "Agency National" in its place; and

iii. Removing "provided FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "provided RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (c)(4):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 grant" and
adding "Agency grant" in its place;

ii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from RD" in its place.
§§ 1942.311 and 1942.313 [Amended]

187.Amend §§ 1942.311(b) and 1942.313(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.315 [Amended]

188.Amend § 1942.315(b) by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1942.316 [Amended]

189.Amend § 1942.316(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
PART 1944--HOUSING Back to Top

190.The authority citation for part 1944 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart B--Housing Application Packaging Grants Back to Top
§ 1944.51 [Amended]

191.Amend § 1944.51 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in their place.
§§ 1944.52 and 1944.53 [Amended]

192.Amend §§ 1944.52 and 1944.53 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.

193.In addition to the amendments set forth above, in § 1944.52, revise the
definition of "Designated counties" to read as follows:
§ 1944.52 Definitions.

* * * * *

Designated counties. These counties are listed in exhibit D of this subpart. The
counties meet the following criteria:

(1) Twenty percent or more of the county population is at or below the poverty
level based on the most recent 5-year survey of the American Community Survey of
the Census Bureau or other Census Bureau data if needed; and

(2) Ten percent or more of the occupied housing units are substandard based on
the most recent decennial Census of the United States.

* * * * *
§ 1944.71 [Amended]

194.Amend § 1944.71(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1944.73 [Amended]

195.Amend § 1944.73 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text:

i. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
and adding "a Rural Development office" in its place;

ii. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
and adding "the Rural Development office" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
and adding "any Rural Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in
its place; and

d. In paragraphs (b) and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
Subpart I--Self-Help Technical Assistance Grants Back to Top
§ 1944.401 [Amended]

196.Amend § 1944.401 by removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place and by removing "an
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "a Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1944.402 [Amended]

197.Amend § 1944.402 introductory text by removing "Farmers Home Administration
(FmHA) or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1944.403, 1944.404, 1944.415, 1944.416, 1944.419, 1944.422, and 1944.426
[Amended]

198.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1944.403;

b. Section 1944.404;

c. Section 1944.415;

d. Section 1944.416;

e. Section 1944.419;

f. Section 1944.422; and

g. Section 1944.426.
§ 1944.410 [Amended]

199.Amend § 1944.410 by:

a. In paragraphs (b)(1)(ii) and (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (e)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.411 [Amended]

200.Amend § 1944.411 by:

a. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.412 [Amended]

201.Amend § 1944.412 by removing "FmHA" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in
its place.
§ 1944.413 [Amended]

202.Amend § 1944.413 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1944.417 [Amended]

203.Amend § 1944.417 by:

a. In the introductory text to the section, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2)(i), and (a)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (b) introductory text, (b)(1)(ii), and (b)(2), removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.423 [Amended]

204.Amend § 1944.423 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" wherever
it occurs and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. Removing "only FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 can" and
adding "only Rural Development can" in its place; and

c. Removing "with FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 in the"
and adding "with Rural Development in the" in its place.
§ 1944.425 [Amended]

205.Amend § 1944.425 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
Subpart K--Technical and Supervisory Assistance Grants Back to Top
§ 1944.501 [Amended]

206.Amend § 1944.501 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 employee" and adding "Rural Development employee" in its place and
removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employee" and
adding "a Rural Development employee" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "The Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1944.502 [Amended]

207.Amend § 1944.502 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text, (a)(1), and (b), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 resources" and adding "Rural
Development resources" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1944.506, 1944.510, 1944.512, 1944.514, 1944.516, 1944.520, 1944.525,
1944.529, 1944.538, 1944.541, 1944.543, 1944.547, and 1944.549 [Amended]

208.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1944.506;

b. Section 1944.510;

c. Section 1944.512;

d. Section 1944.514;

e. Section 1944.516;

f. Section 1944.520;

g. Section 1944.525;

h. Section 1944.529;

i. Section 1944.538;

j. Section 1944.541;

k. Section 1944.543;

l. Section 1944.547; and

m. Section 1944.549.
§ 1944.526 [Amended]

209.Amend § 1944.526 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2)(i)(E), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (a)(5) and (c)(1)(i), removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its
place.
§ 1944.531 [Amended]

210.Amend § 1944.531 by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and by
removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" from
paragraph (c)(13) and adding "by Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.533 [Amended]

211.Amend § 1944.533 by:

a. In paragraphs (c), (d), (f)(1), (f)(2) introductory text, (f)(2)(iii),
(f)(2)(iv), (f)(4) introductory text, (f)(4)(i), and (f)(6), removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever its occurs and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place and removing "Director of Information in the
National Office" and adding "Director, Legislative and Public Affairs Staff
(LAPAS), in the Rural Development National Office" in its place;

c. In paragraph (f)(4)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (f)(5), removing "LAPIS" wherever it occurs and adding "LAPAS"
in its place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1944.535 [Amended]

212.Amend § 1944.535 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (b), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Appeal" and adding "Rural Development Appeal" in its place.
§ 1944.536 [Amended]

213.Amend § 1944.536 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 determines" and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place and
by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1944.540 [Amended]

214.Amend § 1944.540 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.545 [Amended]

215.Amend § 1944.545 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 440-1" and adding "RD 1940-1" in its place.
§ 1944.548 [Amended]

216.Amend § 1944.548 by:

a. In the section heading, in paragraph (a), and in paragraph (b) introductory
text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place.
Subpart N--Housing Preservation Grants Back to Top
§ 1944.654 [Amended]

217.Amend § 1944.654 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA Instruction" wherever it occurs and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in
its place and removing "any Agency office" and adding "any Rural Development
office" in its place.
§ 1944.657 [Amended]

218.Amend § 1944.657 by removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
§ 1944.658 [Amended]

219.Amend § 1944.658(a)(3) by removing "or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs.
§§ 1944.660, 1944.663, 1944.664, 1944.666, 1944.668, 1944.671, 1944.674,
1944.678, 1944.679, 1944.681, 1944.683, 1944.684, and 1944.689 [Amended]

220.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1944.660 section heading and paragraph (a);

b. Section 1944.663(a)(7) and (a)(8);

c. Section 1944.664(c)(10)(ii);

d. Section 1944.666(a)(2), (b)(5), and (c);

e. Section 1944.668;

f. Section 1944.671(b) introductory text and paragraphs (b)(2) and (c);

g. Section 1944.674(b) and (c);

h. Section 1944.678;

i. Section 1944.679(b) introductory text and paragraph (b)(4);

j. Section 1944.681;

k. Section 1944.683(a), (b) introductory text, (c), and (d);

l. Section 1944.684 (a), (b) introductory text, (b)(2), (c), and (d); and

m. Section 1944.689(b).
§ 1944.672 [Amended]

221.Amend § 1944.672 by:

a. In paragraphs (c) and (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (e)(3):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
environmental" and adding "Rural Development's environmental" in its place; and

ii. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
environmental" and adding "a Rural Development environmental" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.673 [Amended]

222.Amend § 1944.673 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "Rural Development has" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.676 [Amended]

223.Amend § 1944.676 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "appropriate FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "appropriate Rural Development" in its place and
removing "any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and
adding "any Rural Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b) introductory text, (b)(1)(iv), and (b)(1)(xii), removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(1)(iii):

i. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(1)(x), removing "Rural Development or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354";

e. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development
office" in its place;

f. In paragraph (d)(4), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

g. In paragraph (d)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place and removing
"to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural
Development" in its place;

h. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

i. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1944.682 [Amended]

224.Amend § 1944.682 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines"
and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iv. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "by Rural Development" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.688 [Amended]

225.Amend § 1944.688 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's appeal" and adding "Rural Development's appeal" in its place.
§ 1944.690 [Amended]

226.Amend § 1944.690 by removing "Administrator of FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development (or
designee)" in its place.
PART 1948--RURAL DEVELOPMENT Back to Top

227.The authority citation for part 1948 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932 note.
Subpart B--Section 601 Energy Impacted Area Development Assistance Back to Top
§ 1948.51 [Amended]

228.Amend § 1948.51 by:

a. Removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place; and

c. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "a Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1948.53, 1948.56, 1948.60, 1948.62, 1948.68, 1948.70, 1948.81, 1948.86,
1948.88, 1948.91, 1948.94, and 1948.95 [Amended]

229.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1948.53;

b. Section 1948.56;

c. Section 1948.60;

d. Section 1948.62(b);

e. Section 1948.68(g);

f. Section 1948.70(b);

g. Section 1948.81(a) and (b);

h. Section 1948.86(a)(1) and (a)(2);

i. Section 1948.88;

j. Section 1948.91;

k. Section 1948.94(a) introductory text and (b); and

l. Section 1948.95.

230.Revise § 1948.61 introductory text to read as follows:
§ 1948.61 State supplements and guides.

Rural Development State Directors will obtain National Office clearance for all
State supplements and guides in accordance with paragraph VIII of RD Instruction
2006-B, (available in any Rural Development office).

* * * * *
§ 1948.70 [Amended]

231.Amend § 1948.70(c) by removing "Administrator of FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1948.79 [Amended]

232.Amend § 1948.79 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph (a);

ii. Paragraph (c) introductory text;

iii. Paragraph (e) introductory text;

iv. Paragraph (f);

v. Paragraph (g);

vi. Paragraph (h) introductory text;

vii. Paragraph (i);

viii. Paragraph (j);

ix. Paragraphs (k) introductory text and (k)(12);

b. In paragraph (c)(4), removing "Forms FmHA" and adding "Form RD" in its place
and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (k)(8), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 440-1" and adding "RD 1940-1" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (k)(9) and (k)(10), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1948.81 [Amended]

233.Amend § 1948.81(d) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 State" and adding "Rural Development State" in its place and by
removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1948.82 [Amended]

234.Amend § 1948.82 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraphs (a) introductory text and (a)(10);

ii. Paragraph (c);

iii. Paragraph (d);

iv. Paragraph (e);

v. Paragraphs (f) introductory text, (f)(1), and (f)(2);

vi. Paragraph (g);

vii. Paragraph (h); and

viii. Paragraph (m).

b. In paragraph (i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 National" and adding "Rural Development State" in its place and removing
"Administrator" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (j), removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354, the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
State" and adding "Under Secretrary for Rural Development, the Rural Development
State" in its place;

d. In paragraph (k), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Stae" and adding "Rural Development State" in its place and removing
"Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Under Secretrary for Rural Development" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (l), removing "Administrator of FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in
its place.
§§ 1948.83 and 1948.97 [Amended]

235.Amend §§ 1948.83 and 1948.97 by removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its
place.
§ 1948.84 [Amended]

236.Amend § 1948.84 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "
Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph (a);

ii. Paragraph (d) introductory text;

iii. Paragraphs (e) introductory text and (e)(1);

iv. Paragraph (f);

v. Paragraph (g);

vi. Paragraph (h) introductory text;

vii. Paragraph (i) introductory text; and

viii. Paragraphs (i)(14) and (i)(17).

b. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "The Rural Development office" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District"
and adding "Rural Development District" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "the Rural Development State" in its place; and

iv. Removing "the time the AD-622" and adding "the time the Form AD-622" in its
place;

c. In paragraphs (d)(2) and (d)(8), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d)(9), removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 400-1 and Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 400-4" and adding "Form RD 400-1 and Form RD 400-4" in its place;

e. In paragraph (i)(10), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 440-1" and adding "RD 1940-1" in its place;

f. In paragraph (i)(11), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (i)(12), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 400" and adding "RD 400-4" in its place; and

h. In paragraph (i)(13), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1948.89 [Amended]

237.Amend § 1948.89 by:

a. In the heading of the section and in paragraph (a) introductory text,
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State"
wherever it occurs and adding "the Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "for FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "for Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "Administrator" and adding "Under Secretary for
Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in
its place; and

e. In paragraphs (a)(4), (a)(5), and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1948.90 [Amended]

238.Amend § 1948.90 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text and (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2):

i. Removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (a)(3), (b)(2), (b)(3), and (b)(5), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1948.92 [Amended]

239.Amend § 1948.92 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (d) and (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 440-1" and adding "RD 1940-1" in its place;

d. In paragraph (f):

i. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Director of Information, Farmers Home Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Director, Legislative and
Public Affairs Staff (LAPAS), in the Rural Development National Office" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (g)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (g)(4), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and adding "Rural
Development State" in its place;

g. In paragraph (g)(6), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 440-1" and adding "Form RD 1940-1" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 National" and adding "Rural
Development National" in its place;

h. In paragraph (g)(7), removing "Director of Information in the FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 National Office" and adding "Director,
LAPAS, in the Rural Development National Office" in its place;

i. In paragraph (g)(10), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (g)(11):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "Director, Legislative Affairs and Public Information Staff
(LAPIS)" and adding "Director, LAPAS" in its place;

iii. Removing "LAPIS" wherever it occurs and adding "LAPAS" in its place; and

iv. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1948.93 [Amended]

240.Amend § 1948.93 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place and by
removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place.
§ 1948.94 [Amended]

241.Amend § 1948.94 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA Instruction 402.1 (available in any FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office)" and adding "RD
Instruction 1902-A (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place and
removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"to Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1948.96 [Amended]

242.Amend § 1948.96 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
PART 1950--GENERAL Back to Top
Subpart C--Servicing Accounts of Borrowers Entering the Armed Forces Back to Top

243.The authority citation for subpart C of part 1950 continues to read as
follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; and 42 U.S.C. 1480.
§ 1950.101 [Amended]

244.Amend § 1950.101 by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354)" and adding "Rural Development" in its place and by removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations" and adding "Rural
Development regulations" in its place.
§ 1950.102 [Amended]

245.Amend § 1950.102(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 will" and adding "Rural Development will" in its place and by
removing "policy FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "policy of Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1950.103 [Amended]

246.Amend § 1950.103 by:

a. In the section heading, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 loan" and adding "government loan" in its place and removing "borrower
and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "borrower
and Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place and removing "Address
or Name" and adding "Address, Name, Case Number, or Loan Number" in its place.
§ 1950.104 [Amended]

247.Amend § 1950.104 by:

a. In the section heading, introductory text, and paragraph (a), removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development"
in its place;

b. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1950.105 [Amended]

248.Amend § 1950.105(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
PART 1951--SERVICING AND COLLECTIONS Back to Top

249.The authority citation for part 1951 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932 note; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 31 U.S.C. 3716; 42 U.S.C. 1480.

Subpart A--Account Servicing Policies Back to Top
§ 1951.2 [Amended]

250.Amend § 1951.2 by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354)" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1951.3 [Amended]

251.Amend § 1951.3 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1951.7 [Amended]

252.Amend § 1951.7 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b)(4)(i), (c), and (d)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 borrowers will be maintained in the County Office on Forms FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1905-1, FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 1905-5, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 1905-10, "Management System Card-Association," as provided in FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction 1905-A (available in
any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office)" and adding
"Agency borrowers will be maintained in the County Office as provided in RD
Instruction 1905-A (available in any Agency office)" in its place;

d. In paragraph (h) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

e. In paragraphs (h)(1) and (h)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

f. In paragraph (h)(3):

i. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Forms RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "copy(ies) of Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "copy(ies) of Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "; a copy of Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 1951-58, "Basis for Loan Account Payment Application for Farmer Program
Loans;".
§ 1951.8 [Amended]

253.Amend § 1951.8(b)(3) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1951.9 [Amended]

254.Amend § 1951.9 by:

a. In the section heading, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

b. In the introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

e. In paragraphs (a)(1)(ii), (a)(1)(iii), (a)(1)(iv), (a)(2), and (b), removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and
adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1951.10 [Amended]

255.Amend § 1951.10 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (a)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1951.11 [Amended]

256.Amend § 1951.11 by:

a. In paragraph (d)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

b. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.12 [Amended]

257.Amend § 1951.12 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 loan" and adding "Agency loan" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (c)(1) and (c)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.14 [Amended]

258.Amend § 1951.14(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1951.25 [Amended]

259.Amend § 1951.25(b)(2)(ii) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.

260.Revise Exhibit A to subpart A of 7 CFR part 1951 to read as follows:
Exhibit A to Subpart A of Part 1951--Notice to Agency Borrowers Back to Top

Agency borrowers with community program loan types made under the Consolidated
Farm and Rural Development Act may request a loan summary statement which shows
the calendar year account activity for each loan. Interested borrowers may
request these statements through their local Rural Development office.
Subpart D--Final Payment of Loans Back to Top
§ 1951.153 [Amended]

261.Amend § 1951.153(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1951.154 [Amended]

262.Amend § 1951.154 by removing in paragraph (a) "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place and by removing in
paragraph (c) "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"RD" in its place.
§ 1951.155 [Amended]

263.Amend § 1951.155 by:

a. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "RD will" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c) introductory text and paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(2):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will"
wherever it occurs and adding "RD will" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 is" and
adding "RD is" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 can" and
adding "RD can" in its place;

d. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 may" and adding "RD may" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD
Instruction" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "RD will" in its place and removing "by FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by RD" in its place.
Subpart E--Servicing of Community and Direct Business Programs Loans and Grants
Back to Top
§ 1951.201 [Amended]

264.Amend § 1951.201 by removing "loans for Grazing and other shift-in-land-use
projects;" and "Association Irrigation and Drainage loans;" and by removing "and
the Farm Service Agency" and adding "and the Rural Housing Service" in its
place.
§ 1951.202 [Amended]

265.Amend § 1951.202 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and by removing "by
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1951.203 [Amended]

266.Amend § 1951.203(h) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.207 [Amended]

267.Amend § 1951.207 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1951.211, 1951.215, and 1951.216 [Amended]

268.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1951.211;

b. Section 1951.215 introductory text and (a)(2); and

c. Section 1951.216.
§ 1951.220 [Amended]

269.Amend § 1951.220 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural
Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 1951-9" and "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 1951-9" and adding "Form RD 1951-9" in their place;

f. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

h. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

i. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

j. In paragraph (e)(2)(v), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

k. In paragraph (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 as" and adding "Rural Development
as" in its place; and

l. In paragraphs (g) and (h)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.221 [Amended]

270.Amend § 1951.221 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(2)(i)(A), (a)(2)(i)(B), and (a)(2)(i)(C), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(3) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (a)(3)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.222 [Amended]

271.Amend § 1951.222 by:

a. In the introductory text and in paragraphs (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), and
(a)(9), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherver
it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (c)(1) and (c)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(7), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.223 [Amended]

272.Amend § 1951.223 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's security" and adding "Rural Development's security" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 approval" and
adding "Rural Development approval" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (c)(3), (c)(4) introductory text, (c)(4)(i), (c)(4)(ii), and
(c)(4)(iv), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.224 [Amended]

273.Amend § 1951.224 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(1)(iii), (a)(1)(v), and (a)(2)(v), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(2), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (b)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 consent" and adding "Rural Development consent" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

f. In paragraph (e)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.225 [Amended]

274.Amend § 1951.225 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.226 [Amended]

275.Amend § 1951.226 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(4)(i), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(4)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(5)(i), removing "on FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "on Rural Development" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's advantage" and adding "
Rural Development's advantage" in its place;

f. In paragraphs (b)(5)(ii) and (b)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (c)(1)(iv) through (vii), (c)(2)(i), and (c)(2)(ii), removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs
and adding "Form RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (d)(1) "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its
place;

k. In paragraph (d)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

l. In paragraph (d)(2)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.227 [Amended]

276.Amend § 1951.227 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
§ 1951.230 [Amended]

277.Amend § 1951.230 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's security" and adding "Rural Development's security" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 program" and
adding "Rural Development program" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (a)(3), (a)(4), and (a)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(7), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "to FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in
its place;

e. In paragraph (a)(8), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (a)(9), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 debt" and adding "Rural Development debt" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs
and adding "Form RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (a)(12), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (b) introductory text and (b)(5), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

i. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

k. In paragraph (c)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

l. In paragraph (d) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

m. In paragraph (d)(1)(i):

i. Removing "non-FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
personnel" and adding "non-Rural Development personnel" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

n. In paragraph (d)(1)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

o. In paragraph (d)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

p. In paragraph (d)(5), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

q. In paragraphs (e)(1) and (e)(2)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

r. In paragraph (f)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" wherever it occurs and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

s. In paragraph (f)(5), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "approval by FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "approval by Rural
Development" in its place;

t. In paragraphs (f)(6), (f)(7)(i), and (f)(7)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

u. In paragraph (f)(8), removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place;

v. In paragraph (f)(9), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

w. In paragraph (f)(11), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

x. In paragraphs (f)(12) and (f)(14), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

y. In paragraph (f)(15), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.231 [Amended]

278.Amend § 1951.231 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(1)(i), (v), and (vii), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1)(vi), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (a)(2), (3), and (4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

e. In paragraphs (c)(3) and (4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (d) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

g. In paragraph (d)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and removing "debt to
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "debt to Rural
Development" in its place.
§§ 1951.232, 1951.240, and 1951.241 [Amended]

279.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1951.232;

b. Section 1951.240; and

c. Section 1951.241.
Subpart F--Analyzing Credit Needs and Graduation of Borrowers Back to Top
§ 1951.264 [Amended]

280.Amend § 1951.264(a)(2) by removing "1951-F-5" and adding "1951-5" in its
place.
Exhibit B to Subpart F [Amended] Back to Top

281.In Exhibit B to subpart F, paragraph 15, removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and
removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"by Rural Development" in its place.
Subpart R--Rural Development Loan Servicing Back to Top
§ 1951.851 [Amended]

282.Amend § 1951.851 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354)" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.852 [Amended]

283.Amend § 1951.852(a)(1), (a)(2), and (a)(9) by removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development loan" in its place.
§§ 1951.866, 1951.883, and 1951.896 [Amended]

284.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1951.866;

b. Section 1951.883; and

c. Section 1951.896.
§ 1951.881 [Amended]

285.Amend § 1951.881 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (d):

i. Removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Administrator" and adding "the Rural Development Under Secretary" in its place;
and

c. In paragraph (e)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.884 [Amended]

286.Amend § 1951.884 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.885 [Amended]

287.Amend § 1951.885 by:

a. In the introductory text and in paragraphs (a)(2), and (b), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "
Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "expose FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "expose Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place; and

iii. Removing "which FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "which Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.889 [Amended]

288.Amend § 1951.889 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 case nunber" and adding "Rural Development case number" in its place.
§ 1951.890 [Amended]

289.Amend § 1951.890 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

d. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 and" and
adding "Rural Development and" in its place; and

e. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 staff" and
adding "Rural Development staff" in its place.
§ 1951.891 [Amended]

290.Amend § 1951.891 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text:

i. Removing "that FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "that Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Should the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Should Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "interests of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "interests of Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and
adding "Rural Development may" in its place;

b. in paragraph (a)(2), removing "as FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "as Rural Development" in its place and removing "by the
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by Rural
Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (a)(3), (e), and (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place.
PART 1955--PROPERTY MANAGEMENT Back to Top

291.The authority citation for part 1955 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--Liquidation of Loans Secured by Real Estate and Acquisition of Real
and Chattel Property Back to Top
§ 1955.2 [Amended]

292.Amend § 1955.2 by removing "property to FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "property to Rural Development" in its place and
removing "conveyance to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "conveyance to Rural Development and" in its place.
§ 1955.3 [Amended]

293.Amend § 1955.3 by:

a. In the definition of `CONACT or CONACT property', removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the government" in its
place;

b. In the definition of `Government', removing "Farmers Home Administration or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354)," and adding "RBS, RHS, and RUS of the" in its place
and removing "used interchangeably herein with "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354."; and

c. In the definition of `Prior lien', removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 security" and adding "Rural Development security" in
its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
`" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1955.5 [Amended]

294.Amend § 1955.5 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d), removing "(available in any FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office)" and removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1955.10 [Amended]

295.Amend § 1955.10 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. The introductory text;

ii. The heading of paragraph (c);

iii. Paragraph (f) introductory text;

iv. Paragraphs (f)(1) introductory text, (f)(1)(i)(A), (f)(1)(i)(B), (f)(1)(ii),
and (f)(1)(iii);

v. Paragraph (g)(1); and

vi. Paragraphs (h)(1), (h)(2), and (h)(5);

b. In paragraph (a)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 liens" and
adding "Rural Development liens" in its place;

ii. Removing "made by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "made by Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "An FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
official" and adding "A Rural Development official" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), and (d)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (e):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "qualified FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "qualified Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "outside FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "outside Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

f. In paragraphs (h)(4)(i) and (h)(4)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place.
§§ 1955.11 and 1955.12 [Amended]

296.Amend §§ 1955.11 and 1955.12 by removing in their section headings and
wherever else it occurs "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.15 [Amended]

297.Amend § 1955.15 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. The introductory text;

ii. Paragraph (a)(2)(i);

iii. Paragraph (d)(2)(v);

iv. Paragraph (d)(3)(i)(A);

v. Paragraph (d)(6)(i) introductory text;

vi. Paragraphs (f)(1)(i)(C) and (D),

vii. Paragraphs (f)(5)(i)(A) and (B);

viii. Paragraph (f)(5)(ii); and

ix. Paragraphs (f)(7)(i) and (ii).

b. In paragraph (b) introductory text:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

iv. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Forms RD" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan
servicing" and adding "Rural Development loan servicing" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the government" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d)(1):

i. Removing "whether FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "whether Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan(s)" and
adding "Rural Development loan(s)" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's position"
and adding "Rural Development's position" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 Guide Letters" and adding "Guide Letters" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

f. In paragraphs (d)(4), (e)(2), and (f)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (f)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place;

h. In paragraph (f)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (f)(6):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" wherever
it occurs and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

ii. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 borrower"
and adding "a Rural Development borrower" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 debt" and
adding "Rural Development debt" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines"
and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place;

v. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 appraiser"
and adding "a Rural Development appraiser" in its place;

vi. Removing "outside FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "outside Rural Development" in its place;

vii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

viii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (f)(7) introductory text, removing "an FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 employee" wherever it occurs and adding "a Rural
Development employee" in its place.
§ 1955.18 [Amended]

298.Amend § 1955.18 by:

a. In paragraph (e)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.

c. In paragraph (e)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (e)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

e. In paragraph (e)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

f. In paragraph (e)(4) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.20 [Amended]

299.Amend § 1955.20 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (b)(2):

i. Removing "chattels to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "chattels to Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (b)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

i. In paragraph (d):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "outside FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "outside Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (f)(1) introductory text, removing "an FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place;

k. In paragraphs (f)(1)(ii), and (f)(2)(i), (ii), and (iii), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

l. In paragraph (f)(2)(v), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

m. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

n. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;
§ 1955.22 [Amended]

300.Amend § 1955.22 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 officials"
and adding "Rural Development officials" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD instruction" in its place; and

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
Subpart B--Management of Property Back to Top
§ 1955.52 [Amended]

301.Amend § 1955.52 by removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "by the respective Agency" in its place and by removing
"Generally, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Generally, RHS" in its place.
§ 1955.53 [Amended]

302.Amend § 1955.53 as follows:

a. In the definition of `CONACT or CONACT property', remove "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and add "the respective Agency" in
its place;

b. In the definition of `Custodial property', remove "an FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and add "a Rural Development loan" in its
place and remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan has
taken" and add "the respective Agency has taken" in its place; and

c. In the definition of `Government', remove "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and add "the respective Agency" in its place.
§ 1955.55 [Amended]

303.Amend § 1955.55 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherevre it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph (b) introductory text;

ii. Paragraph (b)(2) introductory text;

iii. Paragraphs (c) introductory text and (c)(1);

iv. Paragraphs (f)(2)(i) and (ii), and (f)(3);

b. In paragraph (b)(2)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (f) introductory text:

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "through FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "through Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "if FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "if Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
§§ 1955.57, 1955.60, 1955.61, and 1955.82 [Amended]

304.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1955.57;

b. Section 1955.60;

c. Section 1955.61; and

d. Section 1955.82.
§ 1955.62 [Amended]

305.Amend § 1955.62 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 lien" and adding "a Rural Development lien" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official" and
adding "Rural Development official" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(1) and (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;
§ 1955.65 [Amended]

306.Amend § 1955.65 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354";

b. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(1):

i. Removing "which FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "which Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's approval"
and adding "Rural Development's approval" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (c)(2)(i), (ii), and (iii), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its
place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (c)(4):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
wherever it occurs and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in their place.
§ 1955.72 [Amended]

307.Amend § 1955.72(a) and (b) by removing "(available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office)".

308.Amend Exhibit A to subpart B of Part 1955 by revising the heading to read as
follows:
Exhibit A to Subpart B of Part 1955--Memorandum of Understanding Between the
Federal Emergency Management Agency and Rural Development Back to Top

* * * * *
Subpart C--Disposal of Inventory Property Back to Top
§ 1955.102 [Amended]

309.Amend § 1955.102 by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354s (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's)" and adding "the applicable" in its place.
§ 1955.103 [Amended]

310.Amend § 1955.103 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following definitions:

i. `Approval official';

ii. `Borrower';

iii. `Decent, safe, and sanitary (DSS) housing';

iv. `Eligible terms';

v. `Participating broker';

vi. `Program terms'; and

vii. `Regular sale';

b. In the definition of `CONACT or CONACT property', removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the respective Agency" in
its place;

c. In the definitions of `Ineligible terms' and `Nonprogram (NP) terms',
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "
Rural Development's" in its place;

d. In the definition of `Inventory property', removing "an FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and adding "a Rural Development loan" in
its place;

e. In the definition of `Nonprogram (NP) property', removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354"; and

f. Removing the definition of "Regular FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 sale", adding a definition for `Regular Agency sale' in alphabetical
order, and revising the definitions of `Suitable property' and `Surplus
property'. The revisions read as follows:
§ 1955.103 Definitions.

* * * * *

Regular Agency sale. Sale made by Rural Deveopment employees or real estate
brokers other than by sealed bid, auction, or negotiation.

* * * * *

Suitable property. Real property that could be used to carry out the objectives
of Rural Development's loan programs with financing provided through that
program.

Surplus property. Property that cannot be used to carry out the objectives of
financing available through the applicable loan program.
§§ 1955.104, 1955.112, 1955.113, 1955.121, 1955.128, 1955.132, 1955.134,
1955.136, and 1955.150 [Amended]

311.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1955.104;

b. Section 1955.112;

c. Section 1955.113;

d. Section 1955.121;

e. Section 1955.128;

f. Section 1955.132;

g. Section 1955.134;

h. Section 1955.136(a)(2); and

i. Section 1955.150.
§ 1955.105 [Amended]

312.Amend § 1955.105 by:

a. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Services"
and adding "RD Services" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (c) introductory text, (c)(1), (c)(3), and (d), removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development"
in its place.
§ 1955.109 [Amended]

313.Amend § 1955.109 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing the second and third sentences; and

b. In paragraphs (g) and (j), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1955.114 [Amended]

314.Amend § 1955.114 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text and (a)(1)(v), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "unless FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "unless Rural Development"
in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(3)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding Rural Development" in its place

e. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employee"
and adding "Rural Development employee" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

f. In paragraphs (c) introductroy text and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.115 [Amended]

315.Amend § 1955.115 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 DSS" and
adding "Rural Development DSS" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-35" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (a)(3), and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-35" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.116 [Amended]

316.Amend § 1955.116 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "which FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has"
and adding "which Rural Development has" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Contact FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Contact Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "through Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "through Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

d. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.117 [Amended]

317.Amend § 1955.117 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 sales" and adding "Rural
Development sales" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "The FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (e) and (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.118 [Amended]

318.Amend § 1955.118 by:

a. In paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(11), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (b)(7) and (b)(8)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.119 [Amended]

319.Amend § 1955.119 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development will" in its
place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines"
and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1955.120 [Amended]

320.Amend § 1955.120 by:

a. Removing "non-FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "non-Rural Development" in its place;

b. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

c. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

d. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official" and
adding "Rural Development official'' in its place.
§ 1955.122 [Amended]

321.Amend § 1955.122 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "of the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of the Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Form" and
adding "Rural Development Form" in its place; and

iv. Removing "in FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "in Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (f), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place;

f. In the undesignated paragraph following paragraph (f):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place.

322.Revise § 1955.123(a) to read as follows:
§ 1955.123 Sale procedures (chattel).

(a) Credit sales. Although cash sales are preferred in the sale of chattel,
credit sales may be used advantageously in the sale of chattels to eligible
purchasers and to facilitate sales of high-priced chattels. Credit sales to
eligible purchasers will be in accordance with the provisions of this chapter
for the appropriate program for which a loan would otherwise be made including
eligibility determinations. Preference will be given to a cash offer that is at
least * percent of the higher offer requiring credit. [*Refer to exhibit B of RD
Instruction 440.1 (available in any Rural Development office) for the current
percentage.] Credit sales made to ineligible purchasers will require not less
than a 10 percent downpayment with the remaining balance amortized over a period
not to exceed 5 years. The interest rate for ineligible purchasers of C&BP
chattel will be the current ineligible interest rate for C&BP property set forth
in Exhibit B of RD Instruction 440.1 (available in any Rural Development
office). District Directors and State Directors are authorized to approve or
disapprove sale of C&BP chattel on ineligible terms in accordance with the
respective type of program approval authorities in Exhibit E of Subpart A of
Part 1901 of this chapter (available in any Rural Development office). For other
than C&BP, credit sales to NP purchasers will be handled in accordance with
Subpart J of Part 1951 of this chapter.

* * * * *
§ 1955.124 [Amended]

323.Amend §§ 1955.124 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1955.127 [Amended]

324.Amend § 1955.127 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and by removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place.
§ 1955.130 [Amended]

325.Amend § 1955.130 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" wherever it occurs and adding
"Rural Development office" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and "Rural Development" in its
place;

g. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.

h. In paragraph (f)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

i. In paragraph (f)(3):

i. Removing "receiving FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "receiving Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "appropriate FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "appropriate Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 shall" and adding "Rural Development shall" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs
and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1955.131 [Amended]

326.Amend § 1955.131 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may not" and
adding "Rural Development may not" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official"
and adding "Rural Development official" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1955.133 [Amended]

327.Amend § 1955.133 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "if FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "if Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its
place; and

b. In paragraphs (b) and (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.135 [Amended]

328.Amend § 1955.135 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "Where FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Where Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "between Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
1955-45 or FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Forms RD 1955-45 or RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "paid by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "paid by Rural Development" in its place; and

v. Removing "proceeds FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "proceeds Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 credit" and adding "Rural Development credit" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural
Development's" in its place.
§ 1955.138 [Amended]

329.Amend § 1955.138 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1955.139 [Amended]

330.Amend § 1955.139 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(3)(iii), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3)(iv), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

c. In paragraphs (a)(3)(v) and (vi), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.144 [Amended]

331.Amend § 1955.144(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in their place.
§ 1955.146 [Amended]

332.Amend § 1955.146(a) by:

a. Removing "sold by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "sold by Rural Development" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
wherever it occurs and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

d. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1955-40
or FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Forms RD
1955-40 or RD" in its place;

f. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place; and

g. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may contract"
and adding "Rural Development may contract" in its place.
§ 1955.147 [Amended]

333.Amend § 1955.147 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "all FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "all Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "payable to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "payable to Rural Development" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (d) and (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
PART 1956--DEBT SETTLEMENT Back to Top

334.The authority citation for part 1956 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 31 U.S.C. 3711; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart C--Debt Settlement--Community and Business Programs Back to Top
§ 1956.102 [Amended]

335.Amend § 1956.102(a) by removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354)" and adding "the government" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel" and adding "Rural
Development personnel" in their place.

336.Revise § 1956.105(a), (f), (g), and (h) to read as follows:
§ 1956.105 Definitions.

(a) Settlement. The compromise, adjustment, cancellation, or chargeoff of a debt
owed to Rural Development. The term "settlement" is used for convenience in
referring to compromise, adjustment, cancellation, or chargeoff actions,
individually or collectively.

* * * * *

(f) Debtor. The borrower of loan funds under any of Rural Development programs
specified in § 1956.101.

(g) Security. All that serves as collateral for Rural Development loan(s),
including, but not limited to, revenues, tax levies, municipal bonds, and real
and chattel property.

(h) Servicing official. The Rural Development official who is primarily
responsible for servicing the account.

* * * * *
§§ 1956.109, 1956.110, 1956.130, 1956.138, 1956.142, and 1956.148 [Amended]

337.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "RD" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1956.109(f);

b. Section 1956.110;

c. Section 1956.130;

d. Section 1956.138;

e. Section 1956.142(f); and

f. Section 1956.148.
§ 1956.111 [Amended]

338.Amend § 1956.111 introductory text and paragraph (a) by removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place.
§ 1956.112 [Amended]

339.Amend § 1956.112(d) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1956.139 [Amended]

340.Amend § 1956.139 by:

a. In paragraph (d) introductory text:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "Compromise Offer--FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Compromise Offer--Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Adjustment Offer--FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Adjustment Offer--Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (d)(1) and (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1956.143 [Amended]

341.Amend § 1956.143 by:

a. In paragraph (a),

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following definitions:

A. `Debt writedown';

B. `Delinquent debtor';

C. `Eligibility'; and

D. `Operations review'; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place in the definition of `Net recovery
value';

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Devleopment office" in its place in the
following places:

i. Paragraph (b) introductory text;

ii. Paragraphs (c)(1), (c)(3)(ii)(B), and (c)(3)(iv)(E)(1);

iii. Paragraphs (e)(1) introductory text, (e)(1)(iii), (e)(2) introductory text,
and (e)(2)(ii)(A);

iv. Paragraphs (f)(1) and (2);

v. Paragraph (g)(1) introductory text; and

vi. Paragraph (h).

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraphs (b)(3), (b)(6), and (b)(8);

ii. Paragraphs (c)(3)(i)(A) and (c)(3)(ii)(C);

iii. Paragraphs (e)(1)(i), (e)(2)(i), and (e)(2)(ii)(B); and

iv. Paragraph (g)(1)(ii);

d. In paragraphs (b)(7) and (c)(3)(iv)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "to
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural
Development" in its place;

f. In paragraphs (c)(3)(ii)(B) and (c)(3)(iv)(B)(1), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD
Instruction" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(3)(iv)(G)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 approval" and adding "Rural
Development approval" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (d)(2), (f)(2), and (g)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's approval" and adding "Rural Development's approval" in its place
and removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (e)(2)(ii)(A):

i. Removing "pay FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "pay Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "inform FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "inform Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "pay off FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "pay off Rural Development" in its place;

k. In paragraph (f)(1):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 is" and
adding "Rural Development is" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

l. In paragraph (g)(1) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 becomes" and
adding "Rural Development becomes" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place; and

m. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 determines" and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place.

342.Revise § 1956.145 to read as follows:
§ 1956.145 Disposition of essential Rural Development records.

RD Instruction 2033-A (available in any Rural Development office) identifies an
"essential Rural Development record" as the original of any document or record
which provides evidence of indebtedness or obligation to RD and includes, but is
not limited to: promissory notes, assumption agreements and valuable documents,
such as bonds fully registered as to principal and interest.

(a) Essential Rural Development records evidencing debts settled by compromise,
completed adjustment or cancelled with application will be returned to the
debtor or to the debtors' legal representative. The appropriate legend, such as
"Satisfied by Approved Compromise," and the date of the final action will be
stamped or typed on the original document. This same information plus the date
the original document is returned to the debtor will be shown on a copy to be
placed in the debtor's case folder.

(b) Essential Rural Development records evidencing debts cancelled without
application will be placed in the debtor's case folder and disposed of pursuant
to RD Instruction 2033-A (available in any Rural Development office). However,
if the debtor requests the document(s), they must be stamped "Satisfied by
Approved Cancellation" and returned.

(c) Essential Rural Development records evidencing charged off debts will be
retained in the servicing office and will not be stamped or returned to the
debtor. They will be destroyed six years after chargeoff pursuant to RD
Instruction 2033-A (available in any Rural Development office).
§ 1956.147 [Amended]

343.Amend § 1956.147 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354";

c. In paragraph (b), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "owed FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "owed Rural Development"
in its place; and

d. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
PART 1957--ASSET SALES Back to Top

344.The authority citation for part 1957 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Pub. L. 99-509, sec 2001(b)(1).
Subpart A--Rural Housing Asset Sales Back to Top
§ 1957.1 [Amended]

345.Amend § 1957.1 by:

a. Removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Housing Service (RHS)" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "RHS" in its place; and

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"RHS's" in its place.
§§ 1957.2 and 1957.6 [Amended]

346.Amend §§ 1957.2 and 1957.6 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RHS" in its place.
PART 1962--PERSONAL PROPERTY Back to Top

347.The authority citation for part 1962 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--Servicing and Liquidation of Chattel Security Back to Top
§ 1962.1 [Amended]

348.Amend § 1962.1 by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354)" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.2 [Amended]

349.Amend § 1962.2 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.3 [Amended]

350.Amend § 1962.3 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.4 [Amended]

351.Amend § 1962.4 by:

a. In the definition of `Acquired chattel property,' removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the government" in its
place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following definitions:

i. `Basic security';

ii. `Criminal action';

iii. 'Default'; and

iv. `Liquidation'.

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place in the following definitions:

i. `Civil action' and

ii. `Repossed property'.

d. Removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in
the definition of `Normal income security'.
§§ 1962.6, 1962.16, 1962.26, 1962.27, 1962.34, 1962.41, 1962.44, and 1962.46
[Amended]

352.Remove "Form FmHA" and "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever they occur and adding "Form RD" in their place in the
following places:

a. Section 1962.6;

b. Section 1962.16;

c. Section 1962.26;

d. Section 1962.27(c) introductory text and (d);

e. Section 1962.34(b)(3);

f. Section 1962.41;

g. Section 1962.44; and

h. Section 1962.46.
§ 1962.8 [Amended]

353.Amend § 1962.8 by removing "protect FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "protect Rural Development" in its place and by
removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"a Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.17 [Amended]

354.Amend § 1962.17 by removing "Form FmHA" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place and by removing "The FmHA has" in paragraph (d)(2)(ii) and
adding "Rural Development has" in its place.
§ 1962.18 [Amended]

355.Amend § 1962.18 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 1962.1" and adding "the applicable Agency form" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b)(1), by:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1962-1"
and adding "the applicable Agency form" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 431-2" and
adding "RD 431-2" in its place; and

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.19 [Amended]

356.Amend § 1962.19 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 holds" and adding "Rural Development holds" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "
Rural Development's" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.27 [Amended]

357.Amend § 1962.27 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 has" and adding "Rural Development has" in its place and removing
"borrower non FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"borrower nor Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (c)(1) and (c)(2) "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (e), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Form RD" in its place.
§ 1962.29 [Amended]

358.Amend § 1962.29 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "accepted by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "accepted by Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "paid by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354,
the County Supervisor may pay them as a petty purchase or as the bill of a
creditor of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 in accordance
with FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instructions 2024-E,
copies of which are available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office." and adding "paid by Rural Development, the field office may
pay them in accordance to RD Instruction 2024-A, Exhibit D, Program Loan Cost
Expenses." in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(2) and (a)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (b)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1962.34 [Amended]

359.Amend § 1962.34 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 410-1,
"Application for FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Services," and adding "Form RD 410-1, "Application for RD Services," in its
place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "RD office" in its place; and
§ 1962.40 [Amended]

360.Amend § 1962.40(e)(1)(ii) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1962.41 [Amended]

361.Amend § 1962.41 by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and "Form FmHA" wherever they occur and adding "Form RD" in their
place.
§ 1962.42 [Amended]

362.Amend § 1962.42 by:

a. In paragraphs (b)(2) and (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354";

b. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "by FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by Rural Development" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 employee" and adding "Rural Development employee" in its place;

d. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place, and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" wherever it occurs
and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraphs (c)(4)(ii) and (c)(6)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "RD" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraphs (c)(5)(i) introductory text, (c)(5)(i)(A), (c)(5)(i)(B), and
(c)(5)(ii);

ii. Paragraph (c)(6)(ii) introductory text;

iii. Paragraph (c)(6)(ii)(A); and

iv. Paragraph (c)(7);

g. In paragraph (c)(8):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "and Rural Development" in its place; and

h. In paragraph (d), removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.45 [Amended]

363.Amend § 1962.45 by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and by removing "by FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by Rural Development" in
its place.
§ 1962.49 [Amended]

364.Amend § 1962.49 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. The introductory text;

ii. Paragraphs (b)(1)(v), (b)(2)(i), and (b)(2)(ii);

iii. Paragraphs (b)(3) introductory text and (b)(3)(i) through (b)(3)(iv);

iv. Paragraph (c) introductory text; and

v. Paragraphs (e)(2) introductory text, (e)(2)(i), and (e)(3) introductory text;

b. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 staff" and
adding "Rural Development staff" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "interests of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "interests of Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(1)(vi), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

f. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place and removing "wh=n
applicable" and adding "when applicable" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(3)(i):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 455-1" and
adding "RD 455-1" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 455-2" and
adding "RD 455-2" in its place;

iii. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employee"
and adding "Rural Development employee" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employees"
and adding "Rural Development employees" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (c)(3)(ii) introductory text and (e)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (c)(3)(ii)(A), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and
removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"by Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (c)(3)(ii)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

k. In paragraph (d), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 field office" wherever it occurs and
adding "Rural Development field office" in its place;

l. In paragraph (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 1951-9, Annual "Statement of Loan Account," and adding
"RD 1951-9, "Annual Statement of Loan Account," in its place; and

m. In paragraph (e)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 field office" wherever it occurs and
adding "Rural Development field office" in its place.
PART 1980--GENERAL Back to Top

365.The authority citation for part 1980 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart E also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1932(a).
Subpart E--Business and Industrial Loan Program Back to Top
§ 1980.401 [Amended]

366.Amend § 1980.401(d) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.

367.Revise § 1980.405 to read as follows:
§ 1980.405 Rural areas.

The business financed with a B&I loan must be located in a rural area. Loans to
borrowers with facilities located in both rural and non-rural areas will be
limited to the amount necessary to finance the facility located in the eligible
rural area. Cooperatives that are headquartered in a non-rural area may be
eligible for a B&I loan if the loan is used for a project or venture that is
located in a rural area. Rural areas are any areas other than a city or town
that has a population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants; and the urbanized area
contiguous and adjacent to such a city or town, as defined by the U.S. Bureau of
the Census. For the purpose of this section:

(a) The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census of
the United States (decennial Census). If the applicable population figure cannot
be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the
applicable population figure based on available population data; and

(b) An urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in the most
recent decennial Census or other Agency-accepted data source if not defined in
the most recent decennial Census.
§ 1980.411 [Amended]

368.Amend § 1980.411 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(7) and (a)(11) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(12):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "to Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (a)(13), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.412 [Amended]

369.Amend § 1980.412 by removing in the Administrative text at the end of the
section "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354".
§ 1980.413 [Amended]

370.Amend § 1980.413(a) introductory text by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place.
§ 1980.414 [Amended]

371.Amend § 1980.414 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "to FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "to
Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.419 [Amended]

372.Amend § 1980.419 by removing from paragraph C. of the Admnistrative text
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 National Office" and
adding "Rural Development National Office" in its place and by removing "Form
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in
its place.
§ 1980.420 [Amended]

373.Amend § 1980.420 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 informs" and
adding "Rural Development informs" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines"
and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place.
§ 1980.423 [Amended]

374.Amend § 1980.423 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text and (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development review" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 conditional Commitment For Guarantee," and adding "Form RD 449-14,
"Conditional Commitment for Guarantee," in its place and removing "Form FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-14" and adding "Form RD
449-14" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (a)(5), (a)(6) introductory text, and (b)(1), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "
Rural Development review" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

e. In the Administrative text at the end of the section, removing "Form FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Rural Development loan" in its place.
§ 1980.424 [Amended]

375.Amend § 1980.424 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b) and (c), removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In the Administrative text at the end of the section, in its introductory
text and paragraphs A.3 and 5, B.2 and 4, and C, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place.
§§ 1980.432 and 1980.433 [Amended]

376.Amend §§ 1980.432 and 1980.433 by removing in the Administrative text at the
end of the sections "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1980.434 [Amended]

377.Amend § 1980.434 by removing in the Administrative text at the end of the
section "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Official" and
adding "Rural Development official" in its place.
§ 1980.442 [Amended]

378.Amend § 1980.442 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "and Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.443 [Amended]

379.Amend § 1980.443 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. In paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(4)(i) introductory text, (a)(4)(i)(A)(4),
(a)(4)(i)(B), (a)(4)(i)(C), and (a)(4)(ii); and

ii. In paragraphs (b)(1), (b)(2) introductory text, (b)(2)(i), (b)(5), (b)(6),
and (b)(7)(iii); and

b. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" from
paragraph A introductory text and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 at its" from
paragraph A.3 and adding "Rural Development at its" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official"
from paragraph A.3 and adding "Rural Development official" in its place.
§ 1980.444 [Amended]

380.Amend § 1980.444(b) and (e) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.451 [Amended]

381.Amend § 1980.451 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "desiring FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 assistance" and adding "desiring assistance" in its place;
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "between Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iv. Removing "SBA and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "the Small Business Administration and the U.S. Department of Agriculture
Rural Development (Business and Industrial Loans)" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (d) introductory text, (d)(1), (d)(3) introductory text,
(d)(3)(iii) introductory text, and (d)(3)(iv)(A), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d)(3)(v):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354-assisted" and
adding "Rural Development-assisted" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loans" and
adding "Rural Development loans" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 funds" and
adding "Rural Development funds" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will
consider" and adding "Rural Development will consider" in its place;

f. Revising paragraph (d)(3)(vi);

g. In paragraph (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

h. In paragraph (f)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (f)(3):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-4"
wherever it occurs and adding "RD 449-4" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "result in FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "result in Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place, and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "
Rural Development's" in its place;

k. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will submit Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
449-22" and adding "Rural Development will submit Form RD 449-22" in its place;

l. In paragraphs (i)(1), (i)(2), (i)(3), and (i)(10), removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

m. In paragraphs (i)(7), (i)(9), (i)(13)(viii), (i)(13)(x), and (i)(15),
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "
Rural Development" in its place;

n. In paragraph (i)(13) introductory text, removing "FmHA" wherever it occurs
and adding "RD" in its place;

o. In paragraph (i)(18)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 solicits" and adding "Rural Development solicits" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

p. In paragraph (i)(18)(ii):

i. Removing "If FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "If Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

q. In paragraph (i)(19), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

r. In paragraphs (j) and (k), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

s. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs A.3 through 5, A.6(a) through (c), and B.3(b)
and (c), and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 with" in
paragraphs A.3 and 4 and adding "Rural Development with" in its place;

iii. Removing "whom FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph A.4 and adding "whom Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs A.5 and B.5 and adding "RD Instruction" in its
place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-4" in
paragraph A.6(c) and the note to paragraph A.6 and adding "RD 449-4" in its
place;

vi. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
the note to paragraph A.6 and adding "Forms RD" in its place;

vii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
449-29, "Project Summary--Business Industrial Loan Division," in paragraph
B.3.(b) and adding "A Project Summary" in its place;

viii. Removing "Copy of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
in paragraph B.3.(d) and adding "Copy of Rural Development" in its place;

ix. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" in
paragraph B.5 and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

x. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employees" in
paragraph B.5 and adding "Rural Development employees" in its place;

xi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" in
paragraph B.5 and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

xii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 position"
in paragraph B.5 and adding "Rural Development position" in its place;

xiii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 urges" in
paragraph B.6 and adding "Rural Development urges" in its place;

xiv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 audit" in
paragraph B.6 and adding "Rural Development audit" in its place;

xv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs in the Description of Record or Form Number and Title table at the end of
the Administrative text section and adding "RD" in its place; and

xvi. Removing "449-29" in the Description of Record or Form Number and Title
table at the end of the Administrative text section and adding "449-29
(obsolete)" in its place.

The revision reads as follows:
§ 1980.451 Filing and processing applications.

* * * * *

(d) * * *

(3) * * *

(vi) Indexation. When current annual data are not available to determine a
State's nonmetropolitan household income for purposes of the calculations
described in paragraph (d)(3)(iii) of this section, indexation of census data is
necessary. The State Director will use the figure from the 5-year data from the
American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data,
increased by a factor representing the increase since the year of that census in
the Consumer Price Index ("CPI-U"). That factor shall be furnished annually by
the National Office, Rural Development.

* * * * *
§ 1980.452 [Amended]

382.Amend § 1980.452 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 evaluation"
from the section heading and adding "Rural Development evaluation" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will"
wherever it occurs in the introductory text and adding "Rural Development will"
in its place;

c. Removing "If FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs in the introductory text and adding "If Rural Development" in its
place;

d. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in the introductory text and adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" in the
introductory text, and adding "Rural Development State" in its place; and

f. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" in
paragraph D. introductory text, and adding "a Rural Development State" in its
place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs D. introductory text, D.6 introductory text,
D.6.a, b, and d, and d.7, and adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employees"
in paragraph D. introductory text and adding "Rural Development employees" in
its place;

iv. Removing "non-FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D.2 and adding "non-Rural Development" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
in paragraphs D.2 and D.6.d and e, and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" in
paragraphs D.2 and D.6.d and e, and "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in their place;

vii. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State"
in paragraphs D. introductory text and D.3 and adding "the Rural Development
State" in its place;

viii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 programs"
wherever it occurs in paragraph D.3 and adding "Rural Development programs" in
its place;

ix. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 as a" in
paragraph D.3 and adding "Rural Development as a" in its place;

x. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 case" in
paragraph D.6 introductory text and adding "Rural Development case" in its
place; and

xi. Removing "Legislative Affairs and Public Information staff in the National
Office" in paragraph D.6.d and adding "Legislative and Public Affairs Staff in
the Rural Development National Office" in its place.
§ 1980.453 [Amended]

383.Amend § 1980.453 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place; and

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-29"
and adding "the Project Summary" in its place; and

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "2. A copy of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 State Loan Review Board Minutes" and adding "3. A copy of Rural
Development State Loan Review Board Minutes" in its place.
§ 1980.454 [Amended]

384.Amend § 1980.454 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "provide FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "provide Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "approved by Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "approved by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 National Office" and adding "approved by the National Office" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"intent of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"intent of Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (e) and (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

e. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "Inspection Reports" in paragraph A.2 and adding "Inspection
Report" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
in paragraph C. and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place; and

iv. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph F. and adding "by Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.469 [Amended]

385.Amend § 1980.469 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 of" and adding "Rural Development (RD) of" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(1), (c) introductory text, and (c)(1), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place; and

c. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" in the introductory text and
adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any RD office)" in its place;

ii. Removing "which FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph B.1 and adding "which Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph B.1 and adding "approved by Rural Development" in its
place;

iv. Removing "the time FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs B.2 and C.4 and adding "the time Rural
Development" in its place;

v. Removing "occurs FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph B.2 and adding "occurs Rural Development" in its place;

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
in paragraph B.3 and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

vii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" in
paragraph B.3 and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

viii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 staff" in
paragraph B.3 and adding "Rural Development staff" in its place;

ix. Removing "If FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraphs B.3 and 5 and adding "If Rural Development" in its place;

x. Removing "claim to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs B.3 and 4 and adding "claim to Rural
Development" in its place;

xi. Removing "guaranteed by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph B.3 and adding "guaranteed by Rural Development" in its
place;

xii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 was
deceived" in paragraph B.6 and adding "Rural Development was deceived" in its
place;

xiii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 could
then" in paragraph B.7 and adding "Rural Development could then" in its place;

xiv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
in paragraph C.2 and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place;

xv. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraphs C.3.(d) and C.4 and adding "Form RD" in its place;

xvi. Removing "noted by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
in paragraph C.4 and adding "noted by Rural Development" in its place;

xvii. Removing "statements for FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph C.5 and adding "statements for Rural Development" in its
place;

xviii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 in turn"
in paragraph C.5 and adding "Rural Development in turn" in its place;

xix. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" in
paragraph C.5 and adding "Rural Development's" in its place; and

xx. Removing "borrower and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph C.6 and adding "borrower, and Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1980.470 [Amended]

386.Amend the Administrative text at the end of § 1980.470 by:

a. Removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" from the introductory text
and adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

b. Removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph A. and adding "by the Rural Development" in its place;

c. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph A. and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

d. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraphs B. and D. and adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. Removing "risks of the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
in paragraph B. and adding "risks of Rural Development" in its place;

f. Removing "the lender and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph B. and adding "the lender and Rural Development" in its
place;

g. Removing "when FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D. and adding "when Rural Development" in its place;

h. Removing "will FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 endorse"
in paragraph D. and adding "will Rural Development endorse" in its place; and

i. Removing "assist FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph F. and adding "assist Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.471 [Amended]

387.Amend § 1980.471 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart
(available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)"
and adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(1) and (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel" in
paragraph A. and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" in
paragraph B. and adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

iii. Removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph B. and adding "between Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 consider" in
paragraph B. and adding "Rural Development consider" in its place;

v. Removing "When FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
liquidates," in paragraph B. and adding "When Rural Development liquidates," in
its place;

vi. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs B. and E. and adding "Form RD" in its place;

vii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 is" in
paragraph D. and adding "Rural Development is" in its place;

viii. Removing "499-30" in paragraph E. and adding "449-30" in its place;

ix. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 to" in
paragraph F. and adding "by Rural Development to" in its place; and

x. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 guaranteed
loan" in paragraph F. and adding "Rural Development guaranteed loan" in its
place.
§ 1980.472 [Amended]

388.Amend § 1980.472 by removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available
in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" and adding
"Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property Management
Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place.
§ 1980.473 [Amended]

389.Amend § 1980.473 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1980.475 [Amended]

390.Amend § 1980.475 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's opinion, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Rural Development's opinion, Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" in the introductory text and
adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

ii. Removing "that FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph A. and adding "that Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "advising FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
in paragraph F. and adding "advising Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 servicing"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs F. and H. and adding "Rural Development
servicing" in its place; and

v. Removing "actions FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph H. and adding "actions Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.476 [Amended]

391.Amend § 1980.476 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "
Rural Development" in its place wherever it occurs in the following places:

i. Paragraph (a);

i. Paragraphs (e) introductory text, (e)(1), (e)(2), (g)(2)(i), and (g)(2)(iii);

ii. Paragraph (h);

iii. Paragraph (i);

iv. Paragraph (j);

v. Paragraph (l);

vi. Paragraph (m) introductory text; and

vii. Paragraph (n);

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (p), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"Form 449-30" and adding "Form RD 449-30" in its place; and

d. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" and adding "Refer to RD
Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property Management Guide
(available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 file" in
paragraph B. and adding "Rural Development file" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph B. wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1980.481 [Amended]

392.Amend § 1980.481 introductory text by removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place.
§ 1980.488 [Amended]

393.Amend § 1980.488(a) and (b), and the administrative text at the end of the
section by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.490 [Amended]

394.Amend § 1980.490 by:

a. In paragraphs (d)(1) through (d)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

b. In paragraph (f)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (f)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-29"
and adding "the Project Summary" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (f)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development will" in its
place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
1980-48" and adding "Form 1980-48" in its place;

e. In paragraph (f)(4):

i. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
1980-23, "Request for Business and Industry Interest Buydown Payment," and
adding "Form RD 1980-24, "Request Interest Assistance/Interest Rate Buydown
Subsidy Payment to Guaranteed Loan Lender," in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 servicing
office" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development servicing office" in
its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations"
and adding "Rural Development regulations" in its place; and

v. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1980-48"
and adding "Form 1980-48" in its place;

f. In paragraph (g), removing "When FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "When Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1980-23" and adding "Form
RD 1980-24" in its place;

g. In paragraphs (n) introductory text, (n)(4), and (n)(5), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (p)(4) introductory text and (p)(5)(iii), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

i. In paragraph (p)(4)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 1980-25, "Farmer Programs Applications," or FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-1" and adding "Form RD 449-1" in
its place.

395.Revise § 1980.495 to read as follows:
§ 1980.495 RD forms and guides.

The following RD forms and guides, as applicable, are used in connection with
processing B&I, D&D, and DARBE loan guarantees; they are incorporated in this
subpart and made a part hereof:

(a) Form RD 449-1. "Application for Loan and Guarantee" is referred to as
"Appendix A," or successor form,

(b) The "Certificate of Incumbency and Signature" or successor form,

(c) "Guidelines for Loan Guarantees for Alcohol Fuel Production Facilities" is
referred to as "Appendix C."

(d) "Alcohol Production Facilities Planning, Performing, Development and Project
Control" is referred to as "Appendix D."

(e) "Environmental Assessment Guidelines" is referred to as "Appendix E."

(f) Form RD 449-14, "Conditional Commitment for Guarantee," or successor form.

(g) "Liquidation and Property Management Guide" as found in RD Instruction
1980-E Appendix G.

(h) "Suggested Format for the Opinion of the Lender's Legal Counsel" is referred
to as "Appendix H."

(i) "Instructions for Loan Guarantees for Drought and Disaster Relief" and Forms
RD 1980-68, "Lender's Agreement--Drought and Disaster Guaranteed Loans,"
1980-69, "Loan Note Guarantee--Drought and Disaster Guaranteed Loans," and
1980-70, "Assignment Guarantee Agreement--Drought and Disaster Guaranteed
Loans," or their successor forms.

(j) [Reserved]

(k) "Regulations for Loan Guarantees for Disaster Assistance for Rural Business
Enterprises" and Forms RD 1980-71, "Lender's Agreement--Disaster Assistance for
Rural Business Enterprises Guaranteed Loans," 1980-72 "Loan Note
Guarantee--Disaster Assistance for Rural Business Enterprises Guaranteed Loans,"
and 1980-73 "Assignment Guarantee Agreement--Disaster Assistance for Rural
Business Enterprises Guaranteed Loans" or their successor forms.
§ 1980.497 [Amended]

396.Amend § 1980.497 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart
(available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)"
and adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a), (b) introductory text, (c), and (d)(1), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "
Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (b)(2) introductory text and (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in
its place;

d. In paragraphs (d)(2) and (d)(7) through (d)(9), removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;
and

e. In paragraph (f):

i. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "BENEFIT OF FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "benefit of RURAL DEVELOPMENT" in its place; and

iii. Removing "UNDER FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "UNDER RURAL DEVELOPMENT" in its place.
§ 1980.498 [Amended]

397.Amend § 1980.498 by:

a. In paragraphs (k) introductory text, (k)(4), and (k)(5), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (m)(5) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (m)(5)(iii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 410-1, "Application for FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 Services," or Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 449-1" and adding "Form RD 449-1" in its place.
Appendices A and B to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Removed and Reserved] Back to Top

398.Appendices A and B to Subpart E of Part 1980 are removed and reserved.
Appendix D to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended] Back to Top

399.Amend Appendix D to Subpart E of Part 1980 by removing:

a. "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354)" in paragraph
(I)(B) and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs in
paragraphs (I)(B)(2)(a), (II)(A)(2)(g)(ii), (III)(A)(2), (III)(E) introductory
text, (III)(E)(2), (III)(G), (IV)(A), and (IV)(B)(1) and adding "Rural
Development" in its place; and

c. "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in paragraph
(IV)(B)(3) and adding "Form RD" in its place.
Appendix E to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended] Back to Top

400.Amend Appendix E to Subpart E of Part 1980 by removing:

a. "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's position" in
paragraph (I) and adding "Rural Development's position" in its place;

b. "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 action" in
paragraph (II) and adding "a Rural Development action" in its place; and

c. "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 action" wherever
it occurs in paragraph (II) and adding "the Rural Development action" in its
place;

d. "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 project" in paragraph
(IV)(2) and adding "Rural Development project" in its place;

e. "or FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in paragraph
(XIII) and adding "or Rural Development" in its place; and

f. "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in paragraph
(XVII) and adding "by Rural Development" in its place.
Appendix F to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Removed and Reserved] Back to Top

401.Appendix F to subpart E of Part 1980 is removed and reserved.

402.Amend Appendix I to Subpart E of Part 1980 by:

a. Removing ", and appear in the Federal Register following the body of this
appendix as Exhibits A, B, and C in the following order" in paragraph A.
introductory text;

b. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraphs X.D and X.F and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. Removing "will be used" in paragraphs A.(1) through (3), IV., and E.1 and 2,
and adding "or successor form will be used" in its place;

d. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will not" in
paragraph D. introductory text, and adding "Rural Development will not" in its
place;

e. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D.(2) and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

f. Removing "are FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph J. and adding "are Rural Development" in its place;

g. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" in
paragraph J. and adding "Rural Development has" in its place; and

h. Removing Exhibits A through C.
Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended] Back to Top

403.Amend Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980 by:

a. Removing ", and appear in the Federal Register following the body of this
appendix as exhibits A, B, and C in the following order" in the introductory
text;

b. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs A.(1) through (3) and G. and adding "Form RD"
in its place;

c. Removing "will be used" in paragraphs A.(1) thorugh (3) and adding "or
successor form will be used" in its place;

d. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 insruction" wherever
they occur in paragraphs B. through F., H., J., and K. and adding "RD
Instruction" in their place;

e. Removing "other FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354-type
farm loan" in paragraph C. and adding "other Rural Development-type farm loan"
in its place;

f. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" in
paragraph D. and adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

g. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D. and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

h. Removing "will FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D. and adding "will Rural Development" in its place;

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" in
paragraph F. and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

j. Removing "Guarantee DARBE," issued on" in paragraph G. and adding "Guarantee
DARBE, " (or successor form) issued on" in its place;

k. Removing "are FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph J. and adding "are Rural Development" in its place;

l. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 guaranteed
loans" in paragraph J. and adding "Rural Development guaranteed loans" in its
place;

m. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "Rural Development has" in paragraph J. in its place; and

n. Removing Exhibits A through C.
Exhibit G to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended] Back to Top

404.Amend the Note to Exhibit G to Subpart E of Part 1980 by removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place.
CHAPTER XXXV--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Back to Top
PART 3550--DIRECT SINGLE FAMILY HOUSING LOANS AND GRANTS Back to Top

405.The authority citation for part 3550 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart C--Section 504 Origination and Section 306C Water and Waste Disposal
Grants Back to Top
§ 3550.103 [Amended]

406.Amend § 3550.103(g) by removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its place.

407.In § 3550.116, revise paragraph (c) to read as follows:
§ 3550.116 Definitions applicable to WWD grants only.

* * * * *

(c) Rural areas. Includes unincorporated areas and any city or town with a
population not in excess of 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is
obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data.

* * * * *
PART 3560--DIRECT MULTI-FAMILY HOUSING LOANS AND GRANTS Back to Top

408.The authority citation for part 3560 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--General Provisions and Definitions Back to Top
§ 3560.11 [Amended]

409.In § 3560.11, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 3560.11 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area. An area classified as a rural area prior to October 1, 1990, (even
if within a Metropolitan Statistical Area), and any area deemed to be a `rural
area' under any other provision of law at any time during the period beginning
January 1, 2000, and ending December 31, 2010, shall continue to be so
classified until the receipt of data from the decennial census in the year 2020
if such area has a population exceeding 10,000, but not in excess of 35,000, is
rural in character, and has a serious lack of mortgage credit for low- and
moderate-income families.

* * * * *
Subpart B--Direct Loan and Grant Origination Back to Top
§ 3560.57 [Amended]

410.Amend § 3560.57(c) by removing "most recent census data, or" and adding
"most recent decennial Census of the United States, or" in its place.
PART 3570--COMMUNITY PROGRAMS Back to Top

411.The authority citation for part 3570 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.

412.Revise § 3570.51(h) to read as follows:
§ 3570.51 General.

* * * * *

(h) The income data used to determine median household income must be that which
accurately reflects the income of the population to be served by the proposed
facility. The median household income of the service area and the
nonmetropolitan median household income for the State will be determined using
5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other
Census Bureau data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census
Bureau data does not accurately represent the median household income within the
area to be served, this will be documented and the applicant may furnish, or RD
may obtain, additional information regarding such median household income data.
Information must consist of reliable data from local, regional, State, or
Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source.

* * * * *

413.In § 3570.53, revise the definition of "Rural and rural area" to read as
follows:
§ 3570.53 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural and rural area. For fiscal year 1999, the terms "rural" and "rural area"
include a city or town with a population of 20,000 or less inhabitants. There is
no limitation placed on population in open rural areas. After fiscal year 1999,
the terms "rural" and "rural area" include a city, town, or unincorporated area
that has a population of 50,000 inhabitants or less, other than an urbanized
area immediately adjacent to a city, town, or unincorporated area that has a
population in excess of 50,000 inhabitants. The population figures are obtained
from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census).
If the applicable population figures cannot be obtained from the most recent
decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figures based on
available population data.

* * * * *
PART 3575--GENERAL Back to Top

414.The authority citation for part 3575 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301, 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--Community Programs Guaranteed Loans Back to Top

415.In § 3575.2, revise the definition of "Rural and rural area" to read as
follows:
§ 3575.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural and rural area. The terms "rural" and "rural area" mean a city, town, or
unincorporated area that has a population of 50,000 inhabitants or less, other
than an urbanized area immediately adjacent to a city, town, or unincorporated
area that has a population in excess of 50,000 inhabitants. The population
figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States
(decennial Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from
the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population
figure based on available population data.

* * * * *
CHAPTER XLII--RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE AND RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE,
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Back to Top
PART 4274--DIRECT AND INSURED LOANMAKING Back to Top

416.The authority citation for part 4274 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932 note; 7 U.S.C. 1989.

417.In § 4274.302(a), remove the defintion of "Rural or rural area" and add the
definition of "Rural area" in alphabetical order to read as follows:
§ 4274.302 Definitions and abbreviations.

(a) * * *

Rural area. All territory of a State that is not within the outer boundary of
any city having a population of 25,000 or more. The population figure is
obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data.

* * * * *

418.In § 4274.344, revise paragraphs (c)(2) introductory text and (c)(2)(vi)
introductory text to read as follows:
§ 4274.344 Filing and processing applications for loans.

* * * * *

(c) * * *

(2) Employment. For computations under this paragraph, income data should be
5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other
Census Bureau data, updated according to changes in the consumer price index. If
there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does not
accurately represent the median household income of the service area, the
reasons will be documented and the borrower may furnish, or RD may obtain,
additional information regarding such median household income data. Information
must consist of reliable data from local, regional, State or Federal sources or
from a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source. The poverty line used
will be as defined in section 673 (2) of the Community Services Block Grant Act
(42 U.S.C. 9902(2)). Unemployment data used will be that published by the Bureau
of Labor Statistics, U.S. Department of Labor.

* * * * *

(vi) The population of the service area according to the most recent decennial
Census was lower than that recorded by the previous decennial Census (or as
equivalently determined using another data source if the other data source was
used in determining whether the area was rural) by the following percentage:

* * * * *
PART 4279--GUARANTEED LOANMAKING Back to Top

419.The authority citation for part 4279 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932(a); and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--General Back to Top

420.In § 4279.2, revise the definition of "Poor" to read as follows:
§ 4279.2 Definitions and abbreviations.

* * * * *

Poor. A community or area is considered poor if either the county, city, or
census tract where the community or area is located has a median household
income at or below the poverty line for a family of four; has a median household
income below the nonmetropolitan median household income for the State; or has a
population of which 25 percent or more have income at or below the poverty line.
The determination of "poor" will be based on 5-year data from the American
Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. If there is
reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does not accurately
represent the median household income of the community or area, the reasons will
be documented and the borrower may furnish, or RD may obtain, additional
information regarding such median household income data. Information must
consist of reliable data from local, regional, State or Federal sources or from
a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source.

* * * * *
PART 4280--LOANS AND GRANTS Back to Top

421.The authority citation for part 4280 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 904c; 7 U.S.C. 8107.
Subpart A--Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program Back to Top

422.In § 4280.3, remove the definition of "Rural area" and add the definition of
"Rural or rural area" in alphabetical order to read as follows:
§ 4280.3 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural or rural area. See 7 U.S.C. 1991(a)(13)(A) and (D) et seq.

* * * * *

423.Revise § 4280.42(b)(7) to read as follows:
§ 4280.42 Application evaluation and selection.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(7) Decline in population for the county where the Project is physically
located. If there has been a decline in population in the county where the
Project will be located over the time period covered by the two most recent
decennial Censuses to the present (or equivalent time frame if using a data
source other than the decennial Census), Rural Development will award 10 points.

* * * * *
Subpart B--Rural Energy for America Program General Back to Top
§ 4280.103 [Amended]

424.Amend § 4280.103 by removing "the latest decennial census" in the
introductory text to the definition of "Rural or rural area" and adding "the
most recent decennial Census" in its place.
Subpart D--Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program Back to Top

425.In § 4280.302(a), revise the first sentence of the definition of "Rural or
rural area" to read as follows:
4280.302 Definitions and abbreviations.

(a) * * *

Rural or rural area. Any area of a State not in a city or town that has a
population of more than 50,000 inhabitants, according to the most recent
decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census), and the contiguous and
adjacent urbanized area, and any area that has been determined to be "rural in
character" by the Under Secretary for Rural Development, or as otherwise
identified in this definition.

* * *

* * * * *
§ 4280.316 [Amended]

426.Amend § 4280.316(b)(1)(v) by removing "the latest applicable decennial
census" and adding "the most recent decennial Census" in its place.
PART 4284--GRANTS Back to Top

427.The authority citation for part 4284 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart F also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1932(e).

Subpart G also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(11).

Subpart J also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1621 note.

Subpart K also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1621 note.
Subpart A--General Requirements for Cooperative Service Grant Programs Back to
Top
§ 4284.3 [Amended]

428.Amend § 4284.3 by removing "the latest decennial census" in the definition
of "rural and rural area" and adding "the most recent decennial Census" in its
place.
Subpart G--Rural Business Opportunity Grants Back to Top

429.In § 4284.603, revise the definitions of "long-term" and "rural and rural
area" to read as follows:
§ 4284.603 Definitions.

* * * * *

Long-term. The period of time covered by the three most recent decennial
Censuses of the United States to the present.

* * * * *

Rural and rural area. Any area other than a city or town that has a population
of greater than 50,000 inhabitants including the urbanized area contiguous and
adjacent to such a city or town. The population figure used must be in
accordance with the most recent decennial Census of the United States.

* * * * *
PART 4288--PAYMENT PROGRAMS Back to Top

430.The authority citation for part 4288 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--Repowering Assistance Payments to Eligible Biorefineries Back to Top
§ 4288.2 [Amended]

431.Amend § 4288.2 by removing "the latest decennial census" in the introductory
text of the definition of "Rural or rural area" and adding "the most recent
decennial Census" in its place.
PART 4290--RURAL BUSINESS INVESTMENT COMPANY ("RBIC") PROGRAM Back to Top

432.The authority citation for part 4290 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1989 and 209cc et seq.
Subpart B--Definition of Terms Used in Part 4290 Back to Top

433.In § 4290.50, revise the introductory text of the definition of "Rural Area"
and revise the definition of "Urban Area" to read as follows:
§ 4290.50 Definition of terms.

* * * * *

Rural Area means any area of a State not in a city or town that has a population
of more than 50,000 inhabitants, according to the most recent decennial Census
of the United States (decennial Census), or in the urbanized area contiguous and
adjacent to a city or town that has a population of more than 50,000
inhabitants, and any area that has been determined to be "rural in character" by
the Under Secretary for Rural Development, or as otherwise identified in this
definition.

* * * * *

Urban Area means an area containing a city (or its equivalent), or any
equivalent geographic area determined by the Census Bureau and adopted by the
Secretary for purposes of this definition (about which the Secretary will
publish a document in the Federal Register from time to time), which had a
population of over 150,000 in the most recent decennial Census and the urbanized
areas containing or adjacent to that city, both as determined by the Bureau of
the Census for the most recent decennial Census.

* * * * *
end regulatory text

Dated: January 15, 2015.

Lisa Mensah,

Under Secretary, Rural Development.

Dated: January 23, 2015.

Michael Scuse,

Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              111 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 24, 2015 Tuesday

Rural Development Regulations-Update to FmHA References and to Census References

LENGTH: 61764  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register, Government of USA has issued the following news
release:


Action

Direct Final Rule.
Summary

Rural Development (RD) is amending its regulations by updating references to the
Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) and clarifying and updating references to the
census data. These actions will provide consistency in terminology between
program regulations. In addition, clarifying and updating references to census
data is needed to account for changes to the decennial Census, which, starting
with the 2010 decennial Census is no longer reporting income and unemployment
data. Additional revisions are being implemented to show the regulations that do
not apply to the Farm Service Agency (FSA) and to remove outdated or unnecessary
language.
Unified Agenda
Allocation Formulas

3 actions from August 3rd, 2000 to August 2003

August 3rd, 2000
        NPRM
        65 FR 47695
    October 2nd, 2000
        NPRM Comment Period End
    August 2003
        Final Action


Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Classification
    Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance
    Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs
    Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform
    Environmental Impact Statement
    Unfunded Mandates Reform Act
    Regulatory Flexibility Act
    Executive Order 13132, Federalism
    Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments
    Paperwork Reduction Act
    E-Government Act Compliance
    I. Background and Discussion
    II. Discussion of Changes
    A. Farmers Home Administration (FmHA)
    B. Census References
    C. FSA Related Changes
    D. Outdated and/or Unnecessary Text in Those Parts and Subparts That Contain
Either Reference to Census Bureau or FmHA
    E. Other
    List of Subjects
    CHAPTER XVII--RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
    PART 1709--ASSISTANCE TO HIGH ENERGY COST COMMUNITIES
    Subpart B--RUS High Energy Cost Grant Program
    Subpart C--Bulk Fuel Revolving Fund Grant Program
    PART 1714--PRE-LOAN POLICIES AND PROCEDURES FOR INSURED ELECTRIC LOANS
    Subpart A--General
    PART 1735--GENERAL POLICIES, TYPES OF LOANS, LOAN
REQUIREMENTS-TELECOMMUNICATIONS PROGRAM
    Subpart A--General
    Subpart B--Loan Purposes and Basic Policies
    PART 1737--PRE-LOAN POLICIES AND PROCEDURES COMMON TO INSURED AND GUARANTEED
TELECOMMUNICATIONS LOANS
    PART 1738--RURAL BROADBAND ACCESS LOANS AND LOAN GUARANTEES
    Subpart A--General
    PART 1739--BROADBAND GRANT PROGRAM
    PART 1740--PUBLIC TELEVISION STATION DIGITAL TRANSITION GRANT PROGRAM
    Subpart A--Public Televsion Station Digital Transition Grant Program
    PART 1774--SPECIAL EVALUATION ASSISTANCE FOR RURAL COMMUNITIES AND
HOUSEHOLDS PROGRAM
    Subpart A--General Provisions
    PART 1775--TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE GRANTS
    Subpart A--General Provisions
    PART 1776--HOUSEHOLD WATER WELL SYSTEM GRANT PROGRAM
    Subpart A--General
    PART 1777--SECTION 306C WWD LOANS AND GRANTS
    PART 1778--EMERGENCY AND IMMINENT COMMUNITY WATER ASSISTANCE GRANTS
    PART 1779--WATER AND WASTE DISPOSAL PROGRAMS GUARANTEED LOANS
    PART 1780--WATER AND WASTE LOANS AND GRANTS
    Subpart A--General Policies and Requirements
    Subpart B--Loan and Grant Application Processing
    PART 1781--RESOURCE CONSERVATION AND DEVELOPMENT (RCD) LOANS AND WATERSHED
(WS) LOANS AND ADVANCES
    PART 1783--REVOLVING FUNDS FOR FINANCING WATER AND WASTEWATER PROJECTS
(REVOLVING FUND PROGRAM)
    Subpart A--General
    CHAPTER XVIII--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE,
RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE, AND FARM SERVICE AGENCY, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
    PART 1806--INSURANCE
    Subpart A--Real Property Insurance
    Subpart B--National Flood Insurance
    PART 1810--INTEREST RATES, TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND APPROVAL AUTHORITY
    Subpart A--Interest Rates, Amortization, Guarantee Fee, Annual Charge, and
Fixed Period
    PART 1822--Rural Housing Loans and Grants
    Subpart G--Rural Housing Site Loan Policies, Procedures, and Authorizations
    PART 1900--GENERAL
    Subpart C--Applicability of Federal Law
    Subpart D--Processing and Servicing Rural Development Assistance to
Employees, Relatives, and Associates
    PART 1901--PROGRAM-RELATED INSTRUCTIONS
    Subpart K--Certificates of Beneficial Ownership and Insured Notes
    PART 1902--SUPERVISED BANK ACCOUNTS
    Subpart A--Supervised Bank Accounts of Loan, Grant, and Other Funds
    PART 1910--GENERAL
    Subpart B--Credit Reports
    Subpart C--Commercial Credit Reports
    PART 1924--CONSTRUCTION AND REPAIR
    Subpart A--Planning and Performing Construction and Other Development
    Exhibit B to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit C to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit D to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit H to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit I to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit K to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit L to Subpart A [Amended]
    Subpart C--Planning and Performing Site Development Work
    Subpart F--Complaints and Compensation for Construction Defects
    PART 1925--TAXES
    Subpart C--Planning and Performing Site Development Work
    PART 1927--TITLE CLEARANCE AND LOAN CLOSING
    Subpart B--Real Estate Title Clearance and Loan Closing
    PART 1940--GENERAL
    Subpart I--Truth in Lending-Real Estate Settlement Procedures
    Subpart L--Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program
Funds
    Subpart T--System for Delivery of Certain Rural Development Programs
    PART 1942--ASSOCIATIONS
    Subpart A--Community Facility Loan
    Subpart C--Fire and Rescue and Other Small Community Facilities Projects
    Subpart G--Rural Business Enterprise Grants and Television Demonstration
Grants
    PART 1944--HOUSING
    Subpart B--Housing Application Packaging Grants
    Subpart I--Self-Help Technical Assistance Grants
    Subpart K--Technical and Supervisory Assistance Grants
    Subpart N--Housing Preservation Grants
    PART 1948--RURAL DEVELOPMENT
    Subpart B--Section 601 Energy Impacted Area Development Assistance
    PART 1950--GENERAL
    Subpart C--Servicing Accounts of Borrowers Entering the Armed Forces
    PART 1951--SERVICING AND COLLECTIONS
    Subpart A--Account Servicing Policies
    Exhibit A to Subpart A of Part 1951--Notice to Agency Borrowers
    Subpart D--Final Payment of Loans
    Subpart E--Servicing of Community and Direct Business Programs Loans and
Grants
    Subpart F--Analyzing Credit Needs and Graduation of Borrowers
    Exhibit B to Subpart F [Amended]
    Subpart R--Rural Development Loan Servicing
    PART 1955--PROPERTY MANAGEMENT
    Subpart A--Liquidation of Loans Secured by Real Estate and Acquisition of
Real and Chattel Property
    Subpart B--Management of Property
    Exhibit A to Subpart B of Part 1955--Memorandum of Understanding Between the
Federal Emergency Management Agency and Rural Development
    Subpart C--Disposal of Inventory Property
    PART 1956--DEBT SETTLEMENT
    Subpart C--Debt Settlement--Community and Business Programs
    PART 1957--ASSET SALES
    Subpart A--Rural Housing Asset Sales
    PART 1962--PERSONAL PROPERTY
    Subpart A--Servicing and Liquidation of Chattel Security
    PART 1980--GENERAL
    Subpart E--Business and Industrial Loan Program
    Appendices A and B to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Removed and Reserved]
    Appendix D to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended]
    Appendix E to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended]
    Appendix F to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Removed and Reserved]
    Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended]
    Exhibit G to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended]
    CHAPTER XXXV--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
    PART 3550--DIRECT SINGLE FAMILY HOUSING LOANS AND GRANTS
    Subpart C--Section 504 Origination and Section 306C Water and Waste Disposal
Grants
    PART 3560--DIRECT MULTI-FAMILY HOUSING LOANS AND GRANTS
    Subpart A--General Provisions and Definitions
    Subpart B--Direct Loan and Grant Origination
    PART 3570--COMMUNITY PROGRAMS
    PART 3575--GENERAL
    Subpart A--Community Programs Guaranteed Loans
    CHAPTER XLII--RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE AND RURAL UTILITIES
SERVICE, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
    PART 4274--DIRECT AND INSURED LOANMAKING
    PART 4279--GUARANTEED LOANMAKING
    Subpart A--General
    PART 4280--LOANS AND GRANTS
    Subpart A--Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program
    Subpart B--Rural Energy for America Program General
    Subpart D--Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program
    PART 4284--GRANTS
    Subpart A--General Requirements for Cooperative Service Grant Programs
    Subpart G--Rural Business Opportunity Grants
    PART 4288--PAYMENT PROGRAMS
    Subpart A--Repowering Assistance Payments to Eligible Biorefineries
    PART 4290--RURAL BUSINESS INVESTMENT COMPANY ("RBIC") PROGRAM
    Subpart B--Definition of Terms Used in Part 4290

DATES: Back to Top

This rule will become effective April 27, 2015 without further action unless the
Agency receives significant written adverse comments or written notices of
intent to submit adverse comments on or before March 26, 2015. If the Agency
receives significant adverse comments or notices, the Agency will publish a
timely notice in the Federal Register withdrawing those provisions on which
adverse comment were received.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

You may submit adverse comments or notice of intent to submit adverse comments
to this rule by any of the following methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the instructions
for submitting comments.
    Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service to the Branch
Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0742.

    Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal Express Mail, or
other courier service requiring a street address, to the Branch Chief,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 300
7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Washington, DC 20024.

All written comments will be available for public inspection during regular work
hours at the 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor address listed above.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Kenneth Meardon, Policy Advisor, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, STOP 3201, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,
DC 20250-3225; email: ken.meardon@wdc.usda.gov; telephone (202) 260-8296.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

Classification Back to Top

This rule has been determined to be not significant for purposes of Executive
Order 12866 and has not been reviewed by the Office of Management and Budget.
Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Back to Top

RD's programs affected by this rulemaking are shown in the Catalog of Federal
Domestic Assistance (CFDA) with numbers as indicated:

10.350--Technical Assistance to Cooperatives

10.352--Value-Added Producer Grants (4284)

10.405--Farm Labor Housing Loans and Grants (3560)

10.410--Very Low to Moderate Income Housing Loans (Section 502 Rural Housing
Loans) (3550)

10.415--Rural Rental Housing Loans

10.420--Rural Self-Help Technical Assistance

10.427--Rural Rental Assistance Payments (3560)

10.433--Rural Housing Preservation Grants

10.438--Rural Rental Housing Program--Guaranteed Loans

10.441--Technical and Supervisory Assistance Grants

10.448--Rural Housing Service Multi-Family Housing Rural Housing Voucher
Demonstration Program (3560)

10.759--Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households
Program (SEARCH) (1774)

10.760--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities (1779, 1780)

10.761--Technical Assistance and Training Grants (1775)

10.762--Solid Waste Management Grants (1775)

10.763--Emergency Community Water Assistance Grants (1778)

10.766--Community Facilities Loans and Grants (3570, 3575)

10.767--Intermediary Relending Program (4274)

10.768--Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program (4279)

10.769--Rural Business Enterprise Grant Program

10.770--Water and Waste Disposal Loans and Grants (Section 306C) (1777)

10.771--Rural Cooperative Development Grants

10.773--Rural Business Opportunity Grant Program

10.781--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities--ARRA (1780)

10.782--Appropriate Technology Transfer for Rural Areas (4284)

10.850--Rural Electrification Loans and Loan Guarantees (1714)

10.851--Rural Telephone Loans and Loan Guarantees (1735)

10.854--Rural Economic Development Loans and Grants (4280)

10.857--State Bulk Fuel Revolving Fund Grants

10.858--RUS Denali Commission Grants and Loans

10.859--Assistance to High Energy Cost--Rural Communities (1709)

10.860--Rural Business Investment Program (4290)

10.861--Public Television Station Digital Transition Grant Program (1740)

10.862--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities (1776)

10.863--Community Connect Grant Program (1739)

10-864--Grant Program to Estabish a Fund for Financing Water and Wastewater
Projects (1783)

10.865--Biorefinery Assistance (4279)

10.866--Repowering Assistance Program (4288)

10.867--Bioenergy Program for Advanced Biofuels (4288)

10.868--Rural Energy for America Program (4280)

10.870--Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program

10.871--Small Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grants (4284)

10.886--Rural Broadband Access Loans and Loan Guarantees (1738)

All active CFDA programs can be found at www.cfda.gov under "Department of
Agriculture, Rural Development." Programs not listed in this section or not
listed on the CFDA Web site but are still being serviced by RD will nevertheless
be covered by the requirements of this action.
Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs Back to Top

This action is not subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372, which
requires intergovernmental consultation with State and local officials.
Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform Back to Top

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform.
RD has determined that this rule meets the applicable standards provided in
section 3 of the Executive Order. Additionally, (1) all state and local laws and
regulations that are in conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2) no
retroactive effect will be given to the rule; and (3) administrative appeal
procedures, if any, must be exhausted before litigation against the Department
or its agencies may be initiated, in accordance with the regulations of the
National Appeals Division of USDA at 7 CFR part 11.
Environmental Impact Statement Back to Top

This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." RD has determined that this action does not constitute
a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the human
environment and, in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA)
of 1969, 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact Statement is not
required.
Unfunded Mandates Reform Act Back to Top

This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory provisions of Title
II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995) for State, local, and Tribal
governments or the private sector. Thus, this rule is not subject to the
requirements of sections 202 and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of
1995.
Regulatory Flexibility Act Back to Top

Under section 605(b) of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C. 605(b), RD
certifies that this rule will not have a significant economic impact on a
substantial number of small entities because the action will not affect a
significant number of small entities as defined by the Regulatory Flexibility
Act (5 U.S.C. 501). RBS made this determination based on the fact that this
action only impacts internal Agency procedures for determining how much of
available program funds are allocated to each state. Small entities will not be
impacted to a greater extent than large entities.
Executive Order 13132, Federalism Back to Top

The policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial direct effect on
states, on the relationship between the national government and the states, or
on the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on
state and local governments. Therefore, consultation with states is not
required.
Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments Back to Top

This executive order imposes requirements on RD in the development of regulatory
policies that have Tribal implications or preempt tribal laws. RD has determined
that the rule does not, to our knowledge, have a substantial direct effect on
one or more Indian Tribe(s) or on either the relationship or the distribution of
powers and responsibilities between the Federal Government and Indian Tribes.
Thus, this rule is not subject to the requirements of Executive Order 13175. If
a Tribe determines that this rule has implications of which RD is not aware and
would like to engage with RD on this rule, please contact RD's Native American
Coordinator at (202) 690-1681 or AIAN@wdc.usda.gov
Paperwork Reduction Act Back to Top

There are no reporting and recordkeeping requirements associated with this rule.

E-Government Act Compliance Back to Top

RD is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to promote the use of
the Internet and other information technologies, to provide increased
opportunities for citizens to access Government information and services
electronically.
I. Background and Discussion Back to Top

RD is amending numerous RD regulations in two broad areas--references to the
Farmners Home Administration and references to Bureau of Census data. For those
RD regulations affected by these two areas, RD is also making several additional
changes by updating the text with regard to applicability of the regulations to
the FSA; removing or updating outdated text, as applicable; and removing
unnecessary text.
II. Discussion of Changes Back to Top
A. Farmers Home Administration (FmHA)

Many RD regulations still contain references to the Farmers Home Administration,
or FmHA, which was the predecessor agency to both RD and FSA.

FmHA references most frequently encountered in RD regulations are in reference
to forms, instructions, and addresses. RD is either removing references that are
no longer necessary or updating the FmHA references to reflect the appropriate
entity, as applicable. New references will be to RD, Agency, to the specific RD
agency (Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Rural Housing Service, Rural
Utilities Service), to the "government," or to the United States, depending on
the context of the regulation. Where necessary in individual RD regulations,
definitions have been changed or added to reflect the new reference(s).
B. Census References

Many RD regulations refer to census data as the source to be used for various
popluation-, income-, and unemployment-related data. RD is amending those
portions of its regulations that reference U.S. Bureau of Census (Census Bureau)
and its data primarily due to changes in the data being reported by the Census
Bureau in the decennial Census.

Other changes are being implemented to further consistency among RD programs in
referencing sources to be used for population-related data requirements and
provisions and to provide clarification of how provisions are implemented.
Finally, RD is removing outdated or unnecessary text.

The following paragraphs discuss these changes.

1. Census Bureau data. RD allocates the funding for a number of its programs
using formulas that rely on data supplied by the Census Bureau, frequently as
found in the decennial Census. Most RD regulations refer to this as "using the
latest census data available" or similar language.

Starting with the 2010 census, however, the Census Bureau no longer reports
income data in the decennial Census. Thus, RD needs to identify an alternative
source for income-related data.

After examining several alternative data sources, RD determined that income data
published by the Census Bureau in the American Community Survey (ACS), as found
in the 5-year survey component of the ACS, provides the best source of data for
estimates of state-level income and poverty data, even though such are no longer
being published in the decennial Census. RD is also aware that the data
contained in the ACS may not meet the needs of a specific program and that the
ACS may at some point in the future be replaced or discontinued. For these
reasons, RD is using "5-year income data from the American Community Survey
(ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data" to indicate the source of the
data to be used.

In some instances, RD regulations refer to using other data sources for
income-related data if the ACS or Census Bureau data are outdated. RD is
retaining that concept where it currently exists, but modifying the language to
address the revision noted in the preceding paragraph.

2. Consistency and clarification. As described below, RD is making several
changes to create consistency between the RD programs.

a. Whenever a regulation is directing the use of the decennial Census as the
data source, RD is using "the most recent decennial Census of the United States
(decennial Census)" consistently throughout the RD regulations. This change
brings consistency among the three RD agencies and their regulations.

b. RD regulations apply not only to what most people understand as the 50 states
of the United States, but also to the U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, Guam,
American Samoa, the Marshall Islands, etc. The decennial Census does not report
population for most of these territories. Some, but not all, of the RD
regulations clearly identify how population data are to be obtained for these
other areas. To make this consistent, RD is revising text to make clear in all
its regulations the data sources to be used. Specifically, if the decennial
Census does not provide the applicable population information, then RD will
determine the applicable population data based on available population data.
C. FSA Related Changes

When they were operating as the Farmers Home Adminstration, RD and FSA shared
many regulations. With RD and FSA now separate entities, many of the regulations
in 7 CFR no longer apply to FSA. Some of these regulations have already been
identified as no longer being applicable to FSA. There are a few regulations,
however, that still need to be identified as no being applicable to FSA and RD
is adding text to that effect. The regulations are: 7 CFR 1900 subpart A, 7 CFR
1902 subpart A, and 7 CFR 1910 subpart B.
D. Outdated and/or Unnecessary Text in Those Parts and Subparts That Contain
Either Reference to Census Bureau or FmHA

Once RD identified those CFR parts that need updating with regard to references
to FmHA and the Census Bureau, RD also identified a number of other outdated or
unnecessary material, and thus is revising such material. In brief, these
changes:

Remove reference to Rand McNally and Company as an alternative source of
population data (7 CFR 1735.2, 7 CFR 1737.2);
    Remove references to a Federal Communications Commission Web site and to a
Census Tiger Map (7 CFR 1740.8(b)(1)(i) and (c)(1);
    Remove a series of Agency forms from 7 CFR 1980, Subpart E and their
conforming references. Specifically, RD will no longer publish in the CFR RD
forms identified as: (1) Appendix A, (2) Appendix B, (3) Appendix F, (4)
Exhibits A through C to Appendix I to Subpart E of Part 1980, and (5) Exhibits A
through C to Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980. The applicable forms will
continue to be available in RD offices and through RD's Web site;
    Remove reference to the year 2000 as it currently modifies "Census block" in
7 CFR 1709(b);
    Remove the first paragraph in the definition of Rural and rural area in 7
CFR 3575.1. This paragraph references Fiscal Year 1999 and is thus obsolete; and

    Update the reference to the Legislative Affairs and Public Information Staff
(LAPIS) with the Legislative and Public Affairs Staff (LAPAS) (7 CFR parts 1942,
1944, 1948, and 1980).

E. Other

For the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) program, RD is
modifying both the definition of Rural or rural area" (7 CFR 4280.3) and the
scoring criterion associated with the decline in population for the county where
the project is physically located (7 CFR 4280.42(b)(7)).

RD is modifying the definition of "Rural or rural area" for REDLG to make the
definition consistent with the definition for "rural or rural area" found in the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP), whose definition is more
comprehensive and consistent with other definitions with Rural
Business-Cooperative Service programs.

RD is modifying the identified scoring criterion by adding reference to making
the calculation using the an "equivalent time frame" in those instances where
data is used from a data source other than the decennial Census.
List of Subjects Back to Top
7 CFR Part 1709

Administrative practice and procedure
    Electric utilities
    Grant programs--energy
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1714

Electric power
    Loan programs--energy
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1735

Loan programs--communications
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Telephone

7 CFR Part 1737

Loan programs--communications
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1738

Broadband
    Loan programs--communications
    Rural areas
    Telecommunications
    Telephone

7 CFR Part 1739

Broadband
    Grant programs--Communications
    Rural areas
    Telecommunications
    Telephone

7 CFR Part 1740

Grant programs--Digital televisions; Communications
    Rural areas
    Television

7 CFR Part 1774

Community development
    Grant programs
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply

7 CFR Part 1775

Business and industry
    Community development
    Community facilities
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply
    Watersheds

7 CFR Part 1776

Agriculture
    Community development
    Community facilities
    Credit
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Nonprofit organizations
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water pollution control
    Water resources
    Water supply
    Watersheds

7 CFR Part 1777

Community development
    Community facilities
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply
    Watersheds

7 CFR Part 1778

Community development
    Community facilities
    Grant programs--Housing and Community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply
    Watersheds

7 CFR Part 1779

Loan programs--housing and community development
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply

7 CFR Part 1780

Community development
    Community facilities
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply
    Watersheds

7 CFR Part 1781

Community development
    Community facilities
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply
    Watersheds

7 CFR Part 1783

Business and industry
    Community development
    Community facilities
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply
    Watersheds

7 CFR Part 1806

Agriculture
    Flood insurance
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1810

Agriculture
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--Housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1822

Loan programs--Housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Nonprofit organizations
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1900

Administrative practice and procedure
    Authority delegations (Government agencies)
    Conflict of interests
    Government employees
    Grant programs--agriculture
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1901

Agriculture
    Civil rights
    Fair housing
    Grant programs--agriculture
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Grant programs--Indians
    Historic preservation
    Indians
    Intergovernmental relations
    Loan Programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Marital status discrimination
    Minimum wages
    Religious discrimination
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Sex discrimination

7 CFR Part 1902

Accounting; Banks
    banking; Grant programs--agriculture
    Grant programs--housing and community development; Loan
programs--agriculture; Loan programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements

7 CFR Part 1910

Agriculture
    Credit
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements

7 CFR Part 1924

Agriculture
    Administrative practice and procedures
    Claims
    Credit
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Housing Standards
    Loan programs-agriculture
    Low and moderate income housing
    Manufactured homes
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1925

Agriculture
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Rural areas
    Taxes

7 CFR Part 1927

Agriculture
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1940

Agriculture
    Environmental protection
    Flood plains
    Grant programs--agriculture
    Grant programs-housing and community development
    Loan programs-agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Truth in lending

7 CFR Part 1942

Business and industry
    Community facilities
    Fire prevention
    Grant programs--business
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Grant programs--Indians
    Indians
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs-housing and community development
    Loan programs--Indians
    Loan programs--natural resources
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply
    Watersheds

7 CFR Part 1944

Administrative practice and procedure
    Aged
    Cooperatives
    Fair housing
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Home improvement
    Individuals with disabilities
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Manufactured homes
    Migrant labor
    Rent subsidies
    Reporting requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1948

Coal
    Community facilities
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Uranium

7 CFR Part 1950

Accounting
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Military personnel
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1951

Accounting
    Claims
    Community facilities
    Credit
    Disaster assistance
    Government employees
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Housing
    Income taxes
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Wages

7 CFR Part 1955

Agriculture
    Drug traffic control
    Government property
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1956

Accounting
    Business and industry
    Claims
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1957

Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1962

Agriculture
    Bankruptcy
    Drug traffic control
    Government property
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1980

Agriculture
    Business and industry
    Community facilities
    Credit
    Disaster assistance
    Livestock
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--business
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 3550

Administrative practice and procedure
    Environmental impact statements
    Fair housing
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Housing
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Manufactured homes
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 3560

Accounting
    Administrative practice and procedure
    Aged
    Conflict of interests
    Government property management
    Grant programs--Housing and community development
    Insurance
    Loan programs--Agriculture
    Loan programs--Housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Migrant labor
    Mortgages
    Nonprofit organizations
    Public housing
    Rent subsidies
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 3570

Administrative practice and procedure
    Fair Housing
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    ousing
    Low and moderate income housing
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 3575

Loan programs--agriculture

7 CFR Part 4274

Community development
    Loan programs--business
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 4279

Loan programs--business
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 4280

Loan programs--Business and industry
    Economic development
    Energy
    Energy efficiency improvements
    Feasibility studies
    Grant programs
    Guaranteed loan programs
    Renewable energy systems
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 4284

Business and industry
    Community development
    Community facilities
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply

7 CFR Part 4288

Administrative practice and procedure
    Energy--advanced biofuel
    Renewable biomass
    Reporting and recordkeeping

7 CFR Part 4290

Community development
    Government securities
    Grant programs--business
    Securities
    Small businesses

For the reasons discussed above, Rural Development is amending chapters XVII,
XVIII, XXXV, and XLII of title 7, of the Code of Federal Regulations as follows
CHAPTER XVII--RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Back to Top
begin regulatory text
PART 1709--ASSISTANCE TO HIGH ENERGY COST COMMUNITIES Back to Top
end regulatory text

1.The authority citation for part 1709 continues to read as follows:
Authority: Back to Top

5 U.S.C. 301, 7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.
begin regulatory text
Subpart B--RUS High Energy Cost Grant Program Back to Top
§ 1709.107 [Amended]

2.Amend § 1709.107(b) by removing "2000 Census block" and adding "Census block
according to the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census)" in its place.

3.Revise § 1709.123(c)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1709.123 Evaluation criteria and weights.

* * * * *

(c) * * *

(2) Rurality. Priority consideration may be given to proposals that serve
smaller rural communities. Applications will be scored based on the population
of the largest incorporated cities, towns or villages or census designated
places included within the grant's proposed target area as determined using the
population figures from the most recent decennial Census. If the applicable
population figure cannot be based on the most recent decennial Census, RD will
determine the applicable population figure based on available population data.

* * * * *
Subpart C--Bulk Fuel Revolving Fund Grant Program Back to Top

4.Revise § 1709.210(c)(3) to read as follows:
§ 1709.210 Application process.

* * * * *

(c) * * *

(3) Assessment of needs and potential beneficiaries. The application must
provide estimates of the number, location and population of potentially eligible
areas in the State and their estimated fuel needs and costs. The section must
also describe the criteria used to identify eligible areas, including the
characteristics that make fuel deliveries by surface transport impossible or
impracticable. The description of beneficiary communities should provide a
detailed breakdown of the density profile of the area to be served by eligible
projects. Indicate to what extent persons in eligible areas live outside of
communities of 2,500 persons or more, communities of 5,000 or more or outside of
communities of 20,000 or more. All population estimates should be based on the
most recent decennial Census of the United States. If the applicable population
estimate cannot be based on the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine
the applicable population figure based on available population data. All
representations should be supported with exhibits such as maps, summary tables
and references to official information sources.

* * * * *
PART 1714--PRE-LOAN POLICIES AND PROCEDURES FOR INSURED ELECTRIC LOANS Back to
Top

5.The authority citation for part 1714 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.; 1921 et seq.; and 6941 et seq.
Subpart A--General Back to Top

6.Revise the second and third sentences in § 1714.5(d) to read as follows:
§ 1714.5 Determination of interest rates on municipal rate loans.

* * * * *

(d) * * * The method used to determine this rate is set forth in the regulations
of the Rural Housing Service at 7 CFR 1942.17(f)(1) and (4). Pursuant to the RUS
rule, the interest rates are set using as guidance the average of the Bond Buyer
Index for the four weeks prior to the first Friday of the last month before the
beginning of the quarter. * * *

7.Revise § 1714.7(b)(2)(i) and (ii) to read as follows:
§ 1714.7 Interest rate cap.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) * * *

(i) To qualify under the consumer income test, the borrower must include in its
loan application information about the location of its residential consumers.
The borrower must provide to RUS, based on the most recent data available at the
time of loan application, either the number of consumers in each county it
serves or the number of consumers in each census tract it serves. Using 5-year
income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census
Bureau data, RUS will compare, on a weighted average basis, the average per
capita and median household income of the counties or census tracts served by
the borrower with state figures.

(ii) If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does
not accurately represent the economic conditions of the borrower's consumers,
the reasons will be documented and the borrower may furnish, or RD may obtain,
additional information regarding such economic conditions. Information must
consist of reliable data from local, regional, State, or Federal sources or from
a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source. The Administrator has the
sole discretion to determine whether such data submitted by the borrower is
sufficient to determine whether the borrower qualifies under the consumer income
test.

* * * * *
PART 1735--GENERAL POLICIES, TYPES OF LOANS, LOAN
REQUIREMENTS-TELECOMMUNICATIONS PROGRAM Back to Top

8.The authority citation for part 1735 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 901 et seq., 1921 et seq., and 6941 et seq.
Subpart A--General Back to Top

9.In § 1735.2, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1735.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area means any area of the United States, its territories and insular
possessions (including any area within the Federated States of Micronesia, the
Republic of the Marshall Islands, and the Republic of Palau) not included within
the boundaries of any incorporated or unincorporated city, village or borough
having a population exceeding 5,000 inhabitants. The population figure is
obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data. For purposes of the "rural area" definition,
the character of an area is determined as of a time the initial loan for the
system is made.

* * * * *
Subpart B--Loan Purposes and Basic Policies Back to Top

10.Revise § 1735.10(g) to read as follows:
§ 1735.10 General.

* * * * *

(g) For the purpose of paragraph (a)(2) of this section, rural areas means any
area that is not located within a city, town, or incorporated area that has a
population of greater than 20,000 inhabitants or within an urbanized area
contiguous and adjacent to a city or town that has a population of greater than
50,000 inhabitants. For the purpose of the definition of rural area,

(1) The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census of
the United States (decennial Census). If the applicable population figure cannot
be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the
applicable population figure based on available population data; and

(2) An urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in the most
recent decennial Census.
PART 1737--PRE-LOAN POLICIES AND PROCEDURES COMMON TO INSURED AND GUARANTEED
TELECOMMUNICATIONS LOANS Back to Top

11.The authority citation for part 1737 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 901 et seq., 1921 et seq.; Pub. L. 103-354, 108 Stat. 3178 (7 U.S.C.
6941 et.seq.).

12.In § 1737.2, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1737.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area means any area of the United States, its territories and possessions
(including any area within the Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of
the Marshall Islands, and the Republic of Palau) not included within the
boundaries of any incorporated or unincorporated city, village or borough having
a population exceeding 5,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from
the most recent decennial Census of the United States. If the applicable
population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD
will determine the applicable population figure based on available population
data. For purposes of the "rural area" definition, the character of an area is
determined as of a time the initial loan for the system is made.

* * * * *
PART 1738--RURAL BROADBAND ACCESS LOANS AND LOAN GUARANTEES Back to Top

13.The authority citation for part 1738 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Pub. L. 107-171, 7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.
Subpart A--General Back to Top

14.In § 1738.2(a), revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1738.2 Definitions.

(a) * * *

Rural area means any area, as confirmed by the most recent decennial Census of
the United States (decennial Census), which is not located within:

(i) A city, town, or incorporated area that has a population of greater than
20,000 inhabitants; or

(ii) An urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to a city or town that has a
population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants. For purposes of the definition of
rural area, an urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in
the most recent decennial Census.

* * * * *
PART 1739--BROADBAND GRANT PROGRAM Back to Top

15.The authority citation for part 1739 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Title III, Pub. L. 108-199, 118 Stat. 3.

16.In § 1739.3, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1739.3 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area means any area, as confirmed by the most recent decennial Census of
the United States (decennial Census), which is not located within:

(1) A city, town, or incorporated area that has a population of greater than
20,000 inhabitants; or

(2) An urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to a city or town that has a
population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants. For purposes of the definition of
rural area, an urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in
the most recent decennial Census.

* * * * *
PART 1740--PUBLIC TELEVISION STATION DIGITAL TRANSITION GRANT PROGRAM Back to
Top

17.The authority citation for part 1740 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2005; Title III: Rural Development Programs;
Rural Utilities Service; Distance Learning, Telemedicine, and Broadband Program;
Pub. L. 108-447.
Subpart A--Public Televsion Station Digital Transition Grant Program Back to Top

§ 1740.8 [Amended]

18.Amend § 1740.8 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(1)(i), removing "http://www.fcc.gov/fcc-bin/audio/tvq.html"
and removing ", overlaid on a Census Tiger Map. The map also shows counties
covered" and

b. In paragraph (c)(1), removing the last sentence.
PART 1774--SPECIAL EVALUATION ASSISTANCE FOR RURAL COMMUNITIES AND HOUSEHOLDS
PROGRAM Back to Top

19.The authority citation for part 1774 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(2)(C).
Subpart A--General Provisions Back to Top

20.In § 1774.2, revise the definitions of "Financially distressed area" and "
Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1774.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Financially distressed area. An area is considered financially distressed if the
median household income of the area to be served is either below the poverty
line or below 80 percent of the statewide non-metropolitan median household
income according to the 5-year income data from the American Community Survey
(ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. If there is reason to believe
that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does not accurately represent the
median household income of the area to be served, the reasons will be documented
and the borrower may furnish, or RD may obtain, additional information regarding
such median household income data. Information must consist of reliable data
from local, regional, State or Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a
reliable impartial source.

* * * * *

Rural area. For the purposes of this SEARCH program, any area not in a city or
town with a population of 2,500 or fewer, according to the most recent decennial
Census of the United States (decennial Census). If the applicable population
figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD will
determine the applicable population figure based on available population data.

* * * * *
PART 1775--TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE GRANTS Back to Top

21.The authority citation for part 1775 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.
Subpart A--General Provisions Back to Top

22.In § 1775.2, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1775.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area. Any area not in a city or town with a population in excess of
10,000, according to the most recent decennial Census of the United States. If
the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent
decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure based on
available population data.

* * * * *
PART 1776--HOUSEHOLD WATER WELL SYSTEM GRANT PROGRAM Back to Top

23.The authority citation for part 1776 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1926e.
Subpart A--General Back to Top

24.In § 1776.3, revise the definition of "Eligible individual" to read as
follows:
§ 1776.3 Definitions.

* * * * *

Eligible individual means an individual who is a member of a household the
members of which have a combined income (for the most recent 12-month period for
which the information is available) that is not more than 100 percent of the
median nonmetropolitan household income for the State or territory in which the
individual resides, according to 5-year income data from the American Community
Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. If there is reason to
believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does not accurately represent
the median nonmetropolitan household income for the State or territory in which
the individual resides, the reasons will be documented and the applicant may
furnish, or RD may obtain, additional information regarding such median
household income data. Information must consist of reliable data from local,
regional, State or Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a reliable
impartial source.

* * * * *
PART 1777--SECTION 306C WWD LOANS AND GRANTS Back to Top

25.The authority citation for part 1777 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.

26.In § 1777.4, revise the definition of "Rural areas" to read as follows:
§ 1777.4 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural areas. Includes unincorporated areas and any city or town with a
population not in excess of 10,000 inhabitants located in any of the 50 States,
the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Western Pacific Territories, Marshall
Islands, Federated States of Micronesia, Republic of Palau, and the U.S. Virgin
Islands. The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census
of the United States. If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained
from the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable
population figure based on available population data.

* * * * *

27.Revise § 1777.12(a)(1) to read as follows:
§ 1777.12 Eligibility.

(a) * * *

(1) Per capita income of the residents is not more than 70 percent of the most
recent national average per capita income, as determined by 5-year income data
from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data
does not accurately represent the per capita income of the residents, the
reasons will be documented and the borrower/applicant may furnish, or RD may
obtain, additional information regarding such per capita income data.
Information must consist of reliable data from local, regional, State or Federal
sources or from a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source, and

* * * * *
PART 1778--EMERGENCY AND IMMINENT COMMUNITY WATER ASSISTANCE GRANTS Back to Top

28.The authority citation for part 1778 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301, 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.

29.In § 1778.4, revise the definition of "Rural areas" to read as follows:
§ 1778.4 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural areas. Includes any area not in a city or town with a population in excess
of 10,000 inhabitants located in any of the fifty States, the Commonwealth of
Puerto Rico, the Western Pacific Territories, Marshall Islands, Federated States
of Micronesia, Republic of Palau, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. The population
figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States
(decennial Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from
the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population
figure based on available population data.

* * * * *

30.Revise § 1778.10(a)(1) and (2) to read as follows:
§ 1778.10 Restrictions.

(a) * * *

(1) Assist any city or town with a population in excess of 10,000 inhabitants.
The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census. If the
applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial
Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure based on available
population data. Facilities financed by RUS may be located in non-rural areas.
However, loan and grant funds may be used to finance only that portion of the
facility serving rural areas, regardless of facility location.

(2) Assist a rural area that has a median household income in excess of the
statewide nonmetropolitan median household income as determined by 5-year income
data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data
does not accurately represent the median household income of the rural area, the
reasons will be documented and the applicant may furnish, or RD may obtain,
additional information regarding such median household income data. Information
must consist of reliable data from local, regional, State or Federal sources or
from a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source.

* * * * *
§ 1778.13 [Amended]

31.Amend § 1778.13(b) by removing "decennial census of the United States" and
adding "decennical Census" in its place.
PART 1779--WATER AND WASTE DISPOSAL PROGRAMS GUARANTEED LOANS Back to Top

32.The authority citation for part 1779 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.

33.In § 1779.2, revise the definition of "Rural and rural area" to read as
follows:
§ 1779.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural and rural area. Any area not in a city or town with a population in excess
of 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from the most recent
decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census). If the applicable
population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD
will determine the applicable population figure based on available population
data.

* * * * *
PART 1780--WATER AND WASTE LOANS AND GRANTS Back to Top

34.The authority citation for part 1780 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.
Subpart A--General Policies and Requirements Back to Top

35.Revise the second, third, and fourth sentences of § 1780.1(b) to read as
follows:
§ 1780.1 General.

* * * * *

(b) * * * The median household income of the service area and the
nonmetropolitan median household income of the State will be determined from
income data from 5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or,
if needed, other Census Bureau data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS
or other Census Bureau data does not accurately represent the median household
income within the area to be served, the reasons will be documented and the
applicant may furnish, or RD may obtain, additional information regarding such
median household income data. Information must consist of reliable data from
local, regional, State or Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a
reliable impartial source. * * *

36.In § 1780.3, revise the definition of "Rural and rural areas" to read as
follows:
§ 1780.3 Definitions and grammatical rules of construction.

* * * * *

Rural and rural areas means any area not in a city or town with a population in
excess of 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from the most
recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census). If the
applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial
Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure based on available
population data.

* * * * *

37.Revise § 1780.18(c)(2)(ii) to read as follows:
§ 1780.18 Allocation of program funds.

* * * * *

(c) * * *

(2) * * *

(ii) The data sources for each criterion identified in paragraph (c)(2) of this
section are specified in paragraphs (c)(2)(ii)(A) through (C) of this section.
Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its relevance in
determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is multiplied by
the weight factor and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF). The SF cannot
exceed 0.05, as follows:

SF = (criterion in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(A) of this section × 50 percent) +
(criterion in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(B) × 25 percent) + (criterion in paragraph
(b)(2)(i)(C) of this section × 25 percent)

(A) For the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(A) of this section, the
most recent decennial Census data.

(B) For the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(B) of this section,
5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other
Census Bureau data.

(C) For the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(C) of this section, the
most recent Bureau of Labor Statistics data.

* * * * *
Subpart B--Loan and Grant Application Processing Back to Top

38.Revise § 1780.49(b)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1780.49 Rural or Native Alaskan villages.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) Rural or Native Alaskan village. A rural or Native Alaskan community which
meets the definition of a village under State statutes and does not have a
population in excess of 10,000 inhabitants according to the most recent
decennial Census.

* * * * *
PART 1781--RESOURCE CONSERVATION AND DEVELOPMENT (RCD) LOANS AND WATERSHED (WS)
LOANS AND ADVANCES Back to Top

39.The authority citation for part 1781 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.
§ 1781.2 [Amended]

40.Amend the first sentence of § 1781.2(a) by removing ", successor to the
Farmers's Home Administration" in the first sentence.
PART 1783--REVOLVING FUNDS FOR FINANCING WATER AND WASTEWATER PROJECTS
(REVOLVING FUND PROGRAM) Back to Top

41.The authority citation for part 1783 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1926 (a)(2)(B).
Subpart A--General Back to Top

42.In § 1783.3, revise the definition of "Rural and rural area" to read as
follows:
§ 1783.3 What definitions are used in this regulation?

* * * * *

Rural and rural area means a city, town or unincorporated area that has a
population of no more than 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained
from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census).
If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent
decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure based on
available population data.

* * * * *
CHAPTER XVIII--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE, RURAL
UTILITIES SERVICE, AND FARM SERVICE AGENCY, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Back to
Top
PART 1806--INSURANCE Back to Top

43.The authority citation for part 1806 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--Real Property Insurance Back to Top
§ 1806.1 [Amended]

44.Amend § 1806.1 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Rural Housing Service (RHS). Any references
herein to the Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its employees are intended
to mean FSA or RHS, as applicable, and their employees." and adding "Rural
Housing Service (RHS), herein referred to as the "Agency." in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b) and (d), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (e), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"interest of the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "interest of RD" in its place.
§ 1806.2 [Amended]

45.Amend § 1806.2 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(5)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b)(6) introductory text and (b)(6)(i), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (b)(9) and (b)(10) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the
Agency" in their place;

d. In paragraph (b)(11) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "the Agency has" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "the Agency will" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(11)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(11)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 is" and adding "the Agency is" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (b)(11)(iv) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraph (b)(11)(iv)(A), removing "United States of America (Farmers Home
Administration or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354)" and adding
"United States of America (Rural Development)" in its place and removing "naming
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "naming the
Agency" in its place;

h. In paragraph (b)(11)(iv)(B), removing "United States of America (Farmers Home
Administration or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354)" and adding
"United States of America (Rural Development)" in its place and removing "by
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the
Agency" in its place;

i. In paragraph (b)(11)(iv)(C), removing "the Farmers Home Admnistration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

j. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"in which the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"in which the Agency" in its place;

k. In paragraph (d)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

l. In paragraph (d)(1)(iii)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "the" in its place;

m. In paragraph (d)(2), removing "against the FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "against the Agency" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 mortgage" and adding
"Agency mortgage" in its place; and

n. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 loan" and adding "Agency loan" in its place and removing "for FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loans" and adding "for the Agency
loans" in its place.
§ 1806.3 [Amended]

46.Amend § 1806.3 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(1), (b), and (c)(1)(v), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in their
place;

b. In paragraph (c)(1)(vii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in their place; and

c. In paragraph (c)(1)(viii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in their place.
§ 1806.4 [Amended]

47.Amend § 1806.4 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in their place;

b. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "upon demand to FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "upon demand to the Agency" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (b)(2)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the Agency" in their place.
§ 1806.5 [Amended]

48.Amend § 1806.5 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text and (i)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 " and adding "the Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 was" and adding "the Agency was" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (a)(2), (b)(1), and (b)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 " and adding "Agency" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (b)(2)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place and removing "jointly to
the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "jointly
to the Agency" in its place;

f. In paragraph (c)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraphs (c)(1)(iv) and (e)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

h. In paragraph (g) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place;

i. In paragraphs (g)(2) and (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 " and adding "Agency" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (i)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 official" and adding "Agency official" in its place and removing
"whether FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"whether the Agency" in its place.
§ 1806.6 [Amended]

49.Amend § 1806.6 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in their place;

e. In paragraph (a)(1)(v), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 account" and adding
"Agency account" in its place;

f. In paragraph (a)(1)(vii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 as mortgagee" and adding "Agency as mortgagee" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place; and

h. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "from the FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "from the Agency" in
its place.
Subpart B--National Flood Insurance Back to Top
§ 1806.21 [Amended]

50.Amend § 1806.21(a) by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development and
Farm Service Agency, herein referred to as the "Agency"," in its place.
§ 1806.22 [Amended]

51.Amend § 1806.22 by:

a. In the paragraph heading of paragraph (b), removing "Farmers Home
Administration or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The
Agency" in its place; and

b. In the first sentence of paragraph (b), removing "the FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 National Office" and adding "the National
Office" in its place.
§ 1806.23 [Amended]

52.Amend § 1806.23(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1806.25 [Amended]

53.Amend § 1806.25 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place and

b. In paragraph (c)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place.
PART 1810--INTEREST RATES, TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND APPROVAL AUTHORITY Back to Top

54.The authority citation for part 1810 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1989; 14 U.S.C. 1480; 7 CFR 2.23; 7 CFR 2.70.
Subpart A--Interest Rates, Amortization, Guarantee Fee, Annual Charge, and Fixed
Period Back to Top
§ 1810.1 [Amended]

55.Amend § 1810.1 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency (Rural Business-Cooperative Service and Rural
Housing Service of the U.S. Department of Agriculture)" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "U.S. Department of Agriculture" in
its place.
§ 1810.2 [Amended]

56.Amend § 1810.2(b) and (c) by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in their place.
PART 1822--Rural Housing Loans and Grants Back to Top

57.The authority citation for part 1822 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

42 U.S.C. 1480; 5 U.S.C. 301; 7 CFR 2.23; 7 CFR 2.70.
Subpart G--Rural Housing Site Loan Policies, Procedures, and Authorizations Back
to Top
§ 1822.261 [Amended]

58.Amend § 1822.261 by removing "assistance to FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development (RD)" in its place and
removing "with an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
employee" and adding "with an RD employee" in its place.
§ 1822.264 [Amended]

59.Amend § 1822.264(b) by removing "The Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RHS" in its place.
§ 1822.265 [Amended]

60.Amend § 1822.265(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354".
§ 1822.266 [Amended]

61.Amend § 1822.266(e)(4) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1822.267 [Amended]

62.Amend § 1822.267 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (d), removing "using a form entitled, "((Rural Housing Site)
Loan to Nonprofit Corporation)" available at all FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 offices";

c. In paragraph (e), removing ", and certain information in a guide entitled
"Planning and Developing Building Sites" available at all FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 offices";

d. In paragraph (h), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

f. In paragraph (k)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (l)(2) introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (l)(2)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

i. In paragraph (l)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (l)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "The government's" in its place.
§ 1822.268 [Amended]

63.Amend § 1822.268(a) by:

a. Removing "charged by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "charged by Rural Development" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "RD office" in its place.
§ 1822.270 [Amended]

64.Amend § 1822.270(a) introductory text by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1822.271 [Amended]

65.Amend § 1822.271 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(3)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place and

b. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs in the column labeled "Form No." and adding "RD" in
its place.
§ 1822.274 [Amended]

66.Amend § 1822.274 by:

a. In paragraph (b) first sentence, removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 1927-1 (state), Real Estate Mortgage -for ___," will"
and adding "Form RD 3550-14, "Real Estate Mortgage or Deed of Trust for
(state)," will" in its place and in the first paragraph of the quoted material
in the third sentence by removing "basis for the FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "basis for Rural Development" in its place;
and

b. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1822.275 [Amended]

67.Amend § 1822.275(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1822.278 [Amended]

68.Amend § 1822.278(g) by:

a. In the first sentence, removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 1927-1 (state), Real Estate ___for___(Direct Loan)," will"
and adding "Form RD 3550-14, "Real Estate Mortgage or Deed of Trust for
(state)," will" in its place; and

b. In the first paragraph of the quoted material in the third sentence, removing
"basis for the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"basis for Rural Development" in its place.
PART 1900--GENERAL Back to Top

69.The authority citation for part 1900 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 7 U.S.C. 6991, et seq.; 42 U.S.C. 1480;
Reorganization Plan No. 2 of 1953 (5 U.S.C. App.).
§ 1900.1 [Amended]

70.Amend § 1900.1 by:

a. Removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. Adding "This subpart is inapplicable to Farm Service Agency, Farm Loan
Programs." at the end of the section.
§ 1900.2 [Amended]

71.Amend § 1900.2 introductory text and paragraph (g) by removing "the Farmers
Home Administration or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1900.3 [Amended]

72.Amend § 1900.3 by removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor
Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1900.5 [Amended]

73.Amend § 1900.5 by removing "the FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1900.6 [Amended]

74.Amend § 1900.6(a) and (b) by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1900.7 [Amended]

75.Amend § 1900.7 by removing "Administrator of the Farmers Home Administration
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary
for Rural Development" in its place.
Subpart C--Applicability of Federal Law Back to Top
§ 1900.101 [Amended]

76.Amend § 1900.101 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "Agency" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

b. In paragraph (a), removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

c. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1900.102 [Amended]

77.Amend § 1900.102 by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and "Farmers Home Administration or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever they occur and adding "Rural Development" in their place.
Subpart D--Processing and Servicing Rural Development Assistance to Employees,
Relatives, and Associates Back to Top

78.Revise the heading of Subpart D to read as set forth above.

79.Revise § 1900.151(a) introductory text and (b) to read as follows:
§ 1900.151 General.

(a) The Standards of Ethical Conduct for Employees of the Executive Branch
requires the maintenance of high standards of honesty, integrity, and
impartiality by employees. To reduce the potential for employee conflict of
interest, any processing, approval, servicing or review activity, including
access through automated information systems, is conducted only by authorized
Rural Development employees who:

* * * * *

(b) No provision of this subpart takes precedence over individual program
requirements or restrictions relating to eligibility for Rural Development
assistance to Rural Development employees, members of families of employees,
close relatives, or business or close personal associates of employees.

* * * * *
§ 1900.152 [Amended]

80.Amend § 1900.152 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "
Rural Development" wherever it occurs in its place in the following definitions:

i. `Applicant or borrower';

ii. `Assistance';

iii. `Employee'; and

iv. `Recipient'; and

b. Removing "an FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "a Rural Development" in its place in the definition of `Conflict of
Interest'.

81.Revise § 1900.153 to read as follows:
§ 1900.153 Identifying and reporting an employee relationship.

(a) Responsibility of applicant. When an application for assistance is filed,
the processing official asks if there is any known relationship or association
with a Rural Development employee. The applicant is required to disclose the
requested information under pertinent program regulations.

(b) Responsibility of the Rural Development employee. A Rural Development
employee who knows he or she is related to or associated with an applicant or
recipient, regardless of whether the relationship or association is known to
others, is required to notify the Rural Development official who is processing
or servicing the assistance, in writing. RD Guide Letter 1900-D-1 (available in
any RD office) may be used as the notice. If the appropriate official is not
known, the State Director should be notified. Regardless of whether the
relationship or association is defined in § 1900.152, if the employee believes
there may be a potential conflict of interest, the Rural Development official
who is processing or servicing the assistance may be notified and special
handling requested. An employee's request that the case receive special handling
is usually honored.

(c) Responsibility of the Rural Development official. When any relationship or
association is identified, the Rural Development official completes and submits
RD Guide Letter 1900-D-2 to the State Director (or Administrator, under
paragraph (e) of this section or § 1900.155(a)). When completed, RD Guide Letter
1900-D-3 is returned by the State Director, the processing official;

(d) Relationship or association established after application for Rural
Development assistance. If a relationship or association is established after an
application has been filed or assistance has been provided, both recipient and
employee are required to notify the Rural Development official as described in
paragraphs (a) and (b) of this section.

(e) Relationship or association with a State Office, Finance Office or National
Office employee. If an identified relationship or association is with an
employee at a State Office (other than a State Director), Finance Office or
National Office, the processing/servicing official completes and submits RD
Guide Letter 1900-D-2 to the State Director in the normal manner. The State
Director reviews the information, determines the need for special handling,
designates the processing/servicing official, completes and submits RD Guide
Letter 1900-D-3 to the Administrator for written concurrence. When the
Administrator's concurrence is received, the State Director returns completed RD
Guide Letter 1900-D-3 to the original official who completes the action
described in paragraph (c) of this section.

(f) Relationship or association with a State Director. If an identified
relationship or association is with a State Director, the processing/servicing
official completes and submits RD Guide Letter 1900-D-2 to the Administrator.
The Administrator reviews, determines the need for special handling, designates
the processing/servicing official, completes and returns RD Guide Letter
1900-D-3 to the original official who completes the action described in
paragraph (c) of this section.

(g) Change in relationship or association, status of Rural Development
assistance, or employee's duty station. If the relationship or association has
changed, the application denied or the assistance otherwise terminated, or Rural
Development employee's duty station changed, the designated processing/servicing
official completes RD Guide Letter 1900-D-2 with the new information and submits
it. The review process takes place as described in paragraphs (a) through (e) of
this section to determine if processing/servicing activity may return to normal
or requires another change. If the assistance is denied or otherwise terminated,
the designated official notifies the original official.
§ 1900.155 [Amended]

82.Amend § 1900.155(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1900.156 [Amended]

83.Amend § 1900.156(g) by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
PART 1901--PROGRAM-RELATED INSTRUCTIONS Back to Top

84.The authority citation for part 1901 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart K--Certificates of Beneficial Ownership and Insured Notes Back to Top
§ 1901.501 [Amended]

85.Amend § 1901.501 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.

86.Revise § 1901.503(a)(2) through (a)(7), (a)(9), (a)(10), (a)(12), (a)(13),
(a)(15) through (a)(17), (a)(19), and (b)(1) through (b)(6) to read as follows:
§ 1901.503 Definitions.

(a) * * *

(2) Certificate. A certificate of beneficial ownership issued by Rural
Development under this subpart.

(3) Director, Finance Office. The Director or the Insured Loan Officer of the
Finance Office of Rural Development.

(4) Rural Development. The United States acting through the Rural Housing
Service, the Rural Utilities Service, or the Rural Business-Cooperative Service
or their successor agencies.

(5) Finance Office. The office which maintains the Rural Development finance
records. It is located at 1520 Market Street, St. Louis, Missouri 63103. (Phone:
314-425-4400)

(6) Fixed period. Any time interval (preceding an option period) during which
the insured holder is not entitled to require Rural Development to purchase the
insured note, as specified in the insurance agreement.

(7) Insurance agreement. The entire contract evidencing and setting forth the
terms and conditions of Rural Development insurance of the payment for the
insured note. The insurance agreement with respect to any particular loan may be
evidenced by Form RD 440-5, "Insurance Endorsement (Insured Loan)," RD 440-30,
"Insurance Endorsement (Insure Loans)," or any other form or forms prescribed by
the National Office and executed by an authorized official of Rural Development.
It may include such provisions as, for example, an agreement of Rural
Development to purchase or repurchase the loan, or to make supplementary
payments from the insurance fund.

* * * * *

(9) Insured holder. The current owner of an insured note other than Rural
Development, according to the records of Rural Development as insurer of the
note.

(10) Insured note. Any promissory note or bond evidencing an insured loan
regardless of whether it is held by Rural Development in the insurance fund, by
a private holder, or by Rural Development as trustee.

* * * * *

(12) National Office. The Administrator or other authorized officer of Rural
Development in Washington, DC.

(13) Option period. Any period during which the insured holder has the optional
right to require Rural Development to purchase the insured note, as specified in
the insurance agreement.

* * * * *

(15) Private buyer. A buyer of an insured note other than Rural Development.

(16) Private holder. An insured holder other than Rural Development.

(17) Repurchase agreement. A provision in the insurance agreement obligating
Rural Development to buy the insured note at the option of the holders.

* * * * *

(19) State Director. The State Director of Rural Development for the State in
which is located the real estate improved, purchased, or refinanced with the
loan evidenced by the insured note.

(b) * * *

(1) Reserve bank. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York (and any other Federal
Reserve Bank which agrees to issue securities in book-entry form) as fiscal
agent of the United States acting on behalf of Rural Development and, when
indicated, acting in its individual capacity.

(2) Rural Development security. A certificate representing beneficial ownership
of notes, bonds, debentures, or other similar obligations held by Rural
Development under the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act and title V of
the Housing Act of 1949, issued in the form of a definitive Rural Development
security or a book-entry Rural Development security.

(3) Definitive Rural Development security. A Rural Development security in
engraved on printed form.

(4) Book-entry Rural Development security. A Rural Development security in the
form of an entry made as prescribed in this subpart on the records of a Reserve
bank.

(5) Pledge. A pledge of, or any other security interest in, Rural Development
securities as collateral for loans or advances, or to secure deposits of public
moneys or the performance of an obligation.

(6) Date of call. The date fixed in the official notice of call published in the
Federal Register on which Rural Development will make payment of the security
before maturity in accordance with its terms.

* * * * *
§ 1901.504 [Amended]

87.Amend § 1901.504 by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354 financing" and adding "Rural Development financing" in its place and by
removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354's fiscal agents"
and adding "Rural Development's fiscal agents" in its place.
§ 1901.505 [Amended]

88.Amend § 1901.505 section heading and paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2), and (b) by
removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1901.506 [Amended]

89.Amend § 1901.506 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" each time it
appears and adding "Rural Development" in the following places:

i. The section heading;

ii. Paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3);

iii. Paragraphs (b)(1) introductory text, (b)(2), (b)(3), (b)(4), (b)(5);

iv. Paragraphs (c)(1) introductory text, (c)(1)(i), (c)(1)(iv), (c)(2), (c)(3),
(c)(4), (c)(5);

v. Paragraphs (d) paragraph heading, (d)(1), (d)(2);

vi. Paragraph (e) paragraph heading and text;

vii. Paragraph (f)(1);

viii. Paragraph (g) paragraph heading and text;

ix. Paragraph (h)(1); and

b. In paragraph (f)(2), removing "the Farmers Homes Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and "Farmers Homes Administration or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
their place.

90.Amend § 1901.507 by:

a. Revising the section heading to read as set forth below;

b. In paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. Removing in paragraph (d)(2) "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (d)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

g. Revising paragraph (e) to read as follows:
§ 1901.507 Certificates of beneficial ownership by the Rural Development Finance
Office.

* * * * *

(e) Assignments. Assignments of certificates should be executed by the owner or
the owner's authorized representative in the presence of an officer authorized
to certify assignments. Registered certificates may be assigned to a specified
transferee or to Rural Development for redemption or for exchange for other
certificates offered at maturity. Assignments to "United States, Rural
Development," "Farmers Home Administration for Transfer," or "Rural Development
for Exchange" will not be accepted unless supplemented by specific instructions
by or in behalf of the owner. If an alteration or erasure has been made in an
assignment, a new assignment from the assignor should be obtained. Otherwise, an
affidavit or explanation by the person responsible for the alteration or erasure
should be submitted for consideration.

* * * * *
§ 1901.508 [Amended]

91.Amend § 1901.508 by:

a. In the introductory text and in paragraphs (a)(1) through (a)(4), removing
"FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and
adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(1)(i), removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354 is requested" and adding "Rural Development is requested" in its place
and removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "made to FmHA or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "made to Rural
Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(4):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "records of FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "records of Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (b)(5):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "However, FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "However, Rural Development" in its place; and

g. In the heading to paragraph (c) and in paragraphs (c)(1) introductory text,
(c)(2), and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1901.509 [Amended]

92.Amend § 1901.509 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354's" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b) introductory text, (b)(1) introductory text, and
(b)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(5):

i. Removing "and FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "and Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (b)(6), removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

e. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
PART 1902--SUPERVISED BANK ACCOUNTS Back to Top

93.The authority citation for part 1902 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 7 U.S.C. 6991, et seq.; 42 U.S.C. 1480;
Reorganization Plan No. 2 of 1953 (5 U.S.C. App.).
Subpart A--Supervised Bank Accounts of Loan, Grant, and Other Funds Back to Top
§ 1902.1 [Amended]

94.Amend § 1902.1 introductory text by adding at the end of the section "This
subpart is inapplicable to Farm Service Agency, Farm Loan Programs."
§ 1902.4 [Amended]

95.Amend § 1902.4 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "government" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b)(2):

i. Removing "the FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1902.9 [Amended]

96.Amend § 1902.9 in the heading of paragraph (a) by removing "FmHA or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1902.10 [Amended]

97.Amend § 1902.10 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1902.15 [Amended]

98.Amend § 1902.15 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "When FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "When Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place.

b. In paragraphs (a) and (c)(1)(i) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

c. In paragraph(c)(1)(i)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in their place;

d. In paragraph (c)(1)(i)(C), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (c)(1)(ii):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354 indebtedness"
and adding "Rural Development indebtedness" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354 borrower"
and adding "Rural Development borrower" in its place; and

iii. Removing "the FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

f. In paragraphs (c)(1)(iii) and (c)(2)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor
Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1902.16 [Amended]

99.Amend § 1902.16 by:

a. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354s" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d) by removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "due to Rural Development" in its place.
PART 1910--GENERAL Back to Top

100.The authority citation for part 1910 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart B--Credit Reports Back to Top

100.Section 1910.51 is revised to read as follows:
§ 1910.51 Purpose.

This subpart prescribes the policies and procedures of Rural Development for
individual and joint type credit reports. Credit reports will be ordered to
determine the eligibility of applicants requesting Rural Development loans. A
nonrefundable fee will be charged the applicant. This subpart is inapplicable to
Farm Service Agency, Farm Loan Programs.
Subpart C--Commercial Credit Reports Back to Top

101.Revise the first sentence of § 1910.101 to read as follows:
§ 1910.101 Preface.

This subpart (§§ 1910.101 through 1910.150) describes the procedure to be used
by Rural Development in obtaining commercial credit reports. * * *
PART 1924--CONSTRUCTION AND REPAIR Back to Top

102.The authority citation for part 1924 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--Planning and Performing Construction and Other Development Back to
Top
§ 1924.1 [Amended]

103.Amend § 1924.1 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§§ 1924.3, 1924.4, 1924.5, 1924.6, 1924.8, 1924.9, 1924.10, and 1924.13
[Amended]

102.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Agency" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1924.3;

b. Section 1924.4(d), (f), and (p);

c. Section 1924.5(d)(1) introductory text wherever it occurs, (d)(1)(iv),
(d)(1)(v), (f)(1)(i), (f)(1)(iii)(C)(4), (f)(2)(iii), (f)(2)(xii) wherever it
occurs, (g)(3), and (i)(4);

d. Section 1924.6(a)(6), (a)(8), (a)(10)(ii) wherever it occurs, and
(a)(11)(iv);

e. Section 1924.8(e);

f. Section 1924.9(b)(7);

g. Section 1924.10(c)(1) wherever it occurs; and

h. Section 1924.13(a) introductory text, (a)(1), (a)(3), (a)(5)(i)(B) wherever
it occurs, (a)(5)(ii)(C), (a)(5)(vi), (b)(2)(v), (e)(1) introductory text
wherever it occurs, (e)(1)(iii)(B)(2), (e)(2)(i)(B), (e)(2)(ii)(A), and
(e)(2)(vii).
§§ 1924.5, 1924.6, 1924.9, 1924.10, 1924.11, 1924.12, and 1924.13 [Amended]

103.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "RD" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1924.5(b) wherever it occurs, (f)(1)(iii)(F), (f)(2)(i), (g)(1)
introductory text, and (g)(2);

b. Section 1924.6(a)(10)(iv) wherever it occurs, (a)(11)(iii), (a)(12)(ii),
(a)(12)(iii) wherever it occurs, (a)(12)(v)(A), (a)(12)(vi)(C)(2)(i),
(a)(12)(vi)(C)(2)(ii), (b)(3)(i) wherever it occurs, (b)(3)(ii)(C), and
(b)(3)(ii)(G);

c. Section 1924.9(c) wherever it occurs;

d. Section 1924.10(a)(4), (c)(2)(i), and (c)(2)(ii);

e. Section 1924.11(c);

f. Section 1924.12(a), (d)(1), and (d)(2); and

g. Section 1924.13(e)(1)(ii) introductory text wherever it occurs and (e)(2)(x).

§§ 1924.4, 1924.5, 1924.6, 1924.9, and 1924.13 [Amended]

104.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "the Agency" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1924.4(h)(1), (h)(8), and (n);

b. Section 1924.5(d)(1)(i)(E)(1), (f)(1)(ii), (f)(1)(iii)(C), (f)(2)
introductory text, (f)(2)(vii), and (f)(2)(viii);

c. Section 1924.6(a)(2)(vi), (a)(3)(iii)(B), (a)(3)(iv)(D), (a)(3)(iv)(F),
(a)(11)(iv) wherever it occurs, (a)(12)(v)(C) wherever it occurs,
(a)(12)(vi)(C)(1)(ii), and (b)(3)(ii)(F);

d. Section 1924.9(d) and (e); and

e. Section 1924.13(a)(5)(i)(F), (a)(5)(iii)(C), (b)(2) wherever it occurs,
(e)(1)(i)(D), (e)(1)(i)(E), (e)(1)(iii)(B)(3), (e)(1)(vi)(A) wherever it occurs,
(e)(1)(vii)(A)(4), (e)(1)(vii)(B)(3), (e)(2)(i)(D), (e)(2)(ii)(C),
(e)(2)(iii)(C), (e)(2)(ix)(A) wherever it occurs, and (e)(2)(ix)(B).
§ 1924.5 [Amended]

105.Amend § 1924.5 by:

a. In paragraph (d)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (f) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (f)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place;

d. In paragraph (f)(2)(iii):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 for" and
adding "Agency for" in its place;

ii. Removing "that FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will"
and adding "the Agency will" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (h) introductory text:

i. Removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of the Agency" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 forms" and
adding "RD forms" in its place; and

f. in paragraph (i)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place.
§ 1924.6 [Amended]

106.Amend § 1924.6 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "(including FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354)" and adding "(including the
Agency)" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3)(ii), removing "(including FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354)" and adding "(including the Agency)" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will be" and
adding "The Agency will be" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(3)(iii)(A):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 prior" and
adding "the Agency prior" in its place;

ii. Removing "the owner and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the owner and the Agency" in its place;

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place; and

iv. Removing "all FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "all Agency" in its place.

d. In paragraph (a)(11)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 employee" and adding "Agency employee" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (a)(12)(v)(B), removing "provide FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "provide the Agency" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official"
wherever it occurs and adding "Agency official" in its place;

f. In paragraph (a)(12)(vi)(B):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Agency loan" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "by the Agency" in its place;

iii. Removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of the Agency" in its place; and

iv. Removing "the owner and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the owner and the Agency" in its place; and

g. In paragraph (a)(12)(vi)(C) introductory text:

i. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Agency loan" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "the Agency will" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1924.9 [Amended]

107.Amend § 1924.9 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "Rural Development office" and adding "Agency office" in its place;

ii. Removing "RHS or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 inpections"
wherever it occurs and adding "Agency inspections" in its place; and

iii. Removing "RHS or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "the Agency has" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1924.10 [Amended]

108.Amend § 1924.10(a)(3) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's security" and adding "the Agency's security" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 security" and
adding "Agency security" in its place.
§ 1924.12 [Amended]

109.Amend § 1924.12 by:

a. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "the owner and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the owner and the Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Agency office" in
its place; and

c. In paragraph (d)(4), removing "notifies FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "notifies the Agency" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form
RD" in its place.
§ 1924.13 [Amended]

110.Amend § 1924.13 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(4)(iii), removing "The Farmers Home Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Approval
Official" and adding "Agency Approval Official" in its place;

b. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii)(F):

i. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "to the Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
regulations" and adding "Agency regulations" in its place;

c. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii)(G), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 offices" and adding "Agency offices" in its place, and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii)(H), removing "The Farmers Home Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Official"
and adding "Agency Official" in its place;

e. In paragraph (e)(1)(iv):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 with" and
adding "the Agency with" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 offices"
and adding "Agency offices" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
and adding "Agency personnel" in its place;

f. In paragraph (e)(1)(v) introductory text:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Agency office" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "the Agency will" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 contractor"
and adding "Agency contractor" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 contracts"
and adding "Agency contracts" in its place; and

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
and adding "Agency personnel" in its place;

g. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(A), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "to FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in its
place;

h. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(B):

i. Removing "the owner and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the owner and the Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "prior to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "prior to the Agency" in its place; and

iv. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

i. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(C):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place;

j. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(D), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations" and adding "Agency
regulations" in its place;

k. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(E):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 reserves"
and adding "The Agency reserves" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iv. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "to the Agency" in its place;

l. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(G):

i. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Forms RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1944-31" and
adding "RD 1944-31" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Agency office" in its place;

m. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(I):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place;

n. In paragraph (e)(1)(vi) introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 as shown" and adding "the Agency as shown" in its place;

o. In paragraph (e)(2)(i)(G), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "by FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its
place;

p. In paragraph (e)(2)(i)(H), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "to FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in its
place;

q. In paragraph (e)(2)(viii) introductory text:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 contractor"
and adding "Agency contractor" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 contracts"
and adding "Agency contracts" in its place;

r. In paragraph (e)(2)(viii)(A):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations"
and adding "Agency regulations" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 reserves"
and adding "The Agency reserves" in its place;

iv. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to the Agency" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place; and

vi. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

s. In paragraph (e)(2)(viii)(B):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 must" and
adding "the Agency must" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

t. In paragraph (e)(2)(viii)(D):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place; and

u. In paragraph (e)(2)(ix):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District" and
adding "Agency District" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to the Agency" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Representative" and adding "Agency Representative" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 does not" and
adding "the Agency does not" in its place.
Exhibit B to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

111.Amend Exhibit B to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of the Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "an Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph I.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraph III.B:

i. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "an Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "local FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "local Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph IV, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

e. In paragraph V introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

f. In paragraph V.D introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraph V.E, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

h. In paragraph V.H, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

i. In paragraph V.J, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

j. In paragraph VI.A introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

k. In paragraph VI.A.3, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

l. In paragraph VII.C introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

m. In paragraph IX, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "The Agency will" in its place and removing "of the
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "of the
Agency" in its place;

n. In paragraph X.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

o. In paragraph X.C, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

p. In Attachment 1 to Exhibit B by:

i. In the introductory text, removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Agency" in its place;

ii. In paragraph A.10, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

iii. In paragraph B.4(c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "U.S. Department of Agriculture," in its place;

q. In Attachment 2 to Exhibit B by:

i. In the second introductory paragraph, removing "Farmers Home Administration
(FmHA) or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in
its place;

ii. In paragraph 2, removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its place;

iii. In paragraph 3, removing "local FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "local Agency" in its place;

iv. In paragraph 3, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

v. In paragraph 3, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Thermal" and adding "Agency Thermal" in its place;

vi. In paragraph 6 and the second undesginated concluding paragraph, removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel" and adding "RD
personnel" in its place;

vii. In paragraph 6, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 State" and adding "Agency State" in its place; and

viii. In paragraph 6, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 inspection" and adding "RD inspection" in its place; and

r. In Attachment 5 to Exhibit B by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place.
Exhibit C to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

112.Amend Exhibit C to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In paragraphs II.A introductory text and V.B introductory text, removing "any
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and
adding "any Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraphs IV introductory text and IV.A introductory text, removing "Form
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraph IV.A.1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 form" and adding "RD form" in its place.
Exhibit D to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

113.Amend Exhibit D to Subpart A of Part 1924 by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its
place in the following places:

a. Paragraph IV.A;

b. Paragraph IV.C.1.a;

c. Paragraph IV.C.1.b;

d. Paragraph IV.C.2.b; and

e. Paragraph V.A.
Exhibit H to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

114.Amend Exhibit H to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In paragraph II, removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph IV.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 requires" and adding "the Agency requires" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 County" and adding
"Agency County" in its place;

c. In paragraph IV.C, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 requires" and adding "the Agency requires" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 County" and adding
"Agency County" in its place;

d. In paragraph IV.D, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place; and

e. In paragraph IV.E, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
Exhibit I to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

115.Amend Exhibit I to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "the Agency" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph 300-3; and

ii. Paragraph 302-2.5; and

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Agency" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph 302-2.3;

ii Paragraph 303-1.
Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

116.Amend Exhibit J to Subpart A of Part 1924, Part A by:

a. In Section I:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 field" and
adding "Agency field" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 housing" and
adding "Agency housing" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and
adding "The Agency may" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "The Agency will" in its place;

b. In Section II introductory text by:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "The Agency has" in its place;

ii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to the Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of Agency" in its place;

c. In Section II.B:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 field" and
adding "Agency field" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Agency loan" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354/MPS" and
adding "Agency/MPS" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 in that" and
adding "the Agency in that" in its place;

d. In Section III:

i. In the definition of `Manufactured Home" removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place; and

ii. In the definition of `Permanent Perimeter Enclosure' removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 adopted" and adding "Agency adopted"
in its place;

e. In Section IV, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

f. In Section V:

i. In the introductory text, removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its place;

ii. In Section V.2, removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its place and removing "to FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in its
place; and

iii. In Section V.2.B introductory text, removing "by FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations" and
adding "Agency regulations" in its place;
Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

117.Amend Exhibit J to Subpart A of Part 1924, Part B by:

a. In Section I.C removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place;

b. In Section I.I, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In Section II.A introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place and removing
"to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the
Agency" in its place;

d. In Section II.A.1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place and removing "to FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in its
place;

e. In Section II.A.2, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

f. In Section II.A.4, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

g. In Section II.A.6, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 adopted" and adding "Agency adopted" in its place and removing "to FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in
its place;

h. In Section II.A.8, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place;

i. In Section II.C.1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place;

j. In Section II.C.2, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place;

k. In Section III.A, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place;

l. In Section III.C, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

m. In Section IV.A.1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place; and

n. In Section IV.C.2, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place and removing "by FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its
place;
Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

118.Amend Exhibit J to Subpart A of Part 1924, Part C by:

a. In Section I introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

b. In Section I.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In Section I.C:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 County" and
adding "Agency County" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354/MPS" and
adding "Agency/MPS" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place; and

d. In Section V.A, removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

119.Amend Exhibit J to Subpart A of Part 1924, Part D, Inspection of Development
Works, Section II.D by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place.
Exhibit K to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

120.Amend Exhibit K to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In Section I, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

b. In Section II, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" wherever it occurs and adding "the Agency's" in its place and
removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "between the Agency" in its place; and

c. In Section III, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place.
Exhibit L to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

121.Amend Exhibit L to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In Section I introductory text, removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA)
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its
place;

b. In Section I.A, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

c. In Section I.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

d. In Section I.C, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

e. In Section II.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the Agency" in its place;

f. In Section III.E, removing "if FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "if the Agency" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 inspections" wherever it occurs and
adding "Agency inspections" in its place;

g. In Section IV.A(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

h. In Section IV.B(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

i. In Section IV.B(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

j. In Attachment 1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place.
Subpart C--Planning and Performing Site Development Work Back to Top
§§ 1924.103 and 1924.119 [Amended]

122.Amend §§ 1924.103 and 1924.119 by removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its
place and by removing "(available in any RHS field office)" wherever it occurs.
Subpart F--Complaints and Compensation for Construction Defects Back to Top
§ 1924.251 [Amended]

123.Amend § 1924.251 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§§ 1924.252, 1924.253, 1924.258, 1924.260, 1924.261, 1924.262, 1924.265,
1924.266, 1924.274, and 1924.276 [Amended]

124.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1924.252;

b. Section 1924.253;

c. Section 1924.258;

d. Section 1924.260;

e. Section 1924.261;

f. Section 1924.262;

g. Section 1924.265;

h. Section 1924.266;

i. Section 1924.274; and

j. Section 1924.276.
§ 1924.259 [Amended]

125.Amend § 1924.259 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "a format specified by FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (available in any FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office)" and adding "a Rural Development approved
format" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 using a format specified by FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 (available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 office)" and adding "Rural Development using a Rural Development
approved format" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (c), (d), and (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (e)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's findings" and adding "the findings" in its place; and

e. In paragraphs (e)(2)(i), (e)(2)(ii), (e)(3), and (e)(4), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "
Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1924.271 [Amended]

126.Amend § 1924.271 by removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place and by removing
"(available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office)".
§ 1924.273 [Amended]

127.Amend § 1924.273 by removing "(available in any FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office)".
PART 1925--TAXES Back to Top

128.The authority citation for part 1925 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart C--Planning and Performing Site Development Work Back to Top
§ 1925.2 [Amended]

129.Amend § 1925.2 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1925.3 [Amended]

130.Amend § 1925.3(c) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1925.4 [Amended]

131.Amend § 1925.4 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
PART 1927--TITLE CLEARANCE AND LOAN CLOSING Back to Top

132.The authority citation for part 1927 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart B--Real Estate Title Clearance and Loan Closing Back to Top
§ 1927.52 [Amended]

133.Amend § 1927.52 by removing the definition of "FSA" and revising the
definitions of "Agency", "National Office", "RHS", and "State Office" to read as
follows:
§ 1927.52 Definitions.

Agency. The Rural Housing Service (RHS) or its successor agency.

* * * * *

National Office. The National Headquarters Office of RHS.

* * * * *

RHS. The Rural Housing Service, an agency of the United States Department of
Agriculture, or its successor agency.

* * * * *

State Office. This term refers to the Rural Development State Director.

* * * * *
PART 1940--GENERAL Back to Top

134.The authority citation for part 1940 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; and 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart I--Truth in Lending-Real Estate Settlement Procedures Back to Top
§ 1940.401 [Amended]

135.Amend § 1940.401 by:

a. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d)(4)(iii), removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 to the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
County Office" and adding "by Rural Development to the Rural Development County
Office" in its place.
§ 1940.406 [Amended]

136.Amend § 1940.406 by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
Subpart L--Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program
Funds Back to Top
§ 1940.551 [Amended]

137.Amend § 1940.551 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Administrator of the Farmers Home Administration
(FmHA) or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Administrator for the Rural Business-Cooperative Service or the Administrator
for the Rural Housing Service, as applicable," in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1940.552, 1940.557, 1940.578, and 1940.585 [Amended]

138.Amend §§ 1940.552(e), 1940.577(b)(2), 1940.578(k), and 1940.585(g) by
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.

139.Revise § 1940.560(b)(3) to read as follows:
§ 1940.560 Guaranteed Rural Rental Housing Program.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(3) State's percentage of National average cost per unit. The data source for
the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(1) of this section is the most recent
decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census). The data source for
the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(2) of this section is 5-year income
data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data. The data source for the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(3) of this
section is the cost per unit data using the applicable maximum per unit dollar
amount limitations under section 207(c) of the National Housing Act, which can
be obtained from the Department of Housing and Urban Development. The percentage
representing each criterion is multiplied by the weight assigned and totaled to
arrive at a State factor.

State Factor = (criterion No. 1 × weight of 40%) + (criterion No. 1 × weight of
40%) + (criterion No. 1 × weight of 20%)

* * * * *

140.In § 1940.563, revise paragraph (b)(4) and add paragraph (b)(5) to read as
follows:
§ 1940.563 Section 502 non-subsidized guaranteed Rural Housing (RH) loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(4) State's percentage of the national number of rural renter households paying
more than 35 percent of income for rent. The data source for each criterion is
specified in paragraph (b)(5) of this section. Each criterion is assigned a
specific weight according to its relevance in determining need. The percentage
representing each criterion is multiplied by the weight factor and summed to
arrive at a basic State factor (SF) as follows:

SF = (criterion 1 × weight of 30%) + (criterion 2 × weight of 10%) + (criterion
3 × weight of 30%) + (criterion 4 × weight of 30%)

(5) The data source for the criteria specified in paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(2)
of this section is the most recent decennial Census. The data source for the
criteria specified in paragraph (b)(3) and (b)(4) of this section is 5-year
income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census
Bureau data.

* * * * *

141.In § 1940.564, revise paragraph (b)(4) and add paragraph (b)(5) to read as
follows:
§ 1940.564 Section 502 subsidized guaranteed Rural Housing loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(4) State's percentage of the national number of rural renter households paying
more than 35 percent of income for rent. The data source for each criterion is
specified in paragraph (b)(5) of this section. Each criterion is assigned a
specific weight according to its relevance in determining need. The percentage
representing each criterion is multiplied by the weight factor and summed to
arrive at a basic State factor (SF) as follows:

SF = (criterion 1 × weight of 30%) + (criterion 2 × weight of 10%) + (criterion
3 × weight of 30%) + (criterion 4 × weight of 30%)

(5) The data source for the criteria specified in paragraphs (b)(1), (b)(2), and
(b)(4) of this section is the most recent decennial Census. The data source for
the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(3) of this section is 5-year income
data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data.

* * * * *

142.Revise § 1940.566(b)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1940.566 Section 504 Housing Repair loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) State's percentage of the National number of rural households below 50
percent of area median income. The data source for the first criterion is the
most recent decennial Census data. The data source for the second criterion is
5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other
Census Bureau data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to
its relevance in determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is
multiplied by the weight factor and summed to arrive at a basic State factor
(SF).

SF = (criterion No. 1 × weight of 50%) + (criterion No. 2 × weight of 50%)

* * * * *

143.Revise § 1940.567(b)(3) to read as follows:
§ 1940.567 Section 504 Housing Repair grants.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(3) State's percentage of the National number of rural households below 50
percent of area median income. The data source for the first two of these
criteria is the most recent decennial Census data. The data source for the third
criterion is the 5-year data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if
needed, other Census Bureau data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight
according to its relevance in determining need. The percentage representing each
criterion is multiplied by the weight factor and summed to arrive at a basic
State factor (SF).

SF = (criterion No. 1 × weight of 33 1/3%) + (criterion No. 2 × weight of 33
1/3%) + (criterion No. 3 × weight of 33 1/3%)

* * * * *

144.Revise § 1940.575(b)(3) to read as follows:
§ 1940.575 Section 515 Rural Rental Housing (RRH) loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(3) State's percentage of National rural families with incomes below the poverty
level. The data source for the first two of these criterion is the most recent
decennial Census data. The data source for the third criterion is the 5-year
data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its relevance in
determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is multiplied by
the weight assigned and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF).

SF = (criterion No. 1 × weight of 33 1/3%) + (criterion No. 2 × weight of 33
1/3%) + (criterion No. 3 × weight of 33 1/3%)

* * * * *

145.Revise § 1940.585(b)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1940.585 Community Facility loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) The data source for the first criterion is the most recent decennial Census
data. The data source for the second criterion is the 5-year data from the
American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. The
data source for the third criterion is the most recent Bureau of Labor
Statistics data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its
relevance in determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is
multiplied by the weight factor and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF). The
SF cannot exceed 0.05.

SF = (criterion (b)(1)(i) × 50 percent) + (criterion (b)(1)(ii) × 25 percent) +
(criterion (b)(1)(iii) × 25 percent)

* * * * *

146.Amend § 1940.591 by:

a. Revising paragraph (b)(2); and

b. In paragraph (g), removing "(available in any FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office)."

The revision reads as follows:
§ 1940.591 Community Program Guaranteed loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) The data source for the first criterion is the most recent decennial Census
data. The data source for the second criterion is the 5-year data from the
American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. The
data source for the third criterion is the most recent Bureau of Labor
Statistics data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its
relevance in determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is
multiplied by the weight factor and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF). The
SF cannot exceed 0.05.

SF = (criterion (b)(1)(i) × 50 percent) + (criterion (b)(1)(ii) × 25 percent) +
(criterion (b)(1)(iii) × 25 percent)

* * * * *

147.Revise § 1940.592(b)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1940.592 Community facilities grants.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) The data source for the first criterion is the most recent decennial Census
data. The data source for the second criterion is the 5-year data from the
American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. Each
criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its relevance in
determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is multiplied by
the weight factor and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF).

SF (criterion (b)(1)(i) × 50 percent) + (criterion (b)(1)(ii) × 50 percent)

* * * * *
Subpart T--System for Delivery of Certain Rural Development Programs Back to Top

§ 1940.951 [Amended]

148.Amend § 1940.951 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

b. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1940.953 [Amended]

149.Amend § 1940.953 by:

a. In the definition of `Administrator', removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Business--Cooperative Service, Rural
Housing Service, or Rural Utilities Service" in its place; and

b. In the defintion of `State Director', removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1940.956, 1940.957, 1940.960, and 1940.969 [Amended]

150.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1940.956;

b. Section 1940.957(d);

c. Section 1940.960(a); and

d. Section 1940.969.
§ 1940.961 [Amended]

151.Amend § 1940.961 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
State" and adding "RD State" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (d)(1), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place.
§ 1940.965 [Amended]

152.Amend § 1940.965 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1940.968 [Amended]

153.Amend § 1940.968 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (c) and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (h)(4), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

d. In paragraph (i)(2)(vii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (i)(3)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (i)(3)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

g. In paragraph (i)(3)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (i)(3)(iv), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD
Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

i. In paragraph (j)(2):

i. Removing "Exhibit A (available from any FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354RD State Office), shall be attached to and become a permanent
part of Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1940-A and
the following paragraphs will appear in the comment section of that form:" and
adding "Exhibit A of this subpart (available from any Rural Development State
Office) shall be attached to and become a permanent part of Form RD 1940-1 and
the following paragraphs will appear in the comment section of that form:" in
its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 7 CFR part
1940" and adding "7 CFR part 1940" in its place; and

iii. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "approved by Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (j)(4), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will retain" and adding "
Rural Development will retain" in its place;

k. In paragraph (j)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

l. In paragraphs (j)(7) and (l), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
PART 1942--ASSOCIATIONS Back to Top

154.The authority citation for part 1942 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--Community Facility Loan Back to Top
§ 1942.1 [Amended]

155.Amend § 1942.1 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Agency's" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

c. In pragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1942.2 [Amended]

156.Amend § 1942.2:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD's" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2)(iv), removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "by RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 funding" and adding "Agency funding" in its place and removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will issue" and adding "the Agency
will issue" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in their place;

e. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

f. In paragraphs (d) and (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1942.3 [Amended]

157.Amend § 1942.3 by:

a. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

b. Removing "422-10" and adding "442-10" in its place; and

c. Removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the RD" in its place.
§ 1942.5 [Amended]

158.Amend § 1942.5 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "Ordinarily FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The Rural Development" in
its place and removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by the Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place and removing
"(Public Resolution)" and adding "(Public Bodies)" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(1)(ii):

i. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
by written" and adding "approved by written" in its place;

ii. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
shall" and adding "approved by RD shall" in its place;

iii. Removing "If FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 makes
the loan" and adding "If (insert agency name) makes the loan" in its place;

iv. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

v. Removing "submitted to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "submitted to RD" in its place; and

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 reserves"
and adding "Rural Development reserves" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (b)(1)(ii)(E) and (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its
place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Form RD" in its place;

f. In paragraphs (d)(1) and (d)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (d)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Field Office terminal" and adding "automated terminal" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (d)(5):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Field" and
adding "Rural Development Field" in its place;

ii. Removing "the Legislative Affairs and Public Information Staff in the
National Office" and adding "the Legislative and Public Affairs Staff in the
Rural Development National Office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

i. In paragraph (d)(6), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

j. In paragraph (d)(7) introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Field" and adding "Rural
Development Field" in its place; and

k. In paragraph (d)(7)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1942.6 [Amended]

159.Amend § 1942.6 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1942.8 [Amended]

160.Amend § 1942.8:

a. In paragraph (d), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (g), removing "review of FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "review of Rural Developments's" in its place;
and

c. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 personnel" and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and
adding "RD Instruction" in its place.
§ 1942.16 [Amended]

161.Amend § 1942.16 introductory text by removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
§ 1942.17 [Amended]

162.Amend § 1942.17 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "
Rural Development" in its place wherever it occurs in the following places:

i. Paragraph (a);

ii. Paragraphs (b)(2)(i), (b)(3), and (b)(4);

iii. Paragraphs (c)(1), (c)(2) introductory text, and (c)(2)(iv) introductory
text;

iv. Paragraphs (d)(1)(iv)(B), (d)(1)(iv)(G) introductory text,
(d)(1)(iv)(G)(2)(ii), (d)(1)(v) introductory text, (d)(1)(v)(C), and
(d)(1)(v)(D);

v. Paragraphs (e)(1) introductory text, (e)(1)(ii), and (e)(4);

vi. Paragraph (f)(6);

vii. Paragraph (f)(7) introductory text and (f)(7)(i)(D);

viii. Paragraph (g) introductory text;

ix. Paragraphs (h) introductory text, (h)(1)(ii)(B), (h)(2)(ii)(A)(2),
(h)(2)(ii)(B), (h)(2)(iii) introductory text, (h)(2)(iii)(C), and (h)(3)
introductory text;

x. Paragraphs (j)(3)(i)(A) through (D), (j)(3)(ii)(A), (j)(4) introductory text,
(j)(4)(iii)(C), (j)(5), (j)(7), (j)(9), (j)(10)(ii), (j)(10)(iv), and (j)(11);

xi. Paragraphs (k) introductory text, (k)(1)(iv), (k)(4), and (k)(5);

xii. Paragraphs (m)(3) through (m)(6);

xiii. Paragraphs (n)(1), (n)(2)(xiii), (n)(3)(ii), and (n)(6);

xiv. Paragraph (o)(3);

xv. Paragraphs (p)(2) introductory text, (p)(2)(iii), and (p)(3)(i) through
(iii);

b. Revising paragraphs (b)(1)(i)(A), (b)(1)(i)(B), (b)(2)(iii), and (b)(2)(iv);

c. In paragraph (b)(5), removing in the paragraph heading "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354"; and removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 shall" and adding "The Government shall" in its place;

d. In paragraph (c)(2)(iii)(E), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 funds" and adding "Rural Devleopment funds" in its place and
removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "between Rural Development's" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d)(1)(v)(E):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and
adding "Rural Development may" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
authorization" and adding "Rural Development's authorization" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
authorization" and adding "Rural Development authorization" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 approval"
and adding "Rural Development approval" in its place;

f. In paragraph (f)(5), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

g. In paragraph (f)(6), revising the third, fourth, and fifth sentences;

h. In paragraphs (g)(1) introductory text and (g)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the
United States" in its place;

i. In paragraph (g)(1)(ii) introductory text:

i. Removing "acceptable to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "acceptable to the United States" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 portion" and
adding "United States portion" in its place;

iii. Removing "include FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "include United States" in its place;

iv. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State
Director" and adding "the State Director" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 must" and
adding "The United States must" in its place;

j. In paragraph (g)(1)(iv), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354";

k. In paragraph (g)(2)(iii)(A)(7):

i. Removing "Farmers Home Adminstration or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

l. In paragraph (g)(3)(i) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

m. In paragraphs (g)(3)(i)(B) and (D), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the United States" in
its place;

n. In paragraph (g)(3)(iii)(A)(3):

i. Removing "Farmers Home Adminstration or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

o. In paragraph (h)(2)(i)(B)(2), removing "the Farmers Home Administration or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

p. In paragraph (j)(3) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "RD's" in its place;

q. In paragraph (j)(3)(ii)(B):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "acceptable to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "acceptable to Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "determined by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "determined by Rural Development" in its place;

r. Revising paragraph (j)(3)(iii);

s. In paragraph (j)(4)(i) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

t. In paragraph (j)(4)(i)(A), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "give FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "give Rural
Development" in its place;

u. In paragraph (j)(4)(i)(B) introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place and removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

v. In paragraph (j)(4)(i)(B)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

w. In paragraph (j)(6)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

x. In paragraph (k)(7), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 financial" and adding "Agency financial" in its place and removing "The
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State Director" and adding
"The State Director" in its place;

y. In paragraph (k)(8), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

z. In paragraph (l)(1):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 concurrence"
and adding "Agency concurrence" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354/EPA" and
adding "Agency/EPA" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 and EPA" and
adding "RD and EPA" in its place;

aa. In paragraph (l)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

bb. In paragraphs (l)(4) and (m)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

cc. In paragraph (m)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will
tentatively" and adding "RD will tentatively" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "agency loan" in its place;

iii. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "where FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "where Rural Development" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will notify"
and adding "Rural Development will notify" in its place; and

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loans" and
adding "Rural Development loans" in its place;

dd. In paragraph (n)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

ee. In paragraph (n)(2)(vii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

ff. In paragraph (n)(2)(x), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

gg. In paragraph (n)(3) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 funds" and
adding "Rural Development funds" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
commitment" and adding "Rural Development's commitment" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Rural Development loan" in its place;

iv. Removing "When an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "When a Rural Development" in its place; and

v. Removing "provide FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "provide Rural Development" in its place;

hh. In paragraph (p)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

ii. In paragraph (p)(4):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 funds" and
adding "Rural Development funds" in its place;

ii. Removing "benefit of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "benefit of Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

jj. In paragraph (p)(5), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 funds" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place
and removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

kk. In paragraph (p)(6)(i)(A):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "agency loan" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 grant" and
adding "agency grant" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
indebtedness" and adding "RD indebtedness" in its place; and

11.In paragraph (p)(6)(i)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "agency" in its place.

The revisions read as follows:
§ 1942.17 Community facilities.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(1) * * *

(i) * * *

(A) Loans for water or waste disposal facilities will not be made to a city or
town with a population in excess of 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is
obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data.

(B) Loans for essential community facilities will not be made to a city or town
with a population in excess of 20,000 inhabitants according to the most recent
decennial Census.

* * * * *

(2) * * *

(iii) For water or waste disposal facilities, the terms rural and rural area
will not include any area in any city or town with a population in excess of
10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from the most recent
decennial Census. If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from
the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population
figure based on available population data.

(iv) For essential community facilities, the terms rural and rural area will not
include any area in any city or town with a population in excess of 20,000
inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial
Census. If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data.

* * * * *

(f) * * *

(6) Income determination.* * * The median household income of the service area
and the nonmetropolitan median household income of the State will be determined
from 5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed,
other Census Bureau data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other
Census Bureau data does not accurately represent the median household income
within the area to be served, the reasons will be documented and the applicant
may furnish, or Rural Development may obtain, additional information regarding
such median household income data. Information must consist of reliable data
from local, regional, State or Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a
reliable impartial source. * * *

(j) * * *

(3) * * *

(iii) Insurance. The following types of coverage must be maintained if
appropriate for the type of project and entity involved. Insurance must be in
amounts acceptable to the Agency and at least equivalent to coverage for real
property and equipment acquired without Federal funds.

(A) Property insurance. Fire and extended coverage will normally be maintained
on all structures except as noted in paragraphs (j)(3)(iii)(A)(1) and (2) of
this section. Ordinarily, Rural Development should be listed as mortgagee on the
policy when Rural Development has a lien on the property. Normally, major items
of equipment or machinery located in the insured structures must also be
covered. Exceptions:

(1) Reservoirs, standpipes, elevated tanks, and other structures built entirely
of noncombustible materials if such structures are not normally insured.

(2) Subsurface lift stations except for the value of electrical and pumping
equipment therein.

(B) Liability and property damage insurance, including vehicular coverage.

(C) Malpractice insurance. The need and requirements for malpractice insurance
will be carefully and thoroughly considered in connection with each health care
facility financed.

(D) Flood insurance. Facilities located in special flood- and mudslide-prone
areas must comply with the eligibility and insurance requirements of subpart B
of part 1806 of this chapter (RD Instruction 426.2).

(E) Worker's compensation. The borrower will carry worker's compensation
insurance for employees in accordance with State laws.

* * * * *
§ 1942.18 [Amended]

163.Amend § 1942.18 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "
Rural Development" in its place wherever it occurs in the following places:

i. Paragraph (b);

ii. Paragraph (c);

iii. Paragraphs (d) introductory text, (d)(4), and (d)(11);

iv. Paragraph(e)(2);

v. Paragraphs(f)(1) introductory text, (f)(1)(iii)(C), (f)(5), and (f)(6);

vi. Paragraph (g);

vii. Paragraph (h);

viii. Paragraphs (j)(1) introductory text, (j)(2), and (j)(5)(iv);

ix. Paragraph (k)(5);

x. Paragraphs (m) introductory text, (m)(1) introductory text, (m)(2), and
(m)(4);

xi. Paragraphs (n) introductory text, (n)(5), (n)(6), (n)(8), (n)(9), and
(n)(11); and

xii. Paragraphs (o)(2) introductory text, (o)(2)(iii) introductory text,
(o)(2)(iii)(B), (o)(4)(iv), (o)(6), (o)(7)(i) introductory text, and (o)(7)(iii)
introductory text;

b. In paragraph (d)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (d)(1)(i):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 offices" and
adding "Rural Development offices" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
eligibility" and adding "the Rural Development's eligibility" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d)(16), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "Rural Development will" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's State" and adding "
Rural Development's State" in its place;

e. In paragraph (e)(1):

i. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (f) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 review" and
adding "Rural Development review" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Rural Development loan" in its place; and

v. Removing "pledged to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "pledged to Rural Development" in its place;

g. In paragraphs (f)(1)(iii)(B)(2) and(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (n)(3):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "acting through the Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "acting through Rural Development"
in its place;

i. In paragraph (o)(1), removing "where FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "where Rural Development" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

j. In paragraph (o)(3):

i. Removing "made by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "made by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 for
acceptance" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development for acceptance" in
its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iv. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from Rural Development" in its place;

k. In paragraph (o)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 State" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development State" in its
place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Form RD" in its place;

l. In paragraph (o)(7)(i)(C), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place; and

m. In paragraph (o)(7)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and adding "the Rural
Development State" in its place.
§ 1942.19 [Amended]

164.Amend § 1942.19 by:

a. In the following paragraphs, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place:

i. Paragraphs (b)(1), (b)(2) introductory text, (b)(2)(iv), and (b)(2)(vi);

ii. Paragraph (c)(11);

iii. Paragraph (d);

iv. Paragraphs (e) introductory text and (e)(2)(i) through (e)(2)(iii);

v. Paragraph (f);

vi. Paragraph (g) introductory text; and

vii. Paragraphs (h)(1), (h)(4), (h)(7), (h)(9), (h)(10)(ii), and (h)(10)(iii).

b. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place and removing "discusesd" and adding "discussed" in its place;

c. In paragraph (e)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (e)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 advance" and adding "
Rural Development advance" in its place;

e. In paragraph (h)(2):

i. Removing "purchased by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "purchased by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "address of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "address of Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State
Office" and adding "Rural Development State Office" in its place;

f. In paragraph (h)(10)(iv), removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (h)(11)(iii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

h. In paragraph (i):

i. Removing "Bidding by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Bidding by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will not"
and adding "Rural Development will not" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's rates"
and adding "Rural Development's rates" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will
negotiate" and adding "Rural Development will negotiate" in its place.
§ 1942.20 [Amended]

165.Amend § 1942.20 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354";

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Agency's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(12), removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354--Department of Agriculture Pertaining to EDA
Public Works Projects Assisted by an FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Loan" and adding "Department of Agriculture Pertaining to EDA Public
Works Projects Assisted by an Agency Loan" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(13), removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354-";

e. In paragraphs (a)(18) and (a)(20), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

f. In paragraph (a)(25), removing "EPA and FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Environmental Protection Agency and the Agency"
in its place; and

g. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place.
Subpart C--Fire and Rescue and Other Small Community Facilities Projects Back to
Top
§ 1942.102 [Amended]

166.Amend § 1942.102 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "RD's" in its place.
§ 1942.105 [Amended]

167.Amend § 1942.105 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.107 [Amended]

168.Amend § 1942.107(c) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 funds" and adding "Agency funds" in its place and by removing "by
Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by RD" in its place.
§ 1942.108 [Amended]

169.Amend § 1942.108(c) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.112 [Amended]

170.Amend § 1942.112 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 approval" and adding "Agency approval" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines" and
adding "RD determines" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (a)(3)(iii) and (a)(3)(iv), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (a)(3)(v):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may
authorize" and adding "RD may authorize" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
authorization" and adding "RD's authorization" in its place;

iii. Removing "and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
authorization" and adding "and Agency authorization" in its place; and

iv. Removing "without FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
approval" and adding "without Agency approval" in its place.
§ 1942.114 [Amended]

171.Amend § 1942.114 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1942.115 [Amended]

172.Amend § 1942.115 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 may require" and adding "RD may require" in its place and by removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employee" and adding
"Agency employee" in its place.
§ 1942.116 [Amended]

173.Amend § 1942.116 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (a) and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.122 [Amended]

174.Amend § 1942.122 by:

a. In the heading of paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.123 [Amended]

175.Amend § 1942.123 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(1) and (i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (k):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
and adding "Agency personnel" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "RD office" in its place.
§ 1942.126 [Amended]

176.Amend § 1942.126 by:

a. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 may" and adding "RD may" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "RD office" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 concurrence" and adding "Agency concurrence" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and adding "RD may"
in its place;

d. In paragraphs (b)(3), (c), and (d)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 for approval"
and adding "RD for approval" in its place;

ii. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "approved by RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District"
and adding "Agency District" in its place;

f. In paragraph (h) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraph (k), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (l)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "RD will" in its place and removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (l)(2), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "to RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 funds" and adding "Agency funds" in its place;

j. In paragraph (l)(2)(iii) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

k. In paragraph (l)(2)(iii)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

l. In paragraph (l)(3) introductory text:

i. Removing "or FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "or RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "inspector to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "inspector to RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District"
and adding "Agency District" in its place;

iv. Removing "guide 11" and adding "Guide 11" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

vi. Removing "Inspections by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Inspections by RD" in its place;

m. In paragraph (l)(4), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State Director" and adding "Agency
State Director" in its place;

n. In paragraphs (l)(5) and (l)(6)(i) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in
its place;

o. In paragraph (l)(6)(i)(C), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "RD's" in its place; and

p. In paragraph (l)(6)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District" and adding "Agency District"
in its place; and

q. In paragraph (l)(6)(iii) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1942.127 [Amended]

177.Amend § 1942.127 by:

a. In paragraph (e)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by RD" in
its place; and

b. In paragraph (e)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 loan" and adding "Agency loan" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and adding "RD may" in its place.

§ 1942.128 [Amended]

178.Amend § 1942.128(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.134 [Amended]

179.Amend § 1942.134 introductory text by removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place and by removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 Office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its
place.
Subpart G--Rural Business Enterprise Grants and Television Demonstration Grants
Back to Top
§ 1942.301 [Amended]

180.Amend § 1942.301 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever they occur and adding "Agency" in their
place.
§§ 1942.302. 1942.303, and 1942.304 [Amended]

181.Amend §§ 1942.302, 1942.303, and 1942.304 by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its
place.

182.In addition to the amendments set forth above, in § 1942.304, revise the
definition of "Rural and Rural Area" to read as follows:
§ 1942.304 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural and Rural Area. Any area other than a city or town that has a population
of greater than 50,000 inhabitants and the urbanized area contiguous and
adjacent to such a city or town. The population figure is obtained from the most
recent decennial Census. If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained
from the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable
population figure based on available population data.

* * * * *
§ 1942.305 [Amended]

183.Amend § 1942.305 by:

a. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (b)(3)(iv)(A), (b)(3)(iv)(C), (b)(3)(iv)(E), and (b)(3)(v),
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD"
in its place.
§ 1942.306 [Amended]

184.Amend § 1942.306(c) by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 grant" and
adding "Agency grant" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Agency loan" in its place; and

c. Removing "with FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "with RD" in its place.
§ 1942.308 [Amended]

185.Amend § 1942.308 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 assistance"
and adding "Agency assistance" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "RD has" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
regulations" and adding "Agency regulations" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (d):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 for" and
adding "RD for" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Agency State" in its place.
§ 1942.310 [Amended]

186.Amend § 1942.310 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "When FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "When RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "no FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "no Agency" in its place;

iii. Removing "unless FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "unless RD" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 shall" and
adding "RD shall" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "RD will" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "RD's" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(4):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "RD will" in its place;

iii. Removing "Forms FmHA" and adding "Forms RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" wherever
it occurs and adding "RD's" in its place;

v. Removing "prior to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "prior to RD" in its place; and

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and
adding "RD may" in its place;

e. In paragraph (c)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (c)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(3):

i. Removing "applicant to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "applicant to RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 National"
and adding "Agency National" in its place; and

iii. Removing "provided FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "provided RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (c)(4):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 grant" and
adding "Agency grant" in its place;

ii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from RD" in its place.
§§ 1942.311 and 1942.313 [Amended]

187.Amend §§ 1942.311(b) and 1942.313(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.315 [Amended]

188.Amend § 1942.315(b) by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1942.316 [Amended]

189.Amend § 1942.316(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
PART 1944--HOUSING Back to Top

190.The authority citation for part 1944 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart B--Housing Application Packaging Grants Back to Top
§ 1944.51 [Amended]

191.Amend § 1944.51 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in their place.
§§ 1944.52 and 1944.53 [Amended]

192.Amend §§ 1944.52 and 1944.53 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.

193.In addition to the amendments set forth above, in § 1944.52, revise the
definition of "Designated counties" to read as follows:
§ 1944.52 Definitions.

* * * * *

Designated counties. These counties are listed in exhibit D of this subpart. The
counties meet the following criteria:

(1) Twenty percent or more of the county population is at or below the poverty
level based on the most recent 5-year survey of the American Community Survey of
the Census Bureau or other Census Bureau data if needed; and

(2) Ten percent or more of the occupied housing units are substandard based on
the most recent decennial Census of the United States.

* * * * *
§ 1944.71 [Amended]

194.Amend § 1944.71(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1944.73 [Amended]

195.Amend § 1944.73 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text:

i. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
and adding "a Rural Development office" in its place;

ii. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
and adding "the Rural Development office" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
and adding "any Rural Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in
its place; and

d. In paragraphs (b) and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
Subpart I--Self-Help Technical Assistance Grants Back to Top
§ 1944.401 [Amended]

196.Amend § 1944.401 by removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place and by removing "an
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "a Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1944.402 [Amended]

197.Amend § 1944.402 introductory text by removing "Farmers Home Administration
(FmHA) or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1944.403, 1944.404, 1944.415, 1944.416, 1944.419, 1944.422, and 1944.426
[Amended]

198.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1944.403;

b. Section 1944.404;

c. Section 1944.415;

d. Section 1944.416;

e. Section 1944.419;

f. Section 1944.422; and

g. Section 1944.426.
§ 1944.410 [Amended]

199.Amend § 1944.410 by:

a. In paragraphs (b)(1)(ii) and (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (e)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.411 [Amended]

200.Amend § 1944.411 by:

a. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.412 [Amended]

201.Amend § 1944.412 by removing "FmHA" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in
its place.
§ 1944.413 [Amended]

202.Amend § 1944.413 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1944.417 [Amended]

203.Amend § 1944.417 by:

a. In the introductory text to the section, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2)(i), and (a)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (b) introductory text, (b)(1)(ii), and (b)(2), removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.423 [Amended]

204.Amend § 1944.423 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" wherever
it occurs and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. Removing "only FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 can" and
adding "only Rural Development can" in its place; and

c. Removing "with FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 in the"
and adding "with Rural Development in the" in its place.
§ 1944.425 [Amended]

205.Amend § 1944.425 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
Subpart K--Technical and Supervisory Assistance Grants Back to Top
§ 1944.501 [Amended]

206.Amend § 1944.501 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 employee" and adding "Rural Development employee" in its place and
removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employee" and
adding "a Rural Development employee" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "The Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1944.502 [Amended]

207.Amend § 1944.502 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text, (a)(1), and (b), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 resources" and adding "Rural
Development resources" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1944.506, 1944.510, 1944.512, 1944.514, 1944.516, 1944.520, 1944.525,
1944.529, 1944.538, 1944.541, 1944.543, 1944.547, and 1944.549 [Amended]

208.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1944.506;

b. Section 1944.510;

c. Section 1944.512;

d. Section 1944.514;

e. Section 1944.516;

f. Section 1944.520;

g. Section 1944.525;

h. Section 1944.529;

i. Section 1944.538;

j. Section 1944.541;

k. Section 1944.543;

l. Section 1944.547; and

m. Section 1944.549.
§ 1944.526 [Amended]

209.Amend § 1944.526 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2)(i)(E), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (a)(5) and (c)(1)(i), removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its
place.
§ 1944.531 [Amended]

210.Amend § 1944.531 by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and by
removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" from
paragraph (c)(13) and adding "by Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.533 [Amended]

211.Amend § 1944.533 by:

a. In paragraphs (c), (d), (f)(1), (f)(2) introductory text, (f)(2)(iii),
(f)(2)(iv), (f)(4) introductory text, (f)(4)(i), and (f)(6), removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever its occurs and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place and removing "Director of Information in the
National Office" and adding "Director, Legislative and Public Affairs Staff
(LAPAS), in the Rural Development National Office" in its place;

c. In paragraph (f)(4)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (f)(5), removing "LAPIS" wherever it occurs and adding "LAPAS"
in its place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1944.535 [Amended]

212.Amend § 1944.535 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (b), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Appeal" and adding "Rural Development Appeal" in its place.
§ 1944.536 [Amended]

213.Amend § 1944.536 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 determines" and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place and
by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1944.540 [Amended]

214.Amend § 1944.540 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.545 [Amended]

215.Amend § 1944.545 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 440-1" and adding "RD 1940-1" in its place.
§ 1944.548 [Amended]

216.Amend § 1944.548 by:

a. In the section heading, in paragraph (a), and in paragraph (b) introductory
text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place.
Subpart N--Housing Preservation Grants Back to Top
§ 1944.654 [Amended]

217.Amend § 1944.654 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA Instruction" wherever it occurs and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in
its place and removing "any Agency office" and adding "any Rural Development
office" in its place.
§ 1944.657 [Amended]

218.Amend § 1944.657 by removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
§ 1944.658 [Amended]

219.Amend § 1944.658(a)(3) by removing "or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs.
§§ 1944.660, 1944.663, 1944.664, 1944.666, 1944.668, 1944.671, 1944.674,
1944.678, 1944.679, 1944.681, 1944.683, 1944.684, and 1944.689 [Amended]

220.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1944.660 section heading and paragraph (a);

b. Section 1944.663(a)(7) and (a)(8);

c. Section 1944.664(c)(10)(ii);

d. Section 1944.666(a)(2), (b)(5), and (c);

e. Section 1944.668;

f. Section 1944.671(b) introductory text and paragraphs (b)(2) and (c);

g. Section 1944.674(b) and (c);

h. Section 1944.678;

i. Section 1944.679(b) introductory text and paragraph (b)(4);

j. Section 1944.681;

k. Section 1944.683(a), (b) introductory text, (c), and (d);

l. Section 1944.684 (a), (b) introductory text, (b)(2), (c), and (d); and

m. Section 1944.689(b).
§ 1944.672 [Amended]

221.Amend § 1944.672 by:

a. In paragraphs (c) and (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (e)(3):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
environmental" and adding "Rural Development's environmental" in its place; and

ii. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
environmental" and adding "a Rural Development environmental" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.673 [Amended]

222.Amend § 1944.673 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "Rural Development has" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.676 [Amended]

223.Amend § 1944.676 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "appropriate FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "appropriate Rural Development" in its place and
removing "any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and
adding "any Rural Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b) introductory text, (b)(1)(iv), and (b)(1)(xii), removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(1)(iii):

i. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(1)(x), removing "Rural Development or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354";

e. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development
office" in its place;

f. In paragraph (d)(4), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

g. In paragraph (d)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place and removing
"to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural
Development" in its place;

h. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

i. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1944.682 [Amended]

224.Amend § 1944.682 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines"
and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iv. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "by Rural Development" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.688 [Amended]

225.Amend § 1944.688 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's appeal" and adding "Rural Development's appeal" in its place.
§ 1944.690 [Amended]

226.Amend § 1944.690 by removing "Administrator of FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development (or
designee)" in its place.
PART 1948--RURAL DEVELOPMENT Back to Top

227.The authority citation for part 1948 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932 note.
Subpart B--Section 601 Energy Impacted Area Development Assistance Back to Top
§ 1948.51 [Amended]

228.Amend § 1948.51 by:

a. Removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place; and

c. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "a Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1948.53, 1948.56, 1948.60, 1948.62, 1948.68, 1948.70, 1948.81, 1948.86,
1948.88, 1948.91, 1948.94, and 1948.95 [Amended]

229.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1948.53;

b. Section 1948.56;

c. Section 1948.60;

d. Section 1948.62(b);

e. Section 1948.68(g);

f. Section 1948.70(b);

g. Section 1948.81(a) and (b);

h. Section 1948.86(a)(1) and (a)(2);

i. Section 1948.88;

j. Section 1948.91;

k. Section 1948.94(a) introductory text and (b); and

l. Section 1948.95.

230.Revise § 1948.61 introductory text to read as follows:
§ 1948.61 State supplements and guides.

Rural Development State Directors will obtain National Office clearance for all
State supplements and guides in accordance with paragraph VIII of RD Instruction
2006-B, (available in any Rural Development office).

* * * * *
§ 1948.70 [Amended]

231.Amend § 1948.70(c) by removing "Administrator of FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1948.79 [Amended]

232.Amend § 1948.79 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph (a);

ii. Paragraph (c) introductory text;

iii. Paragraph (e) introductory text;

iv. Paragraph (f);

v. Paragraph (g);

vi. Paragraph (h) introductory text;

vii. Paragraph (i);

viii. Paragraph (j);

ix. Paragraphs (k) introductory text and (k)(12);

b. In paragraph (c)(4), removing "Forms FmHA" and adding "Form RD" in its place
and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (k)(8), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 440-1" and adding "RD 1940-1" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (k)(9) and (k)(10), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1948.81 [Amended]

233.Amend § 1948.81(d) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 State" and adding "Rural Development State" in its place and by
removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1948.82 [Amended]

234.Amend § 1948.82 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraphs (a) introductory text and (a)(10);

ii. Paragraph (c);

iii. Paragraph (d);

iv. Paragraph (e);

v. Paragraphs (f) introductory text, (f)(1), and (f)(2);

vi. Paragraph (g);

vii. Paragraph (h); and

viii. Paragraph (m).

b. In paragraph (i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 National" and adding "Rural Development State" in its place and removing
"Administrator" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (j), removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354, the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
State" and adding "Under Secretrary for Rural Development, the Rural Development
State" in its place;

d. In paragraph (k), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Stae" and adding "Rural Development State" in its place and removing
"Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Under Secretrary for Rural Development" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (l), removing "Administrator of FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in
its place.
§§ 1948.83 and 1948.97 [Amended]

235.Amend §§ 1948.83 and 1948.97 by removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its
place.
§ 1948.84 [Amended]

236.Amend § 1948.84 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "
Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph (a);

ii. Paragraph (d) introductory text;

iii. Paragraphs (e) introductory text and (e)(1);

iv. Paragraph (f);

v. Paragraph (g);

vi. Paragraph (h) introductory text;

vii. Paragraph (i) introductory text; and

viii. Paragraphs (i)(14) and (i)(17).

b. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "The Rural Development office" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District"
and adding "Rural Development District" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "the Rural Development State" in its place; and

iv. Removing "the time the AD-622" and adding "the time the Form AD-622" in its
place;

c. In paragraphs (d)(2) and (d)(8), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d)(9), removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 400-1 and Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 400-4" and adding "Form RD 400-1 and Form RD 400-4" in its place;

e. In paragraph (i)(10), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 440-1" and adding "RD 1940-1" in its place;

f. In paragraph (i)(11), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (i)(12), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 400" and adding "RD 400-4" in its place; and

h. In paragraph (i)(13), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1948.89 [Amended]

237.Amend § 1948.89 by:

a. In the heading of the section and in paragraph (a) introductory text,
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State"
wherever it occurs and adding "the Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "for FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "for Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "Administrator" and adding "Under Secretary for
Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in
its place; and

e. In paragraphs (a)(4), (a)(5), and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1948.90 [Amended]

238.Amend § 1948.90 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text and (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2):

i. Removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (a)(3), (b)(2), (b)(3), and (b)(5), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1948.92 [Amended]

239.Amend § 1948.92 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (d) and (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 440-1" and adding "RD 1940-1" in its place;

d. In paragraph (f):

i. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Director of Information, Farmers Home Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Director, Legislative and
Public Affairs Staff (LAPAS), in the Rural Development National Office" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (g)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (g)(4), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and adding "Rural
Development State" in its place;

g. In paragraph (g)(6), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 440-1" and adding "Form RD 1940-1" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 National" and adding "Rural
Development National" in its place;

h. In paragraph (g)(7), removing "Director of Information in the FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 National Office" and adding "Director,
LAPAS, in the Rural Development National Office" in its place;

i. In paragraph (g)(10), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (g)(11):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "Director, Legislative Affairs and Public Information Staff
(LAPIS)" and adding "Director, LAPAS" in its place;

iii. Removing "LAPIS" wherever it occurs and adding "LAPAS" in its place; and

iv. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1948.93 [Amended]

240.Amend § 1948.93 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place and by
removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place.
§ 1948.94 [Amended]

241.Amend § 1948.94 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA Instruction 402.1 (available in any FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office)" and adding "RD
Instruction 1902-A (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place and
removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"to Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1948.96 [Amended]

242.Amend § 1948.96 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
PART 1950--GENERAL Back to Top
Subpart C--Servicing Accounts of Borrowers Entering the Armed Forces Back to Top

243.The authority citation for subpart C of part 1950 continues to read as
follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; and 42 U.S.C. 1480.
§ 1950.101 [Amended]

244.Amend § 1950.101 by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354)" and adding "Rural Development" in its place and by removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations" and adding "Rural
Development regulations" in its place.
§ 1950.102 [Amended]

245.Amend § 1950.102(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 will" and adding "Rural Development will" in its place and by
removing "policy FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "policy of Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1950.103 [Amended]

246.Amend § 1950.103 by:

a. In the section heading, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 loan" and adding "government loan" in its place and removing "borrower
and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "borrower
and Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place and removing "Address
or Name" and adding "Address, Name, Case Number, or Loan Number" in its place.
§ 1950.104 [Amended]

247.Amend § 1950.104 by:

a. In the section heading, introductory text, and paragraph (a), removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development"
in its place;

b. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1950.105 [Amended]

248.Amend § 1950.105(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
PART 1951--SERVICING AND COLLECTIONS Back to Top

249.The authority citation for part 1951 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932 note; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 31 U.S.C. 3716; 42 U.S.C. 1480.

Subpart A--Account Servicing Policies Back to Top
§ 1951.2 [Amended]

250.Amend § 1951.2 by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354)" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1951.3 [Amended]

251.Amend § 1951.3 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1951.7 [Amended]

252.Amend § 1951.7 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b)(4)(i), (c), and (d)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 borrowers will be maintained in the County Office on Forms FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1905-1, FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 1905-5, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 1905-10, "Management System Card-Association," as provided in FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction 1905-A (available in
any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office)" and adding
"Agency borrowers will be maintained in the County Office as provided in RD
Instruction 1905-A (available in any Agency office)" in its place;

d. In paragraph (h) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

e. In paragraphs (h)(1) and (h)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

f. In paragraph (h)(3):

i. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Forms RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "copy(ies) of Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "copy(ies) of Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "; a copy of Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 1951-58, "Basis for Loan Account Payment Application for Farmer Program
Loans;".
§ 1951.8 [Amended]

253.Amend § 1951.8(b)(3) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1951.9 [Amended]

254.Amend § 1951.9 by:

a. In the section heading, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

b. In the introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

e. In paragraphs (a)(1)(ii), (a)(1)(iii), (a)(1)(iv), (a)(2), and (b), removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and
adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1951.10 [Amended]

255.Amend § 1951.10 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (a)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1951.11 [Amended]

256.Amend § 1951.11 by:

a. In paragraph (d)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

b. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.12 [Amended]

257.Amend § 1951.12 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 loan" and adding "Agency loan" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (c)(1) and (c)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.14 [Amended]

258.Amend § 1951.14(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1951.25 [Amended]

259.Amend § 1951.25(b)(2)(ii) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.

260.Revise Exhibit A to subpart A of 7 CFR part 1951 to read as follows:
Exhibit A to Subpart A of Part 1951--Notice to Agency Borrowers Back to Top

Agency borrowers with community program loan types made under the Consolidated
Farm and Rural Development Act may request a loan summary statement which shows
the calendar year account activity for each loan. Interested borrowers may
request these statements through their local Rural Development office.
Subpart D--Final Payment of Loans Back to Top
§ 1951.153 [Amended]

261.Amend § 1951.153(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1951.154 [Amended]

262.Amend § 1951.154 by removing in paragraph (a) "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place and by removing in
paragraph (c) "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"RD" in its place.
§ 1951.155 [Amended]

263.Amend § 1951.155 by:

a. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "RD will" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c) introductory text and paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(2):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will"
wherever it occurs and adding "RD will" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 is" and
adding "RD is" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 can" and
adding "RD can" in its place;

d. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 may" and adding "RD may" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD
Instruction" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "RD will" in its place and removing "by FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by RD" in its place.
Subpart E--Servicing of Community and Direct Business Programs Loans and Grants
Back to Top
§ 1951.201 [Amended]

264.Amend § 1951.201 by removing "loans for Grazing and other shift-in-land-use
projects;" and "Association Irrigation and Drainage loans;" and by removing "and
the Farm Service Agency" and adding "and the Rural Housing Service" in its
place.
§ 1951.202 [Amended]

265.Amend § 1951.202 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and by removing "by
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1951.203 [Amended]

266.Amend § 1951.203(h) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.207 [Amended]

267.Amend § 1951.207 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1951.211, 1951.215, and 1951.216 [Amended]

268.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1951.211;

b. Section 1951.215 introductory text and (a)(2); and

c. Section 1951.216.
§ 1951.220 [Amended]

269.Amend § 1951.220 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural
Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 1951-9" and "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 1951-9" and adding "Form RD 1951-9" in their place;

f. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

h. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

i. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

j. In paragraph (e)(2)(v), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

k. In paragraph (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 as" and adding "Rural Development
as" in its place; and

l. In paragraphs (g) and (h)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.221 [Amended]

270.Amend § 1951.221 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(2)(i)(A), (a)(2)(i)(B), and (a)(2)(i)(C), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(3) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (a)(3)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.222 [Amended]

271.Amend § 1951.222 by:

a. In the introductory text and in paragraphs (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), and
(a)(9), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherver
it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (c)(1) and (c)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(7), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.223 [Amended]

272.Amend § 1951.223 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's security" and adding "Rural Development's security" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 approval" and
adding "Rural Development approval" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (c)(3), (c)(4) introductory text, (c)(4)(i), (c)(4)(ii), and
(c)(4)(iv), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.224 [Amended]

273.Amend § 1951.224 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(1)(iii), (a)(1)(v), and (a)(2)(v), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(2), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (b)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 consent" and adding "Rural Development consent" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

f. In paragraph (e)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.225 [Amended]

274.Amend § 1951.225 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.226 [Amended]

275.Amend § 1951.226 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(4)(i), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(4)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(5)(i), removing "on FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "on Rural Development" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's advantage" and adding "
Rural Development's advantage" in its place;

f. In paragraphs (b)(5)(ii) and (b)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (c)(1)(iv) through (vii), (c)(2)(i), and (c)(2)(ii), removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs
and adding "Form RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (d)(1) "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its
place;

k. In paragraph (d)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

l. In paragraph (d)(2)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.227 [Amended]

276.Amend § 1951.227 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
§ 1951.230 [Amended]

277.Amend § 1951.230 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's security" and adding "Rural Development's security" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 program" and
adding "Rural Development program" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (a)(3), (a)(4), and (a)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(7), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "to FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in
its place;

e. In paragraph (a)(8), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (a)(9), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 debt" and adding "Rural Development debt" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs
and adding "Form RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (a)(12), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (b) introductory text and (b)(5), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

i. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

k. In paragraph (c)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

l. In paragraph (d) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

m. In paragraph (d)(1)(i):

i. Removing "non-FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
personnel" and adding "non-Rural Development personnel" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

n. In paragraph (d)(1)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

o. In paragraph (d)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

p. In paragraph (d)(5), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

q. In paragraphs (e)(1) and (e)(2)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

r. In paragraph (f)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" wherever it occurs and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

s. In paragraph (f)(5), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "approval by FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "approval by Rural
Development" in its place;

t. In paragraphs (f)(6), (f)(7)(i), and (f)(7)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

u. In paragraph (f)(8), removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place;

v. In paragraph (f)(9), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

w. In paragraph (f)(11), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

x. In paragraphs (f)(12) and (f)(14), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

y. In paragraph (f)(15), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.231 [Amended]

278.Amend § 1951.231 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(1)(i), (v), and (vii), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1)(vi), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (a)(2), (3), and (4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

e. In paragraphs (c)(3) and (4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (d) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

g. In paragraph (d)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and removing "debt to
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "debt to Rural
Development" in its place.
§§ 1951.232, 1951.240, and 1951.241 [Amended]

279.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1951.232;

b. Section 1951.240; and

c. Section 1951.241.
Subpart F--Analyzing Credit Needs and Graduation of Borrowers Back to Top
§ 1951.264 [Amended]

280.Amend § 1951.264(a)(2) by removing "1951-F-5" and adding "1951-5" in its
place.
Exhibit B to Subpart F [Amended] Back to Top

281.In Exhibit B to subpart F, paragraph 15, removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and
removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"by Rural Development" in its place.
Subpart R--Rural Development Loan Servicing Back to Top
§ 1951.851 [Amended]

282.Amend § 1951.851 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354)" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.852 [Amended]

283.Amend § 1951.852(a)(1), (a)(2), and (a)(9) by removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development loan" in its place.
§§ 1951.866, 1951.883, and 1951.896 [Amended]

284.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1951.866;

b. Section 1951.883; and

c. Section 1951.896.
§ 1951.881 [Amended]

285.Amend § 1951.881 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (d):

i. Removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Administrator" and adding "the Rural Development Under Secretary" in its place;
and

c. In paragraph (e)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.884 [Amended]

286.Amend § 1951.884 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.885 [Amended]

287.Amend § 1951.885 by:

a. In the introductory text and in paragraphs (a)(2), and (b), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "
Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "expose FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "expose Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place; and

iii. Removing "which FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "which Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.889 [Amended]

288.Amend § 1951.889 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 case nunber" and adding "Rural Development case number" in its place.
§ 1951.890 [Amended]

289.Amend § 1951.890 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

d. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 and" and
adding "Rural Development and" in its place; and

e. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 staff" and
adding "Rural Development staff" in its place.
§ 1951.891 [Amended]

290.Amend § 1951.891 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text:

i. Removing "that FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "that Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Should the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Should Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "interests of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "interests of Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and
adding "Rural Development may" in its place;

b. in paragraph (a)(2), removing "as FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "as Rural Development" in its place and removing "by the
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by Rural
Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (a)(3), (e), and (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place.
PART 1955--PROPERTY MANAGEMENT Back to Top

291.The authority citation for part 1955 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--Liquidation of Loans Secured by Real Estate and Acquisition of Real
and Chattel Property Back to Top
§ 1955.2 [Amended]

292.Amend § 1955.2 by removing "property to FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "property to Rural Development" in its place and
removing "conveyance to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "conveyance to Rural Development and" in its place.
§ 1955.3 [Amended]

293.Amend § 1955.3 by:

a. In the definition of `CONACT or CONACT property', removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the government" in its
place;

b. In the definition of `Government', removing "Farmers Home Administration or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354)," and adding "RBS, RHS, and RUS of the" in its place
and removing "used interchangeably herein with "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354."; and

c. In the definition of `Prior lien', removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 security" and adding "Rural Development security" in
its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
`" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1955.5 [Amended]

294.Amend § 1955.5 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d), removing "(available in any FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office)" and removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1955.10 [Amended]

295.Amend § 1955.10 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. The introductory text;

ii. The heading of paragraph (c);

iii. Paragraph (f) introductory text;

iv. Paragraphs (f)(1) introductory text, (f)(1)(i)(A), (f)(1)(i)(B), (f)(1)(ii),
and (f)(1)(iii);

v. Paragraph (g)(1); and

vi. Paragraphs (h)(1), (h)(2), and (h)(5);

b. In paragraph (a)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 liens" and
adding "Rural Development liens" in its place;

ii. Removing "made by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "made by Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "An FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
official" and adding "A Rural Development official" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), and (d)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (e):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "qualified FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "qualified Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "outside FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "outside Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

f. In paragraphs (h)(4)(i) and (h)(4)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place.
§§ 1955.11 and 1955.12 [Amended]

296.Amend §§ 1955.11 and 1955.12 by removing in their section headings and
wherever else it occurs "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.15 [Amended]

297.Amend § 1955.15 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. The introductory text;

ii. Paragraph (a)(2)(i);

iii. Paragraph (d)(2)(v);

iv. Paragraph (d)(3)(i)(A);

v. Paragraph (d)(6)(i) introductory text;

vi. Paragraphs (f)(1)(i)(C) and (D),

vii. Paragraphs (f)(5)(i)(A) and (B);

viii. Paragraph (f)(5)(ii); and

ix. Paragraphs (f)(7)(i) and (ii).

b. In paragraph (b) introductory text:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

iv. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Forms RD" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan
servicing" and adding "Rural Development loan servicing" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the government" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d)(1):

i. Removing "whether FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "whether Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan(s)" and
adding "Rural Development loan(s)" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's position"
and adding "Rural Development's position" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 Guide Letters" and adding "Guide Letters" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

f. In paragraphs (d)(4), (e)(2), and (f)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (f)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place;

h. In paragraph (f)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (f)(6):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" wherever
it occurs and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

ii. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 borrower"
and adding "a Rural Development borrower" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 debt" and
adding "Rural Development debt" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines"
and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place;

v. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 appraiser"
and adding "a Rural Development appraiser" in its place;

vi. Removing "outside FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "outside Rural Development" in its place;

vii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

viii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (f)(7) introductory text, removing "an FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 employee" wherever it occurs and adding "a Rural
Development employee" in its place.
§ 1955.18 [Amended]

298.Amend § 1955.18 by:

a. In paragraph (e)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.

c. In paragraph (e)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (e)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

e. In paragraph (e)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

f. In paragraph (e)(4) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.20 [Amended]

299.Amend § 1955.20 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (b)(2):

i. Removing "chattels to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "chattels to Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (b)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

i. In paragraph (d):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "outside FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "outside Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (f)(1) introductory text, removing "an FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place;

k. In paragraphs (f)(1)(ii), and (f)(2)(i), (ii), and (iii), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

l. In paragraph (f)(2)(v), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

m. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

n. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;
§ 1955.22 [Amended]

300.Amend § 1955.22 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 officials"
and adding "Rural Development officials" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD instruction" in its place; and

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
Subpart B--Management of Property Back to Top
§ 1955.52 [Amended]

301.Amend § 1955.52 by removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "by the respective Agency" in its place and by removing
"Generally, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Generally, RHS" in its place.
§ 1955.53 [Amended]

302.Amend § 1955.53 as follows:

a. In the definition of `CONACT or CONACT property', remove "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and add "the respective Agency" in
its place;

b. In the definition of `Custodial property', remove "an FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and add "a Rural Development loan" in its
place and remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan has
taken" and add "the respective Agency has taken" in its place; and

c. In the definition of `Government', remove "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and add "the respective Agency" in its place.
§ 1955.55 [Amended]

303.Amend § 1955.55 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherevre it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph (b) introductory text;

ii. Paragraph (b)(2) introductory text;

iii. Paragraphs (c) introductory text and (c)(1);

iv. Paragraphs (f)(2)(i) and (ii), and (f)(3);

b. In paragraph (b)(2)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (f) introductory text:

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "through FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "through Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "if FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "if Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
§§ 1955.57, 1955.60, 1955.61, and 1955.82 [Amended]

304.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1955.57;

b. Section 1955.60;

c. Section 1955.61; and

d. Section 1955.82.
§ 1955.62 [Amended]

305.Amend § 1955.62 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 lien" and adding "a Rural Development lien" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official" and
adding "Rural Development official" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(1) and (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;
§ 1955.65 [Amended]

306.Amend § 1955.65 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354";

b. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(1):

i. Removing "which FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "which Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's approval"
and adding "Rural Development's approval" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (c)(2)(i), (ii), and (iii), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its
place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (c)(4):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
wherever it occurs and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in their place.
§ 1955.72 [Amended]

307.Amend § 1955.72(a) and (b) by removing "(available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office)".

308.Amend Exhibit A to subpart B of Part 1955 by revising the heading to read as
follows:
Exhibit A to Subpart B of Part 1955--Memorandum of Understanding Between the
Federal Emergency Management Agency and Rural Development Back to Top

* * * * *
Subpart C--Disposal of Inventory Property Back to Top
§ 1955.102 [Amended]

309.Amend § 1955.102 by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354s (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's)" and adding "the applicable" in its place.
§ 1955.103 [Amended]

310.Amend § 1955.103 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following definitions:

i. `Approval official';

ii. `Borrower';

iii. `Decent, safe, and sanitary (DSS) housing';

iv. `Eligible terms';

v. `Participating broker';

vi. `Program terms'; and

vii. `Regular sale';

b. In the definition of `CONACT or CONACT property', removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the respective Agency" in
its place;

c. In the definitions of `Ineligible terms' and `Nonprogram (NP) terms',
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "
Rural Development's" in its place;

d. In the definition of `Inventory property', removing "an FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and adding "a Rural Development loan" in
its place;

e. In the definition of `Nonprogram (NP) property', removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354"; and

f. Removing the definition of "Regular FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 sale", adding a definition for `Regular Agency sale' in alphabetical
order, and revising the definitions of `Suitable property' and `Surplus
property'. The revisions read as follows:
§ 1955.103 Definitions.

* * * * *

Regular Agency sale. Sale made by Rural Deveopment employees or real estate
brokers other than by sealed bid, auction, or negotiation.

* * * * *

Suitable property. Real property that could be used to carry out the objectives
of Rural Development's loan programs with financing provided through that
program.

Surplus property. Property that cannot be used to carry out the objectives of
financing available through the applicable loan program.
§§ 1955.104, 1955.112, 1955.113, 1955.121, 1955.128, 1955.132, 1955.134,
1955.136, and 1955.150 [Amended]

311.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1955.104;

b. Section 1955.112;

c. Section 1955.113;

d. Section 1955.121;

e. Section 1955.128;

f. Section 1955.132;

g. Section 1955.134;

h. Section 1955.136(a)(2); and

i. Section 1955.150.
§ 1955.105 [Amended]

312.Amend § 1955.105 by:

a. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Services"
and adding "RD Services" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (c) introductory text, (c)(1), (c)(3), and (d), removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development"
in its place.
§ 1955.109 [Amended]

313.Amend § 1955.109 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing the second and third sentences; and

b. In paragraphs (g) and (j), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1955.114 [Amended]

314.Amend § 1955.114 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text and (a)(1)(v), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "unless FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "unless Rural Development"
in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(3)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding Rural Development" in its place

e. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employee"
and adding "Rural Development employee" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

f. In paragraphs (c) introductroy text and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.115 [Amended]

315.Amend § 1955.115 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 DSS" and
adding "Rural Development DSS" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-35" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (a)(3), and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-35" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.116 [Amended]

316.Amend § 1955.116 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "which FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has"
and adding "which Rural Development has" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Contact FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Contact Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "through Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "through Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

d. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.117 [Amended]

317.Amend § 1955.117 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 sales" and adding "Rural
Development sales" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "The FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (e) and (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.118 [Amended]

318.Amend § 1955.118 by:

a. In paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(11), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (b)(7) and (b)(8)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.119 [Amended]

319.Amend § 1955.119 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development will" in its
place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines"
and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1955.120 [Amended]

320.Amend § 1955.120 by:

a. Removing "non-FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "non-Rural Development" in its place;

b. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

c. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

d. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official" and
adding "Rural Development official'' in its place.
§ 1955.122 [Amended]

321.Amend § 1955.122 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "of the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of the Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Form" and
adding "Rural Development Form" in its place; and

iv. Removing "in FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "in Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (f), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place;

f. In the undesignated paragraph following paragraph (f):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place.

322.Revise § 1955.123(a) to read as follows:
§ 1955.123 Sale procedures (chattel).

(a) Credit sales. Although cash sales are preferred in the sale of chattel,
credit sales may be used advantageously in the sale of chattels to eligible
purchasers and to facilitate sales of high-priced chattels. Credit sales to
eligible purchasers will be in accordance with the provisions of this chapter
for the appropriate program for which a loan would otherwise be made including
eligibility determinations. Preference will be given to a cash offer that is at
least * percent of the higher offer requiring credit. [*Refer to exhibit B of RD
Instruction 440.1 (available in any Rural Development office) for the current
percentage.] Credit sales made to ineligible purchasers will require not less
than a 10 percent downpayment with the remaining balance amortized over a period
not to exceed 5 years. The interest rate for ineligible purchasers of C&BP
chattel will be the current ineligible interest rate for C&BP property set forth
in Exhibit B of RD Instruction 440.1 (available in any Rural Development
office). District Directors and State Directors are authorized to approve or
disapprove sale of C&BP chattel on ineligible terms in accordance with the
respective type of program approval authorities in Exhibit E of Subpart A of
Part 1901 of this chapter (available in any Rural Development office). For other
than C&BP, credit sales to NP purchasers will be handled in accordance with
Subpart J of Part 1951 of this chapter.

* * * * *
§ 1955.124 [Amended]

323.Amend §§ 1955.124 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1955.127 [Amended]

324.Amend § 1955.127 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and by removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place.
§ 1955.130 [Amended]

325.Amend § 1955.130 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" wherever it occurs and adding
"Rural Development office" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and "Rural Development" in its
place;

g. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.

h. In paragraph (f)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

i. In paragraph (f)(3):

i. Removing "receiving FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "receiving Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "appropriate FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "appropriate Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 shall" and adding "Rural Development shall" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs
and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1955.131 [Amended]

326.Amend § 1955.131 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may not" and
adding "Rural Development may not" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official"
and adding "Rural Development official" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1955.133 [Amended]

327.Amend § 1955.133 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "if FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "if Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its
place; and

b. In paragraphs (b) and (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.135 [Amended]

328.Amend § 1955.135 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "Where FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Where Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "between Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
1955-45 or FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Forms RD 1955-45 or RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "paid by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "paid by Rural Development" in its place; and

v. Removing "proceeds FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "proceeds Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 credit" and adding "Rural Development credit" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural
Development's" in its place.
§ 1955.138 [Amended]

329.Amend § 1955.138 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1955.139 [Amended]

330.Amend § 1955.139 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(3)(iii), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3)(iv), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

c. In paragraphs (a)(3)(v) and (vi), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.144 [Amended]

331.Amend § 1955.144(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in their place.
§ 1955.146 [Amended]

332.Amend § 1955.146(a) by:

a. Removing "sold by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "sold by Rural Development" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
wherever it occurs and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

d. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1955-40
or FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Forms RD
1955-40 or RD" in its place;

f. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place; and

g. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may contract"
and adding "Rural Development may contract" in its place.
§ 1955.147 [Amended]

333.Amend § 1955.147 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "all FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "all Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "payable to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "payable to Rural Development" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (d) and (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
PART 1956--DEBT SETTLEMENT Back to Top

334.The authority citation for part 1956 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 31 U.S.C. 3711; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart C--Debt Settlement--Community and Business Programs Back to Top
§ 1956.102 [Amended]

335.Amend § 1956.102(a) by removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354)" and adding "the government" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel" and adding "Rural
Development personnel" in their place.

336.Revise § 1956.105(a), (f), (g), and (h) to read as follows:
§ 1956.105 Definitions.

(a) Settlement. The compromise, adjustment, cancellation, or chargeoff of a debt
owed to Rural Development. The term "settlement" is used for convenience in
referring to compromise, adjustment, cancellation, or chargeoff actions,
individually or collectively.

* * * * *

(f) Debtor. The borrower of loan funds under any of Rural Development programs
specified in § 1956.101.

(g) Security. All that serves as collateral for Rural Development loan(s),
including, but not limited to, revenues, tax levies, municipal bonds, and real
and chattel property.

(h) Servicing official. The Rural Development official who is primarily
responsible for servicing the account.

* * * * *
§§ 1956.109, 1956.110, 1956.130, 1956.138, 1956.142, and 1956.148 [Amended]

337.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "RD" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1956.109(f);

b. Section 1956.110;

c. Section 1956.130;

d. Section 1956.138;

e. Section 1956.142(f); and

f. Section 1956.148.
§ 1956.111 [Amended]

338.Amend § 1956.111 introductory text and paragraph (a) by removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place.
§ 1956.112 [Amended]

339.Amend § 1956.112(d) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1956.139 [Amended]

340.Amend § 1956.139 by:

a. In paragraph (d) introductory text:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "Compromise Offer--FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Compromise Offer--Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Adjustment Offer--FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Adjustment Offer--Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (d)(1) and (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1956.143 [Amended]

341.Amend § 1956.143 by:

a. In paragraph (a),

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following definitions:

A. `Debt writedown';

B. `Delinquent debtor';

C. `Eligibility'; and

D. `Operations review'; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place in the definition of `Net recovery
value';

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Devleopment office" in its place in the
following places:

i. Paragraph (b) introductory text;

ii. Paragraphs (c)(1), (c)(3)(ii)(B), and (c)(3)(iv)(E)(1);

iii. Paragraphs (e)(1) introductory text, (e)(1)(iii), (e)(2) introductory text,
and (e)(2)(ii)(A);

iv. Paragraphs (f)(1) and (2);

v. Paragraph (g)(1) introductory text; and

vi. Paragraph (h).

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraphs (b)(3), (b)(6), and (b)(8);

ii. Paragraphs (c)(3)(i)(A) and (c)(3)(ii)(C);

iii. Paragraphs (e)(1)(i), (e)(2)(i), and (e)(2)(ii)(B); and

iv. Paragraph (g)(1)(ii);

d. In paragraphs (b)(7) and (c)(3)(iv)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "to
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural
Development" in its place;

f. In paragraphs (c)(3)(ii)(B) and (c)(3)(iv)(B)(1), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD
Instruction" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(3)(iv)(G)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 approval" and adding "Rural
Development approval" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (d)(2), (f)(2), and (g)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's approval" and adding "Rural Development's approval" in its place
and removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (e)(2)(ii)(A):

i. Removing "pay FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "pay Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "inform FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "inform Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "pay off FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "pay off Rural Development" in its place;

k. In paragraph (f)(1):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 is" and
adding "Rural Development is" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

l. In paragraph (g)(1) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 becomes" and
adding "Rural Development becomes" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place; and

m. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 determines" and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place.

342.Revise § 1956.145 to read as follows:
§ 1956.145 Disposition of essential Rural Development records.

RD Instruction 2033-A (available in any Rural Development office) identifies an
"essential Rural Development record" as the original of any document or record
which provides evidence of indebtedness or obligation to RD and includes, but is
not limited to: promissory notes, assumption agreements and valuable documents,
such as bonds fully registered as to principal and interest.

(a) Essential Rural Development records evidencing debts settled by compromise,
completed adjustment or cancelled with application will be returned to the
debtor or to the debtors' legal representative. The appropriate legend, such as
"Satisfied by Approved Compromise," and the date of the final action will be
stamped or typed on the original document. This same information plus the date
the original document is returned to the debtor will be shown on a copy to be
placed in the debtor's case folder.

(b) Essential Rural Development records evidencing debts cancelled without
application will be placed in the debtor's case folder and disposed of pursuant
to RD Instruction 2033-A (available in any Rural Development office). However,
if the debtor requests the document(s), they must be stamped "Satisfied by
Approved Cancellation" and returned.

(c) Essential Rural Development records evidencing charged off debts will be
retained in the servicing office and will not be stamped or returned to the
debtor. They will be destroyed six years after chargeoff pursuant to RD
Instruction 2033-A (available in any Rural Development office).
§ 1956.147 [Amended]

343.Amend § 1956.147 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354";

c. In paragraph (b), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "owed FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "owed Rural Development"
in its place; and

d. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
PART 1957--ASSET SALES Back to Top

344.The authority citation for part 1957 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Pub. L. 99-509, sec 2001(b)(1).
Subpart A--Rural Housing Asset Sales Back to Top
§ 1957.1 [Amended]

345.Amend § 1957.1 by:

a. Removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Housing Service (RHS)" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "RHS" in its place; and

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"RHS's" in its place.
§§ 1957.2 and 1957.6 [Amended]

346.Amend §§ 1957.2 and 1957.6 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RHS" in its place.
PART 1962--PERSONAL PROPERTY Back to Top

347.The authority citation for part 1962 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--Servicing and Liquidation of Chattel Security Back to Top
§ 1962.1 [Amended]

348.Amend § 1962.1 by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354)" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.2 [Amended]

349.Amend § 1962.2 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.3 [Amended]

350.Amend § 1962.3 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.4 [Amended]

351.Amend § 1962.4 by:

a. In the definition of `Acquired chattel property,' removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the government" in its
place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following definitions:

i. `Basic security';

ii. `Criminal action';

iii. 'Default'; and

iv. `Liquidation'.

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place in the following definitions:

i. `Civil action' and

ii. `Repossed property'.

d. Removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in
the definition of `Normal income security'.
§§ 1962.6, 1962.16, 1962.26, 1962.27, 1962.34, 1962.41, 1962.44, and 1962.46
[Amended]

352.Remove "Form FmHA" and "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever they occur and adding "Form RD" in their place in the
following places:

a. Section 1962.6;

b. Section 1962.16;

c. Section 1962.26;

d. Section 1962.27(c) introductory text and (d);

e. Section 1962.34(b)(3);

f. Section 1962.41;

g. Section 1962.44; and

h. Section 1962.46.
§ 1962.8 [Amended]

353.Amend § 1962.8 by removing "protect FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "protect Rural Development" in its place and by
removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"a Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.17 [Amended]

354.Amend § 1962.17 by removing "Form FmHA" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place and by removing "The FmHA has" in paragraph (d)(2)(ii) and
adding "Rural Development has" in its place.
§ 1962.18 [Amended]

355.Amend § 1962.18 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 1962.1" and adding "the applicable Agency form" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b)(1), by:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1962-1"
and adding "the applicable Agency form" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 431-2" and
adding "RD 431-2" in its place; and

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.19 [Amended]

356.Amend § 1962.19 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 holds" and adding "Rural Development holds" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "
Rural Development's" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.27 [Amended]

357.Amend § 1962.27 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 has" and adding "Rural Development has" in its place and removing
"borrower non FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"borrower nor Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (c)(1) and (c)(2) "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (e), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Form RD" in its place.
§ 1962.29 [Amended]

358.Amend § 1962.29 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "accepted by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "accepted by Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "paid by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354,
the County Supervisor may pay them as a petty purchase or as the bill of a
creditor of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 in accordance
with FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instructions 2024-E,
copies of which are available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office." and adding "paid by Rural Development, the field office may
pay them in accordance to RD Instruction 2024-A, Exhibit D, Program Loan Cost
Expenses." in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(2) and (a)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (b)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1962.34 [Amended]

359.Amend § 1962.34 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 410-1,
"Application for FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Services," and adding "Form RD 410-1, "Application for RD Services," in its
place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "RD office" in its place; and
§ 1962.40 [Amended]

360.Amend § 1962.40(e)(1)(ii) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1962.41 [Amended]

361.Amend § 1962.41 by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and "Form FmHA" wherever they occur and adding "Form RD" in their
place.
§ 1962.42 [Amended]

362.Amend § 1962.42 by:

a. In paragraphs (b)(2) and (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354";

b. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "by FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by Rural Development" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 employee" and adding "Rural Development employee" in its place;

d. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place, and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" wherever it occurs
and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraphs (c)(4)(ii) and (c)(6)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "RD" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraphs (c)(5)(i) introductory text, (c)(5)(i)(A), (c)(5)(i)(B), and
(c)(5)(ii);

ii. Paragraph (c)(6)(ii) introductory text;

iii. Paragraph (c)(6)(ii)(A); and

iv. Paragraph (c)(7);

g. In paragraph (c)(8):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "and Rural Development" in its place; and

h. In paragraph (d), removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.45 [Amended]

363.Amend § 1962.45 by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and by removing "by FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by Rural Development" in
its place.
§ 1962.49 [Amended]

364.Amend § 1962.49 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. The introductory text;

ii. Paragraphs (b)(1)(v), (b)(2)(i), and (b)(2)(ii);

iii. Paragraphs (b)(3) introductory text and (b)(3)(i) through (b)(3)(iv);

iv. Paragraph (c) introductory text; and

v. Paragraphs (e)(2) introductory text, (e)(2)(i), and (e)(3) introductory text;

b. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 staff" and
adding "Rural Development staff" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "interests of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "interests of Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(1)(vi), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

f. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place and removing "wh=n
applicable" and adding "when applicable" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(3)(i):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 455-1" and
adding "RD 455-1" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 455-2" and
adding "RD 455-2" in its place;

iii. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employee"
and adding "Rural Development employee" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employees"
and adding "Rural Development employees" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (c)(3)(ii) introductory text and (e)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (c)(3)(ii)(A), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and
removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"by Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (c)(3)(ii)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

k. In paragraph (d), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 field office" wherever it occurs and
adding "Rural Development field office" in its place;

l. In paragraph (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 1951-9, Annual "Statement of Loan Account," and adding
"RD 1951-9, "Annual Statement of Loan Account," in its place; and

m. In paragraph (e)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 field office" wherever it occurs and
adding "Rural Development field office" in its place.
PART 1980--GENERAL Back to Top

365.The authority citation for part 1980 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart E also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1932(a).
Subpart E--Business and Industrial Loan Program Back to Top
§ 1980.401 [Amended]

366.Amend § 1980.401(d) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.

367.Revise § 1980.405 to read as follows:
§ 1980.405 Rural areas.

The business financed with a B&I loan must be located in a rural area. Loans to
borrowers with facilities located in both rural and non-rural areas will be
limited to the amount necessary to finance the facility located in the eligible
rural area. Cooperatives that are headquartered in a non-rural area may be
eligible for a B&I loan if the loan is used for a project or venture that is
located in a rural area. Rural areas are any areas other than a city or town
that has a population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants; and the urbanized area
contiguous and adjacent to such a city or town, as defined by the U.S. Bureau of
the Census. For the purpose of this section:

(a) The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census of
the United States (decennial Census). If the applicable population figure cannot
be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the
applicable population figure based on available population data; and

(b) An urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in the most
recent decennial Census or other Agency-accepted data source if not defined in
the most recent decennial Census.
§ 1980.411 [Amended]

368.Amend § 1980.411 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(7) and (a)(11) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(12):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "to Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (a)(13), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.412 [Amended]

369.Amend § 1980.412 by removing in the Administrative text at the end of the
section "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354".
§ 1980.413 [Amended]

370.Amend § 1980.413(a) introductory text by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place.
§ 1980.414 [Amended]

371.Amend § 1980.414 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "to FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "to
Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.419 [Amended]

372.Amend § 1980.419 by removing from paragraph C. of the Admnistrative text
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 National Office" and
adding "Rural Development National Office" in its place and by removing "Form
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in
its place.
§ 1980.420 [Amended]

373.Amend § 1980.420 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 informs" and
adding "Rural Development informs" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines"
and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place.
§ 1980.423 [Amended]

374.Amend § 1980.423 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text and (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development review" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 conditional Commitment For Guarantee," and adding "Form RD 449-14,
"Conditional Commitment for Guarantee," in its place and removing "Form FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-14" and adding "Form RD
449-14" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (a)(5), (a)(6) introductory text, and (b)(1), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "
Rural Development review" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

e. In the Administrative text at the end of the section, removing "Form FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Rural Development loan" in its place.
§ 1980.424 [Amended]

375.Amend § 1980.424 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b) and (c), removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In the Administrative text at the end of the section, in its introductory
text and paragraphs A.3 and 5, B.2 and 4, and C, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place.
§§ 1980.432 and 1980.433 [Amended]

376.Amend §§ 1980.432 and 1980.433 by removing in the Administrative text at the
end of the sections "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1980.434 [Amended]

377.Amend § 1980.434 by removing in the Administrative text at the end of the
section "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Official" and
adding "Rural Development official" in its place.
§ 1980.442 [Amended]

378.Amend § 1980.442 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "and Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.443 [Amended]

379.Amend § 1980.443 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. In paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(4)(i) introductory text, (a)(4)(i)(A)(4),
(a)(4)(i)(B), (a)(4)(i)(C), and (a)(4)(ii); and

ii. In paragraphs (b)(1), (b)(2) introductory text, (b)(2)(i), (b)(5), (b)(6),
and (b)(7)(iii); and

b. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" from
paragraph A introductory text and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 at its" from
paragraph A.3 and adding "Rural Development at its" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official"
from paragraph A.3 and adding "Rural Development official" in its place.
§ 1980.444 [Amended]

380.Amend § 1980.444(b) and (e) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.451 [Amended]

381.Amend § 1980.451 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "desiring FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 assistance" and adding "desiring assistance" in its place;
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "between Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iv. Removing "SBA and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "the Small Business Administration and the U.S. Department of Agriculture
Rural Development (Business and Industrial Loans)" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (d) introductory text, (d)(1), (d)(3) introductory text,
(d)(3)(iii) introductory text, and (d)(3)(iv)(A), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d)(3)(v):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354-assisted" and
adding "Rural Development-assisted" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loans" and
adding "Rural Development loans" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 funds" and
adding "Rural Development funds" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will
consider" and adding "Rural Development will consider" in its place;

f. Revising paragraph (d)(3)(vi);

g. In paragraph (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

h. In paragraph (f)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (f)(3):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-4"
wherever it occurs and adding "RD 449-4" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "result in FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "result in Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place, and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "
Rural Development's" in its place;

k. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will submit Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
449-22" and adding "Rural Development will submit Form RD 449-22" in its place;

l. In paragraphs (i)(1), (i)(2), (i)(3), and (i)(10), removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

m. In paragraphs (i)(7), (i)(9), (i)(13)(viii), (i)(13)(x), and (i)(15),
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "
Rural Development" in its place;

n. In paragraph (i)(13) introductory text, removing "FmHA" wherever it occurs
and adding "RD" in its place;

o. In paragraph (i)(18)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 solicits" and adding "Rural Development solicits" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

p. In paragraph (i)(18)(ii):

i. Removing "If FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "If Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

q. In paragraph (i)(19), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

r. In paragraphs (j) and (k), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

s. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs A.3 through 5, A.6(a) through (c), and B.3(b)
and (c), and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 with" in
paragraphs A.3 and 4 and adding "Rural Development with" in its place;

iii. Removing "whom FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph A.4 and adding "whom Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs A.5 and B.5 and adding "RD Instruction" in its
place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-4" in
paragraph A.6(c) and the note to paragraph A.6 and adding "RD 449-4" in its
place;

vi. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
the note to paragraph A.6 and adding "Forms RD" in its place;

vii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
449-29, "Project Summary--Business Industrial Loan Division," in paragraph
B.3.(b) and adding "A Project Summary" in its place;

viii. Removing "Copy of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
in paragraph B.3.(d) and adding "Copy of Rural Development" in its place;

ix. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" in
paragraph B.5 and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

x. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employees" in
paragraph B.5 and adding "Rural Development employees" in its place;

xi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" in
paragraph B.5 and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

xii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 position"
in paragraph B.5 and adding "Rural Development position" in its place;

xiii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 urges" in
paragraph B.6 and adding "Rural Development urges" in its place;

xiv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 audit" in
paragraph B.6 and adding "Rural Development audit" in its place;

xv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs in the Description of Record or Form Number and Title table at the end of
the Administrative text section and adding "RD" in its place; and

xvi. Removing "449-29" in the Description of Record or Form Number and Title
table at the end of the Administrative text section and adding "449-29
(obsolete)" in its place.

The revision reads as follows:
§ 1980.451 Filing and processing applications.

* * * * *

(d) * * *

(3) * * *

(vi) Indexation. When current annual data are not available to determine a
State's nonmetropolitan household income for purposes of the calculations
described in paragraph (d)(3)(iii) of this section, indexation of census data is
necessary. The State Director will use the figure from the 5-year data from the
American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data,
increased by a factor representing the increase since the year of that census in
the Consumer Price Index ("CPI-U"). That factor shall be furnished annually by
the National Office, Rural Development.

* * * * *
§ 1980.452 [Amended]

382.Amend § 1980.452 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 evaluation"
from the section heading and adding "Rural Development evaluation" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will"
wherever it occurs in the introductory text and adding "Rural Development will"
in its place;

c. Removing "If FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs in the introductory text and adding "If Rural Development" in its
place;

d. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in the introductory text and adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" in the
introductory text, and adding "Rural Development State" in its place; and

f. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" in
paragraph D. introductory text, and adding "a Rural Development State" in its
place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs D. introductory text, D.6 introductory text,
D.6.a, b, and d, and d.7, and adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employees"
in paragraph D. introductory text and adding "Rural Development employees" in
its place;

iv. Removing "non-FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D.2 and adding "non-Rural Development" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
in paragraphs D.2 and D.6.d and e, and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" in
paragraphs D.2 and D.6.d and e, and "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in their place;

vii. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State"
in paragraphs D. introductory text and D.3 and adding "the Rural Development
State" in its place;

viii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 programs"
wherever it occurs in paragraph D.3 and adding "Rural Development programs" in
its place;

ix. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 as a" in
paragraph D.3 and adding "Rural Development as a" in its place;

x. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 case" in
paragraph D.6 introductory text and adding "Rural Development case" in its
place; and

xi. Removing "Legislative Affairs and Public Information staff in the National
Office" in paragraph D.6.d and adding "Legislative and Public Affairs Staff in
the Rural Development National Office" in its place.
§ 1980.453 [Amended]

383.Amend § 1980.453 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place; and

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-29"
and adding "the Project Summary" in its place; and

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "2. A copy of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 State Loan Review Board Minutes" and adding "3. A copy of Rural
Development State Loan Review Board Minutes" in its place.
§ 1980.454 [Amended]

384.Amend § 1980.454 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "provide FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "provide Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "approved by Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "approved by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 National Office" and adding "approved by the National Office" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"intent of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"intent of Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (e) and (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

e. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "Inspection Reports" in paragraph A.2 and adding "Inspection
Report" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
in paragraph C. and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place; and

iv. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph F. and adding "by Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.469 [Amended]

385.Amend § 1980.469 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 of" and adding "Rural Development (RD) of" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(1), (c) introductory text, and (c)(1), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place; and

c. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" in the introductory text and
adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any RD office)" in its place;

ii. Removing "which FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph B.1 and adding "which Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph B.1 and adding "approved by Rural Development" in its
place;

iv. Removing "the time FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs B.2 and C.4 and adding "the time Rural
Development" in its place;

v. Removing "occurs FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph B.2 and adding "occurs Rural Development" in its place;

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
in paragraph B.3 and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

vii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" in
paragraph B.3 and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

viii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 staff" in
paragraph B.3 and adding "Rural Development staff" in its place;

ix. Removing "If FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraphs B.3 and 5 and adding "If Rural Development" in its place;

x. Removing "claim to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs B.3 and 4 and adding "claim to Rural
Development" in its place;

xi. Removing "guaranteed by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph B.3 and adding "guaranteed by Rural Development" in its
place;

xii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 was
deceived" in paragraph B.6 and adding "Rural Development was deceived" in its
place;

xiii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 could
then" in paragraph B.7 and adding "Rural Development could then" in its place;

xiv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
in paragraph C.2 and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place;

xv. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraphs C.3.(d) and C.4 and adding "Form RD" in its place;

xvi. Removing "noted by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
in paragraph C.4 and adding "noted by Rural Development" in its place;

xvii. Removing "statements for FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph C.5 and adding "statements for Rural Development" in its
place;

xviii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 in turn"
in paragraph C.5 and adding "Rural Development in turn" in its place;

xix. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" in
paragraph C.5 and adding "Rural Development's" in its place; and

xx. Removing "borrower and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph C.6 and adding "borrower, and Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1980.470 [Amended]

386.Amend the Administrative text at the end of § 1980.470 by:

a. Removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" from the introductory text
and adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

b. Removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph A. and adding "by the Rural Development" in its place;

c. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph A. and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

d. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraphs B. and D. and adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. Removing "risks of the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
in paragraph B. and adding "risks of Rural Development" in its place;

f. Removing "the lender and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph B. and adding "the lender and Rural Development" in its
place;

g. Removing "when FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D. and adding "when Rural Development" in its place;

h. Removing "will FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 endorse"
in paragraph D. and adding "will Rural Development endorse" in its place; and

i. Removing "assist FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph F. and adding "assist Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.471 [Amended]

387.Amend § 1980.471 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart
(available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)"
and adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(1) and (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel" in
paragraph A. and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" in
paragraph B. and adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

iii. Removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph B. and adding "between Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 consider" in
paragraph B. and adding "Rural Development consider" in its place;

v. Removing "When FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
liquidates," in paragraph B. and adding "When Rural Development liquidates," in
its place;

vi. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs B. and E. and adding "Form RD" in its place;

vii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 is" in
paragraph D. and adding "Rural Development is" in its place;

viii. Removing "499-30" in paragraph E. and adding "449-30" in its place;

ix. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 to" in
paragraph F. and adding "by Rural Development to" in its place; and

x. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 guaranteed
loan" in paragraph F. and adding "Rural Development guaranteed loan" in its
place.
§ 1980.472 [Amended]

388.Amend § 1980.472 by removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available
in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" and adding
"Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property Management
Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place.
§ 1980.473 [Amended]

389.Amend § 1980.473 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1980.475 [Amended]

390.Amend § 1980.475 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's opinion, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Rural Development's opinion, Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" in the introductory text and
adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

ii. Removing "that FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph A. and adding "that Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "advising FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
in paragraph F. and adding "advising Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 servicing"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs F. and H. and adding "Rural Development
servicing" in its place; and

v. Removing "actions FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph H. and adding "actions Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.476 [Amended]

391.Amend § 1980.476 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "
Rural Development" in its place wherever it occurs in the following places:

i. Paragraph (a);

i. Paragraphs (e) introductory text, (e)(1), (e)(2), (g)(2)(i), and (g)(2)(iii);

ii. Paragraph (h);

iii. Paragraph (i);

iv. Paragraph (j);

v. Paragraph (l);

vi. Paragraph (m) introductory text; and

vii. Paragraph (n);

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (p), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"Form 449-30" and adding "Form RD 449-30" in its place; and

d. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" and adding "Refer to RD
Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property Management Guide
(available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 file" in
paragraph B. and adding "Rural Development file" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph B. wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1980.481 [Amended]

392.Amend § 1980.481 introductory text by removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place.
§ 1980.488 [Amended]

393.Amend § 1980.488(a) and (b), and the administrative text at the end of the
section by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.490 [Amended]

394.Amend § 1980.490 by:

a. In paragraphs (d)(1) through (d)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

b. In paragraph (f)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (f)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-29"
and adding "the Project Summary" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (f)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development will" in its
place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
1980-48" and adding "Form 1980-48" in its place;

e. In paragraph (f)(4):

i. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
1980-23, "Request for Business and Industry Interest Buydown Payment," and
adding "Form RD 1980-24, "Request Interest Assistance/Interest Rate Buydown
Subsidy Payment to Guaranteed Loan Lender," in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 servicing
office" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development servicing office" in
its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations"
and adding "Rural Development regulations" in its place; and

v. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1980-48"
and adding "Form 1980-48" in its place;

f. In paragraph (g), removing "When FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "When Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1980-23" and adding "Form
RD 1980-24" in its place;

g. In paragraphs (n) introductory text, (n)(4), and (n)(5), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (p)(4) introductory text and (p)(5)(iii), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

i. In paragraph (p)(4)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 1980-25, "Farmer Programs Applications," or FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-1" and adding "Form RD 449-1" in
its place.

395.Revise § 1980.495 to read as follows:
§ 1980.495 RD forms and guides.

The following RD forms and guides, as applicable, are used in connection with
processing B&I, D&D, and DARBE loan guarantees; they are incorporated in this
subpart and made a part hereof:

(a) Form RD 449-1. "Application for Loan and Guarantee" is referred to as
"Appendix A," or successor form,

(b) The "Certificate of Incumbency and Signature" or successor form,

(c) "Guidelines for Loan Guarantees for Alcohol Fuel Production Facilities" is
referred to as "Appendix C."

(d) "Alcohol Production Facilities Planning, Performing, Development and Project
Control" is referred to as "Appendix D."

(e) "Environmental Assessment Guidelines" is referred to as "Appendix E."

(f) Form RD 449-14, "Conditional Commitment for Guarantee," or successor form.

(g) "Liquidation and Property Management Guide" as found in RD Instruction
1980-E Appendix G.

(h) "Suggested Format for the Opinion of the Lender's Legal Counsel" is referred
to as "Appendix H."

(i) "Instructions for Loan Guarantees for Drought and Disaster Relief" and Forms
RD 1980-68, "Lender's Agreement--Drought and Disaster Guaranteed Loans,"
1980-69, "Loan Note Guarantee--Drought and Disaster Guaranteed Loans," and
1980-70, "Assignment Guarantee Agreement--Drought and Disaster Guaranteed
Loans," or their successor forms.

(j) [Reserved]

(k) "Regulations for Loan Guarantees for Disaster Assistance for Rural Business
Enterprises" and Forms RD 1980-71, "Lender's Agreement--Disaster Assistance for
Rural Business Enterprises Guaranteed Loans," 1980-72 "Loan Note
Guarantee--Disaster Assistance for Rural Business Enterprises Guaranteed Loans,"
and 1980-73 "Assignment Guarantee Agreement--Disaster Assistance for Rural
Business Enterprises Guaranteed Loans" or their successor forms.
§ 1980.497 [Amended]

396.Amend § 1980.497 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart
(available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)"
and adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a), (b) introductory text, (c), and (d)(1), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "
Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (b)(2) introductory text and (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in
its place;

d. In paragraphs (d)(2) and (d)(7) through (d)(9), removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;
and

e. In paragraph (f):

i. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "BENEFIT OF FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "benefit of RURAL DEVELOPMENT" in its place; and

iii. Removing "UNDER FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "UNDER RURAL DEVELOPMENT" in its place.
§ 1980.498 [Amended]

397.Amend § 1980.498 by:

a. In paragraphs (k) introductory text, (k)(4), and (k)(5), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (m)(5) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (m)(5)(iii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 410-1, "Application for FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 Services," or Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 449-1" and adding "Form RD 449-1" in its place.
Appendices A and B to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Removed and Reserved] Back to Top

398.Appendices A and B to Subpart E of Part 1980 are removed and reserved.
Appendix D to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended] Back to Top

399.Amend Appendix D to Subpart E of Part 1980 by removing:

a. "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354)" in paragraph
(I)(B) and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs in
paragraphs (I)(B)(2)(a), (II)(A)(2)(g)(ii), (III)(A)(2), (III)(E) introductory
text, (III)(E)(2), (III)(G), (IV)(A), and (IV)(B)(1) and adding "Rural
Development" in its place; and

c. "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in paragraph
(IV)(B)(3) and adding "Form RD" in its place.
Appendix E to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended] Back to Top

400.Amend Appendix E to Subpart E of Part 1980 by removing:

a. "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's position" in
paragraph (I) and adding "Rural Development's position" in its place;

b. "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 action" in
paragraph (II) and adding "a Rural Development action" in its place; and

c. "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 action" wherever
it occurs in paragraph (II) and adding "the Rural Development action" in its
place;

d. "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 project" in paragraph
(IV)(2) and adding "Rural Development project" in its place;

e. "or FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in paragraph
(XIII) and adding "or Rural Development" in its place; and

f. "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in paragraph
(XVII) and adding "by Rural Development" in its place.
Appendix F to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Removed and Reserved] Back to Top

401.Appendix F to subpart E of Part 1980 is removed and reserved.

402.Amend Appendix I to Subpart E of Part 1980 by:

a. Removing ", and appear in the Federal Register following the body of this
appendix as Exhibits A, B, and C in the following order" in paragraph A.
introductory text;

b. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraphs X.D and X.F and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. Removing "will be used" in paragraphs A.(1) through (3), IV., and E.1 and 2,
and adding "or successor form will be used" in its place;

d. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will not" in
paragraph D. introductory text, and adding "Rural Development will not" in its
place;

e. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D.(2) and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

f. Removing "are FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph J. and adding "are Rural Development" in its place;

g. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" in
paragraph J. and adding "Rural Development has" in its place; and

h. Removing Exhibits A through C.
Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended] Back to Top

403.Amend Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980 by:

a. Removing ", and appear in the Federal Register following the body of this
appendix as exhibits A, B, and C in the following order" in the introductory
text;

b. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs A.(1) through (3) and G. and adding "Form RD"
in its place;

c. Removing "will be used" in paragraphs A.(1) thorugh (3) and adding "or
successor form will be used" in its place;

d. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 insruction" wherever
they occur in paragraphs B. through F., H., J., and K. and adding "RD
Instruction" in their place;

e. Removing "other FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354-type
farm loan" in paragraph C. and adding "other Rural Development-type farm loan"
in its place;

f. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" in
paragraph D. and adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

g. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D. and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

h. Removing "will FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D. and adding "will Rural Development" in its place;

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" in
paragraph F. and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

j. Removing "Guarantee DARBE," issued on" in paragraph G. and adding "Guarantee
DARBE, " (or successor form) issued on" in its place;

k. Removing "are FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph J. and adding "are Rural Development" in its place;

l. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 guaranteed
loans" in paragraph J. and adding "Rural Development guaranteed loans" in its
place;

m. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "Rural Development has" in paragraph J. in its place; and

n. Removing Exhibits A through C.
Exhibit G to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended] Back to Top

404.Amend the Note to Exhibit G to Subpart E of Part 1980 by removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place.
CHAPTER XXXV--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Back to Top
PART 3550--DIRECT SINGLE FAMILY HOUSING LOANS AND GRANTS Back to Top

405.The authority citation for part 3550 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart C--Section 504 Origination and Section 306C Water and Waste Disposal
Grants Back to Top
§ 3550.103 [Amended]

406.Amend § 3550.103(g) by removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its place.

407.In § 3550.116, revise paragraph (c) to read as follows:
§ 3550.116 Definitions applicable to WWD grants only.

* * * * *

(c) Rural areas. Includes unincorporated areas and any city or town with a
population not in excess of 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is
obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data.

* * * * *
PART 3560--DIRECT MULTI-FAMILY HOUSING LOANS AND GRANTS Back to Top

408.The authority citation for part 3560 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--General Provisions and Definitions Back to Top
§ 3560.11 [Amended]

409.In § 3560.11, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 3560.11 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area. An area classified as a rural area prior to October 1, 1990, (even
if within a Metropolitan Statistical Area), and any area deemed to be a `rural
area' under any other provision of law at any time during the period beginning
January 1, 2000, and ending December 31, 2010, shall continue to be so
classified until the receipt of data from the decennial census in the year 2020
if such area has a population exceeding 10,000, but not in excess of 35,000, is
rural in character, and has a serious lack of mortgage credit for low- and
moderate-income families.

* * * * *
Subpart B--Direct Loan and Grant Origination Back to Top
§ 3560.57 [Amended]

410.Amend § 3560.57(c) by removing "most recent census data, or" and adding
"most recent decennial Census of the United States, or" in its place.
PART 3570--COMMUNITY PROGRAMS Back to Top

411.The authority citation for part 3570 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.

412.Revise § 3570.51(h) to read as follows:
§ 3570.51 General.

* * * * *

(h) The income data used to determine median household income must be that which
accurately reflects the income of the population to be served by the proposed
facility. The median household income of the service area and the
nonmetropolitan median household income for the State will be determined using
5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other
Census Bureau data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census
Bureau data does not accurately represent the median household income within the
area to be served, this will be documented and the applicant may furnish, or RD
may obtain, additional information regarding such median household income data.
Information must consist of reliable data from local, regional, State, or
Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source.

* * * * *

413.In § 3570.53, revise the definition of "Rural and rural area" to read as
follows:
§ 3570.53 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural and rural area. For fiscal year 1999, the terms "rural" and "rural area"
include a city or town with a population of 20,000 or less inhabitants. There is
no limitation placed on population in open rural areas. After fiscal year 1999,
the terms "rural" and "rural area" include a city, town, or unincorporated area
that has a population of 50,000 inhabitants or less, other than an urbanized
area immediately adjacent to a city, town, or unincorporated area that has a
population in excess of 50,000 inhabitants. The population figures are obtained
from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census).
If the applicable population figures cannot be obtained from the most recent
decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figures based on
available population data.

* * * * *
PART 3575--GENERAL Back to Top

414.The authority citation for part 3575 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301, 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--Community Programs Guaranteed Loans Back to Top

415.In § 3575.2, revise the definition of "Rural and rural area" to read as
follows:
§ 3575.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural and rural area. The terms "rural" and "rural area" mean a city, town, or
unincorporated area that has a population of 50,000 inhabitants or less, other
than an urbanized area immediately adjacent to a city, town, or unincorporated
area that has a population in excess of 50,000 inhabitants. The population
figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States
(decennial Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from
the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population
figure based on available population data.

* * * * *
CHAPTER XLII--RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE AND RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE,
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Back to Top
PART 4274--DIRECT AND INSURED LOANMAKING Back to Top

416.The authority citation for part 4274 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932 note; 7 U.S.C. 1989.

417.In § 4274.302(a), remove the defintion of "Rural or rural area" and add the
definition of "Rural area" in alphabetical order to read as follows:
§ 4274.302 Definitions and abbreviations.

(a) * * *

Rural area. All territory of a State that is not within the outer boundary of
any city having a population of 25,000 or more. The population figure is
obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data.

* * * * *

418.In § 4274.344, revise paragraphs (c)(2) introductory text and (c)(2)(vi)
introductory text to read as follows:
§ 4274.344 Filing and processing applications for loans.

* * * * *

(c) * * *

(2) Employment. For computations under this paragraph, income data should be
5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other
Census Bureau data, updated according to changes in the consumer price index. If
there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does not
accurately represent the median household income of the service area, the
reasons will be documented and the borrower may furnish, or RD may obtain,
additional information regarding such median household income data. Information
must consist of reliable data from local, regional, State or Federal sources or
from a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source. The poverty line used
will be as defined in section 673 (2) of the Community Services Block Grant Act
(42 U.S.C. 9902(2)). Unemployment data used will be that published by the Bureau
of Labor Statistics, U.S. Department of Labor.

* * * * *

(vi) The population of the service area according to the most recent decennial
Census was lower than that recorded by the previous decennial Census (or as
equivalently determined using another data source if the other data source was
used in determining whether the area was rural) by the following percentage:

* * * * *
PART 4279--GUARANTEED LOANMAKING Back to Top

419.The authority citation for part 4279 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932(a); and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--General Back to Top

420.In § 4279.2, revise the definition of "Poor" to read as follows:
§ 4279.2 Definitions and abbreviations.

* * * * *

Poor. A community or area is considered poor if either the county, city, or
census tract where the community or area is located has a median household
income at or below the poverty line for a family of four; has a median household
income below the nonmetropolitan median household income for the State; or has a
population of which 25 percent or more have income at or below the poverty line.
The determination of "poor" will be based on 5-year data from the American
Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. If there is
reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does not accurately
represent the median household income of the community or area, the reasons will
be documented and the borrower may furnish, or RD may obtain, additional
information regarding such median household income data. Information must
consist of reliable data from local, regional, State or Federal sources or from
a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source.

* * * * *
PART 4280--LOANS AND GRANTS Back to Top

421.The authority citation for part 4280 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 904c; 7 U.S.C. 8107.
Subpart A--Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program Back to Top

422.In § 4280.3, remove the definition of "Rural area" and add the definition of
"Rural or rural area" in alphabetical order to read as follows:
§ 4280.3 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural or rural area. See 7 U.S.C. 1991(a)(13)(A) and (D) et seq.

* * * * *

423.Revise § 4280.42(b)(7) to read as follows:
§ 4280.42 Application evaluation and selection.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(7) Decline in population for the county where the Project is physically
located. If there has been a decline in population in the county where the
Project will be located over the time period covered by the two most recent
decennial Censuses to the present (or equivalent time frame if using a data
source other than the decennial Census), Rural Development will award 10 points.

* * * * *
Subpart B--Rural Energy for America Program General Back to Top
§ 4280.103 [Amended]

424.Amend § 4280.103 by removing "the latest decennial census" in the
introductory text to the definition of "Rural or rural area" and adding "the
most recent decennial Census" in its place.
Subpart D--Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program Back to Top

425.In § 4280.302(a), revise the first sentence of the definition of "Rural or
rural area" to read as follows:
4280.302 Definitions and abbreviations.

(a) * * *

Rural or rural area. Any area of a State not in a city or town that has a
population of more than 50,000 inhabitants, according to the most recent
decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census), and the contiguous and
adjacent urbanized area, and any area that has been determined to be "rural in
character" by the Under Secretary for Rural Development, or as otherwise
identified in this definition.

* * *

* * * * *
§ 4280.316 [Amended]

426.Amend § 4280.316(b)(1)(v) by removing "the latest applicable decennial
census" and adding "the most recent decennial Census" in its place.
PART 4284--GRANTS Back to Top

427.The authority citation for part 4284 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart F also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1932(e).

Subpart G also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(11).

Subpart J also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1621 note.

Subpart K also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1621 note.
Subpart A--General Requirements for Cooperative Service Grant Programs Back to
Top
§ 4284.3 [Amended]

428.Amend § 4284.3 by removing "the latest decennial census" in the definition
of "rural and rural area" and adding "the most recent decennial Census" in its
place.
Subpart G--Rural Business Opportunity Grants Back to Top

429.In § 4284.603, revise the definitions of "long-term" and "rural and rural
area" to read as follows:
§ 4284.603 Definitions.

* * * * *

Long-term. The period of time covered by the three most recent decennial
Censuses of the United States to the present.

* * * * *

Rural and rural area. Any area other than a city or town that has a population
of greater than 50,000 inhabitants including the urbanized area contiguous and
adjacent to such a city or town. The population figure used must be in
accordance with the most recent decennial Census of the United States.

* * * * *
PART 4288--PAYMENT PROGRAMS Back to Top

430.The authority citation for part 4288 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--Repowering Assistance Payments to Eligible Biorefineries Back to Top
§ 4288.2 [Amended]

431.Amend § 4288.2 by removing "the latest decennial census" in the introductory
text of the definition of "Rural or rural area" and adding "the most recent
decennial Census" in its place.
PART 4290--RURAL BUSINESS INVESTMENT COMPANY ("RBIC") PROGRAM Back to Top

432.The authority citation for part 4290 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1989 and 209cc et seq.
Subpart B--Definition of Terms Used in Part 4290 Back to Top

433.In § 4290.50, revise the introductory text of the definition of "Rural Area"
and revise the definition of "Urban Area" to read as follows:
§ 4290.50 Definition of terms.

* * * * *

Rural Area means any area of a State not in a city or town that has a population
of more than 50,000 inhabitants, according to the most recent decennial Census
of the United States (decennial Census), or in the urbanized area contiguous and
adjacent to a city or town that has a population of more than 50,000
inhabitants, and any area that has been determined to be "rural in character" by
the Under Secretary for Rural Development, or as otherwise identified in this
definition.

* * * * *

Urban Area means an area containing a city (or its equivalent), or any
equivalent geographic area determined by the Census Bureau and adopted by the
Secretary for purposes of this definition (about which the Secretary will
publish a document in the Federal Register from time to time), which had a
population of over 150,000 in the most recent decennial Census and the urbanized
areas containing or adjacent to that city, both as determined by the Bureau of
the Census for the most recent decennial Census.

* * * * *
end regulatory text

Dated: January 15, 2015.

Lisa Mensah,

Under Secretary, Rural Development.

Dated: January 23, 2015.

Michael Scuse,

Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 28, 2015 Saturday

Rural Development: FmHA and Census References

LENGTH: 59924  words


Washington, D.C.: This Rule document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)

Action

Direct final rule.
Summary

Rural Development (RD) is amending its regulations by updating references to the
Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) and clarifying and updating references to the
census data. These actions will provide consistency in terminology between
program regulations. In addition, clarifying and updating references to census
data is needed to account for changes to the decennial Census, which, starting
with the 2010 decennial Census is no longer reporting income and unemployment
data. Additional revisions are being implemented to show the regulations that do
not apply to the Farm Service Agency (FSA) and to remove outdated or unnecessary
language.
Dates

This rule will become effective April 27, 2015 without further action unless the
Agency receives significant written adverse comments or written notices of
intent to submit adverse comments on or before March 26, 2015. If the Agency
receives significant adverse comments or notices, the Agency will publish a
timely notice in theFederal Registerwithdrawing those provisions on which
adverse comment were received.
Addresses

You may submit adverse comments or notice of intent to submit adverse comments
to this rule by any of the following methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the instructions
for submitting comments.
    Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service to the Branch
Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0742.

    Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal Express Mail, or
other courier service requiring a street address, to the Branch Chief,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 300
7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Washington, DC 20024.

All written comments will be available for public inspection during regular work
hours at the 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor address listed above.
For Further Information Contact

Kenneth Meardon, Policy Advisor, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, STOP 3201, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,
DC 20250-3225; email: ken.meardon@wdc.usda.gov; telephone (202) 260-8296.
Supplementary Information
Classification

This rule has been determined to be not significant for purposes of Executive
Order 12866 and has not been reviewed by the Office of Management and Budget.
Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance

RD's programs affected by this rulemaking are shown in the Catalog of Federal
Domestic Assistance (CFDA) with numbers as indicated:

10.350--Technical Assistance to Cooperatives

10.352--Value-Added Producer Grants (4284)

10.405--Farm Labor Housing Loans and Grants (3560)

10.410--Very Low to Moderate Income Housing Loans (Section 502 Rural Housing
Loans) (3550)

10.415--Rural Rental Housing Loans

10.420--Rural Self-Help Technical Assistance

10.427--Rural Rental Assistance Payments (3560)

10.433--Rural Housing Preservation Grants

10.438--Rural Rental Housing Program--Guaranteed Loans

10.441--Technical and Supervisory Assistance Grants

10.448--Rural Housing Service Multi-Family Housing Rural Housing Voucher
Demonstration Program (3560)

10.759--Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households
Program (SEARCH) (1774)

10.760--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities (1779, 1780)

10.761--Technical Assistance and Training Grants (1775)

10.762--Solid Waste Management Grants (1775)

10.763--Emergency Community Water Assistance Grants (1778)

10.766--Community Facilities Loans and Grants (3570, 3575)

10.767--Intermediary Relending Program (4274)

10.768--Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program (4279)

10.769--Rural Business Enterprise Grant Program

10.770--Water and Waste Disposal Loans and Grants (Section 306C) (1777)

10.771--Rural Cooperative Development Grants

10.773--Rural Business Opportunity Grant Program

10.781--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities--ARRA (1780)

10.782--Appropriate Technology Transfer for Rural Areas (4284)

10.850--Rural Electrification Loans and Loan Guarantees (1714)

10.851--Rural Telephone Loans and Loan Guarantees (1735)

10.854--Rural Economic Development Loans and Grants (4280)

10.857--State Bulk Fuel Revolving Fund Grants

10.858--RUS Denali Commission Grants and Loans

10.859--Assistance to High Energy Cost--Rural Communities (1709)

10.860--Rural Business Investment Program (4290)

10.861--Public Television Station Digital Transition Grant Program (1740)

10.862--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities (1776)

10.863--Community Connect Grant Program (1739)

10-864--Grant Program to Estabish a Fund for Financing Water and Wastewater
Projects (1783)

10.865--Biorefinery Assistance (4279)

10.866--Repowering Assistance Program (4288)

10.867--Bioenergy Program for Advanced Biofuels (4288)

10.868--Rural Energy for America Program (4280)

10.870--Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program

10.871--Small Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grants (4284)

10.886--Rural Broadband Access Loans and Loan Guarantees (1738)

All active CFDA programs can be found at www.cfda.gov under "Department of
Agriculture, RuralDevelopment." Programs not listed in this section or not
listed on the CFDA Web site but are still being serviced by RD will nevertheless
be covered by the requirements of this action.
Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs

This action is not subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372, which
requires intergovernmental consultation with State and local officials.
Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform.
RD has determined that this rule meets the applicable standards provided in
section 3 of the Executive Order. Additionally, (1) all state and local laws and
regulations that are in conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2) no
retroactive effect will be given to the rule; and (3) administrative appeal
procedures, if any, must be exhausted before litigation against the Department
or its agencies may be initiated, in accordance with the regulations of the
National Appeals Division of USDA at 7 CFR part 11.
Environmental Impact Statement

This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." RD has determined that this action does not constitute
a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the human
environment and, in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA)
of 1969, 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact Statement is not
required.
Unfunded Mandates Reform Act

This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory provisions of Title
II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995) for State, local, and Tribal
governments or the private sector. Thus, this rule is not subject to the
requirements of sections 202 and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of
1995.
Regulatory Flexibility Act

Under section 605(b) of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C. 605(b), RD
certifies that this rule will not have a significant economic impact on a
substantial number of small entities because the action will not affect a
significant number of small entities as defined by the Regulatory Flexibility
Act (5 U.S.C. 501). RBS made this determination based on the fact that this
action only impacts internal Agency procedures for determining how much of
available program funds are allocated to each state. Small entities will not be
impacted to a greater extent than large entities.
Executive Order 13132, Federalism

The policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial direct effect on
states, on the relationship between the national government and the states, or
on the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on
state and local governments. Therefore, consultation with states is not
required.
Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments

This executive order imposes requirements on RD in the development of regulatory
policies that have Tribal implications or preempt tribal laws. RD has determined
that the rule does not, to our knowledge, have a substantial direct effect on
one or more Indian Tribe(s) or on either the relationship or the distribution of
powers and responsibilities between the Federal Government and Indian Tribes.
Thus, this rule is not subject to the requirements of Executive Order 13175. If
a Tribe determines that this rule has implications of which RD is not aware and
would like to engage with RD on this rule, please contact RD's Native American
Coordinator at (202) 690-1681 or AIAN@wdc.usda.gov
Paperwork Reduction Act

There are no reporting and recordkeeping requirements associated with this rule.

E-Government Act Compliance

RD is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to promote the use of
the Internet and other information technologies, to provide increased
opportunities for citizens to access Government information and services
electronically.
I. Background and Discussion

RD is amending numerous RD regulations in two broad areas--references to the
Farmners Home Administration and references to Bureau of Census data. For those
RD regulations affected by these two areas, RD is also making several additional
changes by updating the text with regard to applicability of the regulations to
the FSA; removing or updating outdated text, as applicable; and removing
unnecessary text.
II. Discussion of Changes
A. Farmers Home Administration (FmHA)

Many RD regulations still contain references to the Farmers Home Administration,
or FmHA, which was the predecessor agency to both RD and FSA.

FmHA references most frequently encountered in RD regulations are in reference
to forms, instructions, and addresses. RD is either removing references that are
no longer necessary or updating the FmHA references to reflect the appropriate
entity, as applicable. New references will be to RD, Agency, to the specific RD
agency (Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Rural Housing Service, Rural
Utilities Service), to the "government," or to the United States, depending on
the context of the regulation. Where necessary in individual RD regulations,
definitions have been changed or added to reflect the new reference(s).
B. Census References

Many RD regulations refer to census data as the source to be used for various
popluation-, income-, and unemployment-related data. RD is amending those
portions of its regulations that reference U.S. Bureau of Census (Census Bureau)
and its data primarily due to changes in the data being reported by the Census
Bureau in the decennial Census.

Other changes are being implemented to further consistency among RD programs in
referencing sources to be used for population-related data requirements and
provisions and to provide clarification of how provisions are implemented.
Finally, RD is removing outdated or unnecessary text.

The following paragraphs discuss these changes.

1. Census Bureau data. RD allocates the funding for a number of its programs
using formulas that rely on data supplied by the Census Bureau, frequently as
found in the decennial Census. Most RD regulations refer to this as "using the
latest census data available" or similar language.

Starting with the 2010 census, however, the Census Bureau no longer reports
income data in the decennial Census. Thus, RD needs to identify an alternative
source for income-related data.

After examining several alternative data sources, RD determined that income data
published by the Census Bureau in the American CommunitySurvey (ACS), as found
in the 5-year survey component of the ACS, provides the best source of data for
estimates of state-level income and poverty data, even though such are no longer
being published in the decennial Census. RD is also aware that the data
contained in the ACS may not meet the needs of a specific program and that the
ACS may at some point in the future be replaced or discontinued. For these
reasons, RD is using "5-year income data from the American Community Survey
(ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data" to indicate the source of the
data to be used.

In some instances, RD regulations refer to using other data sources for
income-related data if the ACS or Census Bureau data are outdated. RD is
retaining that concept where it currently exists, but modifying the language to
address the revision noted in the preceding paragraph.

2. Consistency and clarification. As described below, RD is making several
changes to create consistency between the RD programs.

a. Whenever a regulation is directing the use of the decennial Census as the
data source, RD is using "the most recent decennial Census of the United States
(decennial Census)" consistently throughout the RD regulations. This change
brings consistency among the three RD agencies and their regulations.

b. RD regulations apply not only to what most people understand as the 50 states
of the United States, but also to the U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, Guam,
American Samoa, the Marshall Islands, etc. The decennial Census does not report
population for most of these territories. Some, but not all, of the RD
regulations clearly identify how population data are to be obtained for these
other areas. To make this consistent, RD is revising text to make clear in all
its regulations the data sources to be used. Specifically, if the decennial
Census does not provide the applicable population information, then RD will
determine the applicable population data based on available population data.
C. FSA Related Changes

When they were operating as the Farmers Home Adminstration, RD and FSA shared
many regulations. With RD and FSA now separate entities, many of the regulations
in 7 CFR no longer apply to FSA. Some of these regulations have already been
identified as no longer being applicable to FSA. There are a few regulations,
however, that still need to be identified as no being applicable to FSA and RD
is adding text to that effect. The regulations are: 7 CFR 1900 subpart A, 7 CFR
1902 subpart A, and 7 CFR 1910 subpart B.
D. Outdated and/or Unnecessary Text in Those Parts and Subparts That Contain
Either Reference to Census Bureau or FmHA

Once RD identified those CFR parts that need updating with regard to references
to FmHA and the Census Bureau, RD also identified a number of other outdated or
unnecessary material, and thus is revising such material. In brief, these
changes:

Remove reference to Rand McNally and Company as an alternative source of
population data (7 CFR 1735.2, 7 CFR 1737.2);
    Remove references to a Federal Communications Commission Web site and to a
Census Tiger Map (7 CFR 1740.8(b)(1)(i) and (c)(1);
    Remove a series of Agency forms from 7 CFR 1980, Subpart E and their
conforming references. Specifically, RD will no longer publish in the CFR RD
forms identified as: (1) Appendix A, (2) Appendix B, (3) Appendix F, (4)
Exhibits A through C to Appendix I to Subpart E of Part 1980, and (5) Exhibits A
through C to Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980. The applicable forms will
continue to be available in RD offices and through RD's Web site;
    Remove reference to the year 2000 as it currently modifies "Census block" in
7 CFR 1709(b);
    Remove the first paragraph in the definition of Rural and rural area in 7
CFR 3575.1. This paragraph references Fiscal Year 1999 and is thus obsolete; and

    Update the reference to the Legislative Affairs and Public Information Staff
(LAPIS) with the Legislative and Public Affairs Staff (LAPAS) (7 CFR parts 1942,
1944, 1948, and 1980).

E. Other

For the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) program, RD is
modifying both the definition of Rural or rural area" (7 CFR 4280.3) and the
scoring criterion associated with the decline in population for the county where
the project is physically located (7 CFR 4280.42(b)(7)).

RD is modifying the definition of "Rural or rural area" for REDLG to make the
definition consistent with the definition for "rural or rural area" found in the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP), whose definition is more
comprehensive and consistent with other definitions with Rural
Business-Cooperative Service programs.

RD is modifying the identified scoring criterion by adding reference to making
the calculation using the an "equivalent time frame" in those instances where
data is used from a data source other than the decennial Census.
List of Subjects

Administrative practice and procedure, Electric utilities, Grant
programs--energy, Rural areas.

Electric power, Loan programs--energy, Rural areas.

Loan programs--communications, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural
areas, Telephone.

Loan programs--communications, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural
areas.

Broadband, Loan programs--communications, Rural areas, Telecommunications,
Telephone.

Broadband, Grant programs--Communications, Rural areas, Telecommunications,
Telephone.

Grant programs--Digital televisions; Communications, Rural areas, Television.

Community development, Grant programs, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements,
Rural areas, Waste treatment and disposal, Water supply.

Business and industry, Community development, Community facilities, Grant
programs--housing and community development, Reporting and recordkeeping
requirements, Rural areas, Waste treatment and disposal, Water supply,
Watersheds.

Agriculture, Community development, Community facilities, Credit, Grant
programs--housing and community development, Nonprofit organizations, Reporting
and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas, Waste treatment and disposal, Water
pollution control, Water resources, Water supply, Watersheds.

Community development, Community facilities, Grant programs--housing and
community development, Loan programs--housing and community development,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas, Waste treatment and
disposal, Water supply, Watersheds.

Community development, Community facilities, Grant programs--Housing and
Community development, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas,
Waste treatment and disposal, Water supply, Watersheds.

Loan programs--housing and community development, Rural areas, Waste treatment
and disposal, Water supply.

Community development, Community facilities, Grant programs--housing and
community development, Loan programs--housing and community development,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas, Waste treatment and
disposal, Water supply, Watersheds.

Community development, Community facilities, Loan programs--housing and
community development, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas,
Waste treatment and disposal, Water supply, Watersheds.

Business and industry, Community development, Community facilities, Grant
programs--housing and community development, Reporting and recordkeeping
requirements, Rural areas, Waste treatment and disposal, Water supply,
Watersheds.

Agriculture, Flood insurance, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing
and community development, Low and moderate income housing, Rural areas.

Agriculture, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--Housing and community
development, Low and moderate income housing, Rural areas.

Loan programs--Housing and community development, Low and moderate income
housing, Nonprofit organizations, Rural areas.

Administrative practice and procedure, Authority delegations (Government
agencies), Conflict of interests, Government employees, Grant
programs--agriculture, Grant programs--housing and community development, Loan
programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community development,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas.

Agriculture, Civil rights, Fair housing, Grant programs--agriculture, Grant
programs--housing and community development, Grant programs--Indians, Historic
preservation, Indians, Intergovernmental relations, Loan Programs--agriculture,
Loan programs--housing and community development, Marital status discrimination,
Minimum wages, Religious discrimination, Reporting and recordkeeping
requirements, Rural areas, Sex discrimination.

Accounting; Banks, banking; Grant programs--agriculture, Grant programs--housing
and community development; Loan programs--agriculture; Loan programs--housing
and community development, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements.

Agriculture, Credit, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and
community development, Low and moderate income housing, Reporting and
recordkeeping requirements.

Agriculture, Administrative practice and procedures, Claims, Credit, Grant
programs--housing and community development, Housing Standards, Loan
programs-agriculture, Low and moderate income housing, Manufactured homes,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas.

Agriculture, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community
development, Low and moderate income housing, Rural areas, Taxes.

Agriculture, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community
development, Low and moderate income housing, Rural areas.

Agriculture, Environmental protection, Flood plains, Grant
programs--agriculture, Grant programs-housing and community development, Loan
programs-agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community development, Low and
moderate income housing, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas,
Truth in lending.

Business and industry, Community facilities, Fire prevention, Grant
programs--business, Grant programs--housing and community development, Grant
programs--Indians, Indians, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs-housing
and community development, Loan programs--Indians, Loan programs--natural
resources, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas, Waste
treatment and disposal, Water supply, Watersheds.

Administrative practice and procedure, Aged, Cooperatives, Fair housing, Grant
programs--housing and community development, Home improvement, Individuals with
disabilities, Loan programs--housing and community development, Low and moderate
income housing, Manufactured homes, Migrant labor, Rent subsidies, Reporting
requirements, Rural areas.

Coal, Community facilities, Grant programs--housing and community development,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements,Rural areas, Uranium.

Accounting, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community
development, Military personnel, Rural areas.

Accounting, Claims, Community facilities, Credit, Disaster assistance,
Government employees, Grant programs--housing and community development,
Housing, Income taxes, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and
community development, Low and moderate income housing, Reporting and
recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas, Wages.

Agriculture, Drug traffic control, Government property, Loan
programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housingand community development, Low and
moderate income housing, Rural areas.

Accounting, Business and industry, Claims, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan
programs--housing and community development, Reporting and recordkeeping
requirements, Rural areas.

Loan programs--housing and community development, Low and moderate income
housing, Rural areas.

Agriculture, Bankruptcy, Drug traffic control, Government property, Loan
programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community development, Rural
areas.

Agriculture, Business and industry, Community facilities, Credit, Disaster
assistance, Livestock, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--business, Loan
programs--housing and community development, Low and moderate income housing,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas.

Administrative practice and procedure, Environmental impact statements, Fair
housing, Grant programs--housing and community development, Housing, Loan
programs--housing and community development, Low and moderate income housing,
Manufactured homes, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas.

Accounting, Administrative practice and procedure, Aged, Conflict of interests,
Government property management, Grant programs--Housing and community
development, Insurance, Loan programs--Agriculture, Loan programs--Housing and
community development, Low and moderate income housing, Migrant labor,
Mortgages, Nonprofit organizations, Public housing, Rent subsidies, Reporting
and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas.

Administrative practice and procedure, Fair Housing, Grant programs--housing and
community development, ousing, Low and moderate income housing, Reporting and
recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas.

Loan programs--agriculture.

Community development, Loan programs--business, Reporting and recordkeeping
requirements, Rural areas.

Loan programs--business, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas.

Loan programs--Business and industry, Economic development, Energy, Energy
efficiency improvements, Feasibility studies, Grant programs, Guaranteed loan
programs, Renewable energy systems, Rural areas.

Business and industry, Community development, Community facilities, Grant
programs--housing and community development, Loan programs--housing and
community development, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas,
Waste treatment and disposal, Water supply.

Administrative practice and procedure, Energy--advanced biofuel, Renewable
biomass, Reporting and recordkeeping.

Community development, Government securities, Grant programs--business,
Securities, Small businesses.

For the reasons discussed above, Rural Development is amending chapters XVII,
XVIII, XXXV, and XLII of title 7, of the Code of Federal Regulations as follows
Chapter Xvii Rural Utilities Service Department of Agriculture
Part 1709 Assistance to High Energy Cost Communities

1. The authority citation for part 1709 continues to read as follows:
Authority

5 U.S.C. 301, 7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.
Regulatory Text
Subpart B--RUS High Energy Cost Grant Program
§ 1709.107
[Amended]

2. Amend § 1709.107(b) by removing "2000 Census block" and adding "Census block
according to the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census)" in its place.

3. Revise § 1709.123(c)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1709.123 Evaluation criteria and weights.

* * * * *

(c) * * *

(2) Rurality. Priority consideration may be given to proposals that serve
smaller rural communities. Applications will be scored based on the population
of the largest incorporated cities, towns or villages or census designated
places included within the grant's proposed target area as determined using the
population figures from the most recent decennial Census. If the applicable
population figure cannot be based on the most recent decennial Census, RD will
determine the applicable population figure based on available population data.

* * * * *
Subpart C--Bulk Fuel Revolving Fund Grant Program

4. Revise § 1709.210(c)(3) to read as follows:
§ 1709.210 Application process.

* * * * *

(c) * * *

(3) Assessment of needs and potential beneficiaries. The application must
provide estimates of the number, location and population of potentially eligible
areas in the State and their estimated fuel needs and costs. The section must
also describe the criteria used to identify eligible areas, including the
characteristics that make fuel deliveries by surface transport impossible or
impracticable. The description of beneficiary communities should provide a
detailed breakdown of the density profile of the area to be served by eligible
projects. Indicate to what extent persons in eligible areas live outside of
communities of 2,500 persons or more, communities of 5,000 or more or outside of
communities of 20,000 or more. All population estimates should be based on the
most recent decennial Census of the United States. If the applicable population
estimate cannot be based on the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine
the applicable population figure based on available population data. All
representations should be supported with exhibits such as maps, summary tables
and references to official information sources.

* * * * *
Part 1714 Pre Loan Policies and Procedures for Insured Electric Loans

5. The authority citation for part 1714 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.; 1921 et seq.; and 6941 et seq.
Subpart A--General

6. Revise the second and third sentences in § 1714.5(d) to read as follows:
§ 1714.5 Determination of interest rates on municipal rate loans.

* * * * *

(d) * * * The method used to determine this rate is set forth in the regulations
of the Rural Housing Service at 7 CFR 1942.17(f)(1) and (4). Pursuant to the RUS
rule, the interest rates are set using as guidance the average of the Bond Buyer
Index for the four weeks prior to the first Friday of the last month before the
beginning of the quarter. * * *

7. Revise § 1714.7(b)(2)(i) and (ii) to read as follows:
§ 1714.7 Interest rate cap.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) * * *

(i) To qualify under the consumer income test, the borrower must include in its
loan application information about the location of its residential consumers.
The borrower must provide to RUS, based on the most recent data available at the
time of loan application, either the number of consumers in each county it
serves or the number of consumers in each census tract it serves. Using 5-year
income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census
Bureau data, RUS will compare, on a weighted average basis, the average per
capita and median household income of the counties or census tracts served by
the borrower with state figures.

(ii) If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does
not accurately represent the economic conditions of the borrower's consumers,
the reasons will be documented and the borrower may furnish, or RD may obtain,
additional information regarding such economic conditions. Information must
consist of reliable data from local, regional, State, or Federal sources or from
a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source. The Administrator has the
sole discretion to determine whether such data submitted by the borrower is
sufficient to determine whether the borrower qualifies under the consumer income
test.

* * * * *
Part 1735 General Policies Types of Loans Loan Requirements Telecommunications
Program

8. The authority citation for part 1735 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 901 et seq., 1921 et seq., and 6941 et seq.
Subpart A--General

9. In § 1735.2, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1735.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area means any area of the United States, its territories and insular
possessions (including any area within the Federated States of Micronesia, the
Republic of the Marshall Islands, and the Republic of Palau) not included within
the boundaries of any incorporated or unincorporated city, village or borough
having a population exceeding 5,000 inhabitants. The population figure is
obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data. For purposes of the "rural area" definition,
the character of an area is determined as of a time the initial loan for the
system is made.

* * * * *
Subpart B--Loan Purposes and Basic Policies

10. Revise § 1735.10(g) to read as follows:
§ 1735.10 General.

* * * * *

(g) For the purpose of paragraph (a)(2) of this section, rural areas means any
area that is not located within a city, town, or incorporated area that has a
population of greater than 20,000 inhabitants or within an urbanized area
contiguous and adjacent to a city or town that has a population of greater than
50,000 inhabitants. For the purpose of the definition of rural area,

(1) The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census of
the United States (decennial Census). If the applicable population figure cannot
be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the
applicable population figure based on available population data; and

(2) An urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in the most
recent decennial Census.
Part 1737 Pre Loan Policies and Procedures Common to Insured and Guaranteed
Telecommunications Loans

11. The authority citation for part 1737 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 901 et seq., 1921 et seq.; Pub. L. 103-354, 108 Stat. 3178 (7 U.S.C.
6941 et.seq.).

12. In § 1737.2, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1737.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area means any area of the United States, its territories and possessions
(including any area within the Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of
the Marshall Islands, and the Republic of Palau) not included within the
boundaries of any incorporated or unincorporated city, village or borough having
a population exceeding 5,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from
the most recent decennial Census of the United States. If the applicable
population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD
will determine the applicable population figure based on available population
data. For purposes of the "rural area" definition, the character of an area is
determined as of a time the initial loan for the system is made.

* * * * *
Part 1738 Rural Broadband Access Loans and Loan Guarantees

13. The authority citation for part 1738 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Pub. L. 107-171, 7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.
Subpart A--General

14. In § 1738.2(a), revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1738.2 Definitions.

(a) * * *

Rural area means any area, as confirmed by the most recent decennial Census of
the United States (decennial Census), which is not located within:

(i) A city, town, or incorporated area that has a population of greater than
20,000 inhabitants; or

(ii) An urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to a city or town that has a
population of greater than 50,000inhabitants. For purposes of the definition of
rural area, an urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in
the most recent decennial Census.

* * * * *
Part 1739 Broadband Grant Program

15. The authority citation for part 1739 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Title III, Pub. L. 108-199, 118 Stat. 3.

16. In § 1739.3, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1739.3 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area means any area, as confirmed by the most recent decennial Census of
the United States (decennial Census), which is not located within:

(1) A city, town, or incorporated area that has a population of greater than
20,000 inhabitants; or

(2) An urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to a city or town that has a
population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants. For purposes of the definition of
rural area, an urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in
the most recent decennial Census.

* * * * *
Part 1740 Public Television Station Digital Transition Grant Program

17. The authority citation for part 1740 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2005; Title III: Rural Development Programs;
Rural Utilities Service; Distance Learning, Telemedicine, and Broadband Program;
Pub. L. 108-447.
Subpart A--Public Televsion Station Digital Transition Grant Program
§ 1740.8
[Amended]

18. Amend § 1740.8 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(1)(i), removing "http://www.fcc.gov/fcc-bin/audio/tvq.html"
and removing ", overlaid on a Census Tiger Map. The map also shows counties
covered" and

b. In paragraph (c)(1), removing the last sentence.
Part 1774 Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households
Program

19. The authority citation for part 1774 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(2)(C).
Subpart A--General Provisions

20. In § 1774.2, revise the definitions of "Financially distressed area" and "
Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1774.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Financially distressed area. An area is considered financially distressed if the
median household income of the area to be served is either below the poverty
line or below 80 percent of the statewide non-metropolitan median household
income according to the 5-year income data from the American Community Survey
(ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. If there is reason to believe
that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does not accurately represent the
median household income of the area to be served, the reasons will be documented
and the borrower may furnish, or RD may obtain, additional information regarding
such median household income data. Information must consist of reliable data
from local, regional, State or Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a
reliable impartial source.

* * * * *

Rural area. For the purposes of this SEARCH program, any area not in a city or
town with a population of 2,500 or fewer, according to the most recent decennial
Census of the United States (decennial Census). If the applicable population
figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD will
determine the applicable population figure based on available population data.

* * * * *
Part 1775 Technical Assistance Grants

21. The authority citation for part 1775 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.
Subpart A--General Provisions

22. In § 1775.2, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1775.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area. Any area not in a city or town with a population in excess of
10,000, according to the most recent decennial Census of the United States. If
the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent
decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure based on
available population data.

* * * * *
Part 1776 Household Water Well System Grant Program

23. The authority citation for part 1776 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1926e.
Subpart A--General

24. In § 1776.3, revise the definition of "Eligible individual" to read as
follows:
§ 1776.3 Definitions.

* * * * *

Eligible individual means an individual who is a member of a household the
members of which have a combined income (for the most recent 12-month period for
which the information is available) that is not more than 100 percent of the
median nonmetropolitan household income for the State or territory in which the
individual resides, according to 5-year income data from the American Community
Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. If there is reason to
believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does not accurately represent
the median nonmetropolitan household income for the State or territory in which
the individual resides, the reasons will be documented and the applicant may
furnish, or RD may obtain, additional information regarding such median
household income data. Information must consist of reliable data from local,
regional, State or Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a reliable
impartial source.

* * * * *
Part 1777 Section 306c Wwd Loans and Grants

25. The authority citation for part 1777 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.

26. In § 1777.4, revise the definition of "Rural areas" to read as follows:
§ 1777.4 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural areas. Includes unincorporated areas and any city or town with a
population not in excess of 10,000 inhabitants located in any of the 50 States,
the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Western Pacific Territories, Marshall
Islands, Federated States of Micronesia, Republic of Palau, and the U.S. Virgin
Islands. The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census
of the United States. If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained
from the most recent decennial Census, RD will determinethe applicable
population figure based on available population data.

* * * * *

27. Revise § 1777.12(a)(1) to read as follows:
§ 1777.12 Eligibility.

(a) * * *

(1) Per capita income of the residents is not more than 70 percent of the most
recent national average per capita income, as determined by 5-year income data
from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data
does not accurately represent the per capita income of the residents, the
reasons will be documented and the borrower/applicant may furnish, or RD may
obtain, additional information regarding such per capita income data.
Information must consist of reliable data from local, regional, State or Federal
sources or from a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source, and

* * * * *
Part 1778 Emergency and Imminent Community Water Assistance Grants

28. The authority citation for part 1778 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301, 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.

29. In § 1778.4, revise the definition of "Rural areas" to read as follows:
§ 1778.4 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural areas. Includes any area not in a city or town with a population in excess
of 10,000 inhabitants located in any of the fifty States, the Commonwealth of
Puerto Rico, the Western Pacific Territories, Marshall Islands, Federated States
of Micronesia, Republic of Palau, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. The population
figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States
(decennial Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from
the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population
figure based on available population data.

* * * * *

30. Revise § 1778.10(a)(1) and (2) to read as follows:
§ 1778.10 Restrictions.

(a) * * *

(1) Assist any city or town with a population in excess of 10,000 inhabitants.
The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census. If the
applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial
Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure based on available
population data. Facilities financed by RUS may be located in non-rural areas.
However, loan and grant funds may be used to finance only that portion of the
facility serving rural areas, regardless of facility location.

(2) Assist a rural area that has a median household income in excess of the
statewide nonmetropolitan median household income as determined by 5-year income
data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data
does not accurately represent the median household income of the rural area, the
reasons will be documented and the applicant may furnish, or RD may obtain,
additional information regarding such median household income data. Information
must consist of reliable data from local, regional, State or Federal sources or
from a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source.

* * * * *
§ 1778.13 [Amended]

31. Amend § 1778.13(b) by removing "decennial census of the United States" and
adding "decennical Census" in its place.
Part 1779 Water and Waste Disposal Programs Guaranteed Loans

32. The authority citation for part 1779 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.

33. In § 1779.2, revise the definition of "Rural and rural area" to read as
follows:
§ 1779.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural and rural area. Any area not in a city or town with a population in excess
of 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from the most recent
decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census). If the applicable
population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD
will determine the applicable population figure based on available population
data.

* * * * *
Part 1780 Water and Waste Loans and Grants

34. The authority citation for part 1780 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.
Subpart A--General Policies and Requirements

35. Revise the second, third, and fourth sentences of § 1780.1(b) to read as
follows:
§ 1780.1 General.

* * * * *

(b) * * * The median household income of the service area and the
nonmetropolitan median household income of the State will be determined from
income data from 5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or,
if needed, other Census Bureau data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS
or other Census Bureau data does not accurately represent the median household
income within the area to be served, the reasons will be documented and the
applicant may furnish, or RD may obtain, additional information regarding such
median household income data. Information must consist of reliable data from
local, regional, State or Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a
reliable impartial source. * * *

36. In § 1780.3, revise the definition of "Rural and rural areas" to read as
follows:
§ 1780.3 Definitions and grammatical rules of construction.

* * * * *

Rural and rural areas means any area not in a city or town with a population in
excess of 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from the most
recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census). If the
applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial
Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure based on available
population data.

* * * * *

37. Revise § 1780.18(c)(2)(ii) to read as follows:
§ 1780.18 Allocation of program funds.

* * * * *

(c) * * *

(2) * * *

(ii) The data sources for each criterion identified in paragraph (c)(2) of this
section are specified in paragraphs (c)(2)(ii)(A) through (C) of this section.
Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its relevance in
determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is multiplied by
the weight factor and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF). The SF cannot
exceed 0.05, as follows:

SF = (criterion in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(A) of this section × 50 percent) +
(criterion in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(B) × 25 percent) + (criterion in paragraph
(b)(2)(i)(C) of this section × 25 percent)

(A) For the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(A) of this section, the
most recent decennial Census data.

(B) For the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(B) of this section,
5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other
Census Bureau data.

(C) For the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(C) of this section, the
most recent Bureau of Labor Statistics data.

* * * * *
Subpart B--Loan and Grant Application Processing

38. Revise § 1780.49(b)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1780.49 Rural or Native Alaskan villages.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) Rural or Native Alaskan village. A rural or Native Alaskan community which
meets the definition of a village under State statutes and does not have a
population in excess of 10,000 inhabitants according to the most recent
decennial Census.

* * * * *
Part 1781 Resource Conservation and Development Rcd Loans and Watershed Ws Loans
and Advances

39. The authority citation for part 1781 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.
§ 1781.2 [Amended]

40. Amend the first sentence of § 1781.2(a) by removing ", successor to the
Farmers's Home Administration" in the first sentence.
Part 1783 Revolving Funds for Financing Water and Wastewater Projects Revolving
Fund Program

41. The authority citation for part 1783 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1926 (a)(2)(B).
Subpart A--General

42. In § 1783.3, revise the definition of "Rural and rural area" to read as
follows:
§ 1783.3 What definitions are used in this regulation?

* * * * *

Rural and rural area means a city, town or unincorporated area that has a
population of no more than 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained
from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census).
If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent
decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure based on
available population data.

* * * * *
CHAPTER XVIII--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE, RURAL
UTILITIES SERVICE, AND FARM SERVICE AGENCY, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
Part 1806 Insurance

43. The authority citation for part 1806 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--Real Property Insurance
§ 1806.1
[Amended]

44. Amend § 1806.1 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Rural Housing Service (RHS). Any references
herein to the Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its employees are intended
to mean FSA or RHS, as applicable, and their employees." and adding "Rural
Housing Service (RHS), herein referred to as the "Agency." in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b) and (d), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (e), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"interest of the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "interest of RD" in its place.
§ 1806.2 [Amended]

45. Amend § 1806.2 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(5)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b)(6) introductory text and (b)(6)(i), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (b)(9) and (b)(10) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the
Agency" in their place;

d. In paragraph (b)(11) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "the Agency has" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "the Agency will" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(11)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(11)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 is" and adding "the Agency is" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (b)(11)(iv) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraph (b)(11)(iv)(A), removing "United States of America (Farmers Home
Administration or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354)" and adding
"United States of America (Rural Development)" in its place and removing "naming
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "naming the
Agency" in its place;

h. In paragraph (b)(11)(iv)(B), removing "United States of America (Farmers Home
Administration or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354)" and adding
"United States of America (Rural Development)" in its place and removing "by
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the
Agency" in its place;

i. In paragraph (b)(11)(iv)(C), removing "the Farmers Home Admnistration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

j. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"in which the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"in which the Agency" in its place;

k. In paragraph (d)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

l. In paragraph (d)(1)(iii)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "the" in its place;

m. In paragraph (d)(2), removing "against the FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "against the Agency" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 mortgage" and adding
"Agency mortgage" in its place; and

n. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 loan" and adding "Agency loan" in its place and removing "for FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loans" and adding "for the Agency
loans" in its place.
§ 1806.3 [Amended]

46. Amend § 1806.3 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(1), (b), and (c)(1)(v), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in their
place;

b. In paragraph (c)(1)(vii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in their place; and

c. In paragraph (c)(1)(viii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in their place.
§ 1806.4 [Amended]

47. Amend § 1806.4 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in their place;

b. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "upon demand to FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "upon demand to the Agency" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (b)(2)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the Agency" in their place.
§ 1806.5 [Amended]

48. Amend § 1806.5 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text and (i)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 " and adding "the Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 was" and adding "the Agency was" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (a)(2), (b)(1), and (b)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 " and adding "Agency" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (b)(2)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place and removing "jointly to
the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "jointly
to the Agency" in its place;

f. In paragraph (c)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraphs (c)(1)(iv) and (e)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

h. In paragraph (g) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place;

i. In paragraphs (g)(2) and (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 " and adding "Agency" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (i)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 official" and adding "Agency official" in its place and removing
"whether FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"whether the Agency" in its place.
§ 1806.6 [Amended]

49. Amend § 1806.6 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in their place;

e. In paragraph (a)(1)(v), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 account" and adding
"Agency account" in its place;

f. In paragraph (a)(1)(vii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 as mortgagee" and adding "Agency as mortgagee" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place; and

h. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "from the FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "from the Agency" in
its place.
Subpart B--National Flood Insurance
§ 1806.21
[Amended]

50. Amend § 1806.21(a) by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development and
Farm Service Agency, herein referred to as the "Agency"," in its place.
§ 1806.22 [Amended]

51. Amend § 1806.22 by:

a. In the paragraph heading of paragraph (b), removing "Farmers Home
Administration or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The
Agency" in its place; and

b. In the first sentence of paragraph (b), removing "the FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 National Office" and adding "the National
Office" in its place.
§ 1806.23 [Amended]

52. Amend § 1806.23(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1806.25 [Amended]

53. Amend § 1806.25 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place and

b. In paragraph (c)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place.
Part 1810 Interest Rates Terms Conditions and Approval Authority

54. The authority citation for part 1810 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1989; 14 U.S.C. 1480; 7 CFR 2.23; 7 CFR 2.70.
Subpart A--Interest Rates, Amortization, Guarantee Fee, Annual Charge, and Fixed
Period
§ 1810.1
[Amended]

55. Amend § 1810.1 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency (Rural Business-Cooperative Service and Rural
Housing Service of the U.S. Department of Agriculture)" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "U.S. Department of Agriculture" in
its place.
§ 1810.2 [Amended]

56. Amend § 1810.2(b) and (c) by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in their place.
Part 1822 Rural Housing Loans and Grants

57. The authority citation for part 1822 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

42 U.S.C. 1480; 5 U.S.C. 301; 7 CFR 2.23; 7 CFR 2.70.
Subpart G--Rural Housing Site Loan Policies, Procedures, and Authorizations
§ 1822.261
[Amended]

58. Amend § 1822.261 by removing "assistance to FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development (RD)" in its place and
removing "with an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
employee" and adding "with an RD employee" in its place.
§ 1822.264 [Amended]

59. Amend § 1822.264(b) by removing "The Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RHS" in its place.
§ 1822.265 [Amended]

60. Amend § 1822.265(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354".
§ 1822.266 [Amended]

61. Amend § 1822.266(e)(4) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1822.267 [Amended]

62. Amend § 1822.267 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (d), removing "using a form entitled, "((Rural Housing Site)
Loan to Nonprofit Corporation)" available at all FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 offices";

c. In paragraph (e), removing ", and certain information in a guide entitled
"Planning and Developing Building Sites" available at all FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 offices";

d. In paragraph (h), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

f. In paragraph (k)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (l)(2) introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (l)(2)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

i. In paragraph (l)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (l)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "The government's" in its place.
§ 1822.268 [Amended]

63. Amend § 1822.268(a) by:

a. Removing "charged by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "charged by Rural Development" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "RD office" in its place.
§ 1822.270 [Amended]

64. Amend § 1822.270(a) introductory text by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1822.271 [Amended]

65. Amend § 1822.271 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(3)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place and

b. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs in the column labeled "Form No." and adding "RD" in
its place.
§ 1822.274 [Amended]

66. Amend § 1822.274 by:

a. In paragraph (b) first sentence, removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 1927-1 (state), Real Estate Mortgage -for ___," will"
and adding "Form RD 3550-14, "Real Estate Mortgage or Deed of Trust for
(state)," will" in its place and in the first paragraph of the quoted material
in the third sentence by removing "basis for the FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "basis for Rural Development" in its place;
and

b. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1822.275 [Amended]

67. Amend § 1822.275(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1822.278 [Amended]

68. Amend § 1822.278(g) by:

a. In the first sentence, removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 1927-1 (state), Real Estate ___for___(Direct Loan)," will"
and adding "Form RD 3550-14, "Real Estate Mortgage or Deed of Trust for
(state)," will" in its place; and

b. In the first paragraph of the quoted material in the third sentence, removing
"basis for the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"basis for Rural Development" in its place.
Part 1900 General

69. The authority citation for part 1900 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 7 U.S.C. 6991, et seq.; 42 U.S.C. 1480;
Reorganization Plan No. 2 of 1953 (5 U.S.C. App.).
§ 1900.1 [Amended]

70. Amend § 1900.1 by:

a. Removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. Adding "This subpart is inapplicable to Farm Service Agency, Farm Loan
Programs." at the end of the section.
§ 1900.2 [Amended]

71. Amend § 1900.2 introductory text and paragraph (g) by removing "the Farmers
Home Administration or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1900.3 [Amended]

72. Amend § 1900.3 by removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor
Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1900.5 [Amended]

73. Amend § 1900.5 by removing "the FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1900.6 [Amended]

74. Amend § 1900.6(a) and (b) by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1900.7 [Amended]

75. Amend § 1900.7 by removing "Administrator of the Farmers Home Administration
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary
for Rural Development" in its place.
Subpart C--Applicability of Federal Law
§ 1900.101
[Amended]

76. Amend § 1900.101 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "Agency" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

b. In paragraph (a), removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

c. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1900.102 [Amended]

77. Amend § 1900.102 by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and "Farmers Home Administration or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever they occur and adding "Rural Development" in their place.
Subpart D--Processing and Servicing Rural Development Assistance to Employees,
Relatives, and Associates

78. Revise the heading of Subpart D to read as set forth above.

79. Revise § 1900.151(a) introductory text and (b) to read as follows:
§ 1900.151 General.

(a) The Standards of Ethical Conduct for Employees of the Executive Branch
requires the maintenance of high standards of honesty, integrity, and
impartiality by employees. To reduce the potential for employee conflict of
interest, any processing, approval, servicing or review activity, including
access through automated information systems, is conducted only by authorized
Rural Development employees who:

* * * * *

(b) No provision of this subpart takes precedence over individual program
requirements or restrictions relating to eligibility for Rural Development
assistance to Rural Development employees, members of families of employees,
close relatives, or business or close personal associates of employees.

* * * * *
§ 1900.152 [Amended]

80. Amend § 1900.152 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "
Rural Development" wherever it occurs in its place in the following definitions:

i. `Applicant or borrower';

ii. `Assistance';

iii. `Employee'; and

iv. `Recipient'; and

b. Removing "an FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "a Rural Development" in its place in the definition of `Conflict of
Interest'.

81. Revise § 1900.153 to read as follows:
§ 1900.153 Identifying and reporting an employee relationship.

(a) Responsibility of applicant. When an application for assistance is filed,
the processing official asks if there is any known relationship or association
with a Rural Development employee. The applicant is required to disclose the
requested information under pertinent program regulations.

(b) Responsibility of the Rural Development employee. A Rural Development
employee who knows he or she is related to or associated with an applicant or
recipient, regardless of whether the relationship or association is known to
others, is required to notify the Rural Development official who is processing
or servicing the assistance, in writing. RD Guide Letter 1900-D-1 (available in
any RD office) may be used as the notice. If the appropriate official is not
known, the State Director should be notified. Regardless of whether the
relationship or association is defined in § 1900.152, if the employee believes
there may be a potential conflict of interest, the Rural Development official
who is processing or servicing the assistance may be notified and special
handling requested. An employee's request that the case receive special handling
is usually honored.

(c) Responsibility of the Rural Development official. When any relationship or
association is identified, the Rural Development official completes and submits
RD Guide Letter 1900-D-2 to the State Director (or Administrator, under
paragraph (e) of this section or § 1900.155(a)). When completed, RD Guide Letter
1900-D-3 is returned by the State Director, the processing official;

(d) Relationship or association established after application for Rural
Development assistance. If a relationship or association is established after an
application has been filed or assistance has been provided, both recipient and
employee are required to notify the Rural Development official as described in
paragraphs (a) and (b) of this section.

(e) Relationship or association with a State Office, Finance Office or National
Office employee. If an identified relationship or association is with an
employee at a State Office (other than a State Director), Finance Office or
National Office, the processing/servicing official completes and submits RD
Guide Letter 1900-D-2 to the State Director in the normal manner. The State
Director reviews the information, determines the need for special handling,
designates the processing/servicing official, completes and submits RD Guide
Letter 1900-D-3 to the Administrator for written concurrence. When the
Administrator's concurrence is received, the State Director returns completed RD
Guide Letter 1900-D-3 to the original official who completes the action
described in paragraph (c) of this section.

(f) Relationship or association with a State Director. If an identified
relationship or association is with a State Director, the processing/servicing
official completes and submits RD Guide Letter 1900-D-2 to the Administrator.
The Administrator reviews, determines the need for special handling, designates
the processing/servicing official, completes and returns RD Guide Letter
1900-D-3 to the original official who completes the action described in
paragraph (c) of this section.

(g) Change in relationship or association, status of Rural Development
assistance, or employee's duty station. If the relationship orassociation has
changed, the application denied or the assistance otherwise terminated, or Rural
Development employee's duty station changed, the designated processing/servicing
official completes RD Guide Letter 1900-D-2 with the new information and submits
it. The review process takes place as described in paragraphs (a) through (e) of
this section to determine if processing/servicing activity may return to normal
or requires another change. If the assistance is denied or otherwise terminated,
the designated official notifies the original official.
§ 1900.155 [Amended]

82. Amend § 1900.155(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1900.156 [Amended]

83. Amend § 1900.156(g) by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
Part 1901 Program Related Instructions

84. The authority citation for part 1901 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart K--Certificates of Beneficial Ownership and Insured Notes
§ 1901.501
[Amended]

85. Amend § 1901.501 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.

86. Revise § 1901.503(a)(2) through (a)(7), (a)(9), (a)(10), (a)(12), (a)(13),
(a)(15) through (a)(17), (a)(19), and (b)(1) through (b)(6) to read as follows:
§ 1901.503 Definitions.

(a) * * *

(2) Certificate. A certificate of beneficial ownership issued by Rural
Development under this subpart.

(3) Director, Finance Office. The Director or the Insured Loan Officer of the
Finance Office of Rural Development.

(4) Rural Development. The United States acting through the Rural Housing
Service, the Rural Utilities Service, or the Rural Business-Cooperative Service
or their successor agencies.

(5) Finance Office. The office which maintains the Rural Development finance
records. It is located at 1520 Market Street, St. Louis, Missouri 63103. (Phone:
314-425-4400)

(6) Fixed period. Any time interval (preceding an option period) during which
the insured holder is not entitled to require Rural Development to purchase the
insured note, as specified in the insurance agreement.

(7) Insurance agreement. The entire contract evidencing and setting forth the
terms and conditions of Rural Development insurance of the payment for the
insured note. The insurance agreement with respect to any particular loan may be
evidenced by Form RD 440-5, "Insurance Endorsement (Insured Loan)," RD 440-30,
"Insurance Endorsement (Insure Loans)," or any other form or forms prescribed by
the National Office and executed by an authorized official of Rural Development.
It may include such provisions as, for example, an agreement of Rural
Development to purchase or repurchase the loan, or to make supplementary
payments from the insurance fund.

* * * * *

(9) Insured holder. The current owner of an insured note other than Rural
Development, according to the records of Rural Development as insurer of the
note.

(10) Insured note. Any promissory note or bond evidencing an insured loan
regardless of whether it is held by Rural Development in the insurance fund, by
a private holder, or by Rural Development as trustee.

* * * * *

(12) National Office. The Administrator or other authorized officer of Rural
Development in Washington, DC.

(13) Option period. Any period during which the insured holder has the optional
right to require Rural Development to purchase the insured note, as specified in
the insurance agreement.

* * * * *

(15) Private buyer. A buyer of an insured note other than Rural Development.

(16) Private holder. An insured holder other than Rural Development.

(17) Repurchase agreement. A provision in the insurance agreement obligating
Rural Development to buy the insured note at the option of the holders.

* * * * *

(19) State Director. The State Director of Rural Development for the State in
which is located the real estate improved, purchased, or refinanced with the
loan evidenced by the insured note.

(b) * * *

(1) Reserve bank. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York (and any other Federal
Reserve Bank which agrees to issue securities in book-entry form) as fiscal
agent of the United States acting on behalf of Rural Development and, when
indicated, acting in its individual capacity.

(2) Rural Development security. A certificate representing beneficial ownership
of notes, bonds, debentures, or other similar obligations held by Rural
Development under the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act and title V of
the Housing Act of 1949, issued in the form of a definitive Rural Development
security or a book-entry Rural Development security.

(3) Definitive Rural Development security. A Rural Development security in
engraved on printed form.

(4) Book-entry Rural Development security. A Rural Development security in the
form of an entry made as prescribed in this subpart on the records of a Reserve
bank.

(5) Pledge. A pledge of, or any other security interest in, Rural Development
securities as collateral for loans or advances, or to secure deposits of public
moneys or the performance of an obligation.

(6) Date of call. The date fixed in the official notice of call published in
theFederal Registeron which Rural Development will make payment of the security
before maturity in accordance with its terms.

* * * * *
§ 1901.504 [Amended]

87. Amend § 1901.504 by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354 financing" and adding "Rural Development financing" in its place and by
removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354's fiscal agents"
and adding "Rural Development's fiscal agents" in its place.
§ 1901.505 [Amended]

88. Amend § 1901.505 section heading and paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2), and (b) by
removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1901.506 [Amended]

89. Amend § 1901.506 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" each time it
appears and adding "Rural Development" in the following places:

i. The section heading;

ii. Paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3);

iii. Paragraphs (b)(1) introductory text, (b)(2), (b)(3), (b)(4), (b)(5);

iv. Paragraphs (c)(1) introductory text, (c)(1)(i), (c)(1)(iv), (c)(2), (c)(3),
(c)(4), (c)(5);

v. Paragraphs (d) paragraph heading, (d)(1), (d)(2);

vi. Paragraph (e) paragraph heading and text;

vii. Paragraph (f)(1);

viii. Paragraph (g) paragraph heading and text;

ix. Paragraph (h)(1); and

b. In paragraph (f)(2), removing "the Farmers Homes Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and "Farmers Homes Administration or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
their place.

90. Amend § 1901.507 by:

a. Revising the section heading to read as set forth below;

b. In paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. Removing in paragraph (d)(2) "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (d)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

g. Revising paragraph (e) to read as follows:
§ 1901.507 Certificates of beneficial ownership by the Rural Development Finance
Office.

* * * * *

(e) Assignments. Assignments of certificates should be executed by the owner or
the owner's authorized representative in the presence of an officer authorized
to certify assignments. Registered certificates may be assigned to a specified
transferee or to Rural Development for redemption or for exchange for other
certificates offered at maturity. Assignments to "United States, Rural
Development," "Farmers Home Administration for Transfer," or "Rural Development
for Exchange" will not be accepted unless supplemented by specific instructions
by or in behalf of the owner. If an alteration or erasure has been made in an
assignment, a new assignment from the assignor should be obtained. Otherwise, an
affidavit or explanation by the person responsible for the alteration or erasure
should be submitted for consideration.

* * * * *
§ 1901.508 [Amended]

91. Amend § 1901.508 by:

a. In the introductory text and in paragraphs (a)(1) through (a)(4), removing
"FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and
adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(1)(i), removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354 is requested" and adding "Rural Development is requested" in its place
and removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "made to FmHA or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "made to Rural
Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(4):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "records of FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "records of Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (b)(5):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "However, FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "However, Rural Development" in its place; and

g. In the heading to paragraph (c) and in paragraphs (c)(1) introductory text,
(c)(2), and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1901.509 [Amended]

92. Amend § 1901.509 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354's" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b) introductory text, (b)(1) introductory text, and
(b)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(5):

i. Removing "and FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "and Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (b)(6), removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

e. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
Part 1902 Supervised Bank Accounts

93. The authority citation for part 1902 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 7 U.S.C. 6991, et seq.; 42 U.S.C. 1480;
Reorganization Plan No. 2 of 1953 (5 U.S.C. App.).
Subpart A--Supervised Bank Accounts of Loan, Grant, and Other Funds
§ 1902.1
[Amended]

94. Amend § 1902.1 introductory text by adding at the end of the section "This
subpart is inapplicable to Farm Service Agency, Farm Loan Programs."
§ 1902.4 [Amended]

95. Amend § 1902.4 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "government" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b)(2):

i. Removing "the FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1902.9 [Amended]

96. Amend § 1902.9 in the heading of paragraph (a) by removing "FmHA or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1902.10 [Amended]

97. Amend § 1902.10 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1902.15 [Amended]

98. Amend § 1902.15 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "When FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "When Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place.

b. In paragraphs (a) and (c)(1)(i) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

c. In paragraph(c)(1)(i)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in their place;

d. In paragraph (c)(1)(i)(C), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (c)(1)(ii):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354 indebtedness"
and adding "Rural Development indebtedness" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354 borrower"
and adding "Rural Development borrower" in its place; and

iii. Removing "the FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

f. In paragraphs (c)(1)(iii) and (c)(2)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor
Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1902.16 [Amended]

99. Amend § 1902.16 by:

a. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354s" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d) by removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "due to Rural Development" in its place.
Part 1910 General

100. The authority citation for part 1910 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart B--Credit Reports

100. Section 1910.51 is revised to read as follows:
§ 1910.51 Purpose.

This subpart prescribes the policies and procedures of Rural Development for
individual and joint type credit reports. Credit reports will be ordered to
determine the eligibility of applicants requesting Rural Development loans. A
nonrefundable fee will be charged the applicant. This subpart is inapplicable to
Farm Service Agency, Farm Loan Programs.
Subpart C--Commercial Credit Reports

101. Revise the first sentence of § 1910.101 to read as follows:
§ 1910.101 Preface.

This subpart (§§ 1910.101 through 1910.150) describes the procedure to be used
by Rural Development in obtaining commercial credit reports. * * *
Part 1924 Construction and Repair

102. The authority citation for part 1924 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--Planning and Performing Construction and Other Development
§ 1924.1 [Amended]

103. Amend § 1924.1 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§§ 1924.3, 1924.4, 1924.5, 1924.6, 1924.8, 1924.9, 1924.10, and 1924.13
[Amended]

102. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Agency" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1924.3;

b. Section 1924.4(d), (f), and (p);

c. Section 1924.5(d)(1) introductory text wherever it occurs, (d)(1)(iv),
(d)(1)(v), (f)(1)(i), (f)(1)(iii)(C)(4), (f)(2)(iii), (f)(2)(xii) wherever it
occurs, (g)(3), and (i)(4);

d. Section 1924.6(a)(6), (a)(8), (a)(10)(ii) wherever it occurs, and
(a)(11)(iv);

e. Section 1924.8(e);

f. Section 1924.9(b)(7);

g. Section 1924.10(c)(1) wherever it occurs; and

h. Section 1924.13(a) introductory text, (a)(1), (a)(3), (a)(5)(i)(B) wherever
it occurs, (a)(5)(ii)(C), (a)(5)(vi), (b)(2)(v), (e)(1) introductory text
wherever it occurs, (e)(1)(iii)(B)(2), (e)(2)(i)(B), (e)(2)(ii)(A), and
(e)(2)(vii).
§§ 1924.5, 1924.6, 1924.9, 1924.10, 1924.11, 1924.12, and 1924.13 [Amended]

103. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "RD" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1924.5(b) wherever it occurs, (f)(1)(iii)(F), (f)(2)(i), (g)(1)
introductory text, and (g)(2);

b. Section 1924.6(a)(10)(iv) wherever it occurs, (a)(11)(iii), (a)(12)(ii),
(a)(12)(iii) wherever it occurs, (a)(12)(v)(A), (a)(12)(vi)(C)(2)(i),
(a)(12)(vi)(C)(2)(ii), (b)(3)(i) wherever it occurs, (b)(3)(ii)(C), and
(b)(3)(ii)(G);

c. Section 1924.9(c) wherever it occurs;

d. Section 1924.10(a)(4), (c)(2)(i), and (c)(2)(ii);

e. Section 1924.11(c);

f. Section 1924.12(a), (d)(1), and (d)(2); and

g. Section 1924.13(e)(1)(ii) introductory text wherever it occurs and (e)(2)(x).

§§ 1924.4, 1924.5, 1924.6, 1924.9, and 1924.13 [Amended]

104. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "the Agency" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1924.4(h)(1), (h)(8), and (n);

b. Section 1924.5(d)(1)(i)(E)(1), (f)(1)(ii), (f)(1)(iii)(C), (f)(2)
introductory text, (f)(2)(vii), and (f)(2)(viii);

c. Section 1924.6(a)(2)(vi), (a)(3)(iii)(B), (a)(3)(iv)(D), (a)(3)(iv)(F),
(a)(11)(iv) wherever it occurs, (a)(12)(v)(C) wherever it occurs,
(a)(12)(vi)(C)(1)(ii), and (b)(3)(ii)(F);

d. Section 1924.9(d) and (e); and

e. Section 1924.13(a)(5)(i)(F), (a)(5)(iii)(C), (b)(2) wherever it occurs,
(e)(1)(i)(D), (e)(1)(i)(E), (e)(1)(iii)(B)(3), (e)(1)(vi)(A) wherever it occurs,
(e)(1)(vii)(A)(4), (e)(1)(vii)(B)(3), (e)(2)(i)(D), (e)(2)(ii)(C),
(e)(2)(iii)(C), (e)(2)(ix)(A) wherever it occurs, and (e)(2)(ix)(B).
§ 1924.5 [Amended]

105. Amend § 1924.5 by:

a. In paragraph (d)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (f) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (f)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place;

d. In paragraph (f)(2)(iii):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 for" and
adding "Agency for" in its place;

ii. Removing "that FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will"
and adding "the Agency will" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (h) introductory text:

i. Removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of the Agency" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 forms" and
adding "RD forms" in its place; and

f. in paragraph (i)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place.
§ 1924.6 [Amended]

106. Amend § 1924.6 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "(including FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354)" and adding "(including the
Agency)" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3)(ii), removing "(including FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354)" and adding "(including the Agency)" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will be" and
adding "The Agency will be" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(3)(iii)(A):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 prior" and
adding "the Agency prior" in its place;

ii. Removing "the owner and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the owner and the Agency" in its place;

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place; and

iv. Removing "all FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "all Agency" in its place.

d. In paragraph (a)(11)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 employee" and adding "Agency employee" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (a)(12)(v)(B), removing "provide FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "provide the Agency" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official"
wherever it occurs and adding "Agency official" in its place;

f. In paragraph (a)(12)(vi)(B):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Agency loan" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "by the Agency" in its place;

iii. Removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of the Agency" in its place; and

iv. Removing "the owner and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the owner and the Agency" in its place; and

g. In paragraph (a)(12)(vi)(C) introductory text:

i. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Agency loan" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "the Agency will" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1924.9 [Amended]

107. Amend § 1924.9 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "Rural Development office" and adding "Agency office" in its place;

ii. Removing "RHS or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 inpections"
wherever it occurs and adding "Agency inspections" in its place; and

iii. Removing "RHS or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "the Agency has" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1924.10 [Amended]

108. Amend § 1924.10(a)(3) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's security" and adding "the Agency's security" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 security"
and adding "Agency security" in its place.
§ 1924.12 [Amended]

109. Amend § 1924.12 by:

a. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "the owner and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the owner and the Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Agency office" in
its place; and

c. In paragraph (d)(4), removing "notifies FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "notifies the Agency" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form
RD" in its place.
§ 1924.13 [Amended]

110. Amend § 1924.13 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(4)(iii), removing "The Farmers Home Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Approval
Official" and adding "Agency Approval Official" in its place;

b. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii)(F):

i. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "to the Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
regulations" and adding "Agency regulations" in its place;

c. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii)(G), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 offices" and adding"Agency offices" in its place, and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii)(H), removing "The Farmers Home Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Official"
and adding "Agency Official" in its place;

e. In paragraph (e)(1)(iv):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 with" and
adding "the Agency with" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 offices"
and adding "Agency offices" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
and adding "Agency personnel" in its place;

f. In paragraph (e)(1)(v) introductory text:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Agency office" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "the Agency will" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 contractor"
and adding "Agency contractor" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 contracts"
and adding "Agency contracts" in its place; and

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
and adding "Agency personnel" in its place;

g. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(A), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "to FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in its
place;

h. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(B):

i. Removing "the owner and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the owner and the Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "prior to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "prior to the Agency" in its place; and

iv. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

i. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(C):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place;

j. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(D), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations" and adding "Agency
regulations" in its place;

k. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(E):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 reserves"
and adding "The Agency reserves" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iv. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "to the Agency" in its place;

l. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(G):

i. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Forms RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1944-31" and
adding "RD 1944-31" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Agency office" in its place;

m. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(I):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place;

n. In paragraph (e)(1)(vi) introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 as shown" and adding "the Agency as shown" in its place;

o. In paragraph (e)(2)(i)(G), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "by FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its
place;

p. In paragraph (e)(2)(i)(H), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "to FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in its
place;

q. In paragraph (e)(2)(viii) introductory text:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 contractor"
and adding "Agency contractor" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 contracts"
and adding "Agency contracts" in its place;

r. In paragraph (e)(2)(viii)(A):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations"
and adding "Agency regulations" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 reserves"
and adding "The Agency reserves" in its place;

iv. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to the Agency" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place; and

vi. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

s. In paragraph (e)(2)(viii)(B):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 must" and
adding "the Agency must" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

t. In paragraph (e)(2)(viii)(D):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place; and

u. In paragraph (e)(2)(ix):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District" and
adding "Agency District" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to the Agency" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Representative" and adding "Agency Representative" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 does not" and
adding "the Agency does not" in its place.
Exhibit B to Subpart A [Amended]

111. Amend Exhibit B to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of the Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "an Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph I.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraph III.B:

i. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "an Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "local FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "local Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph IV, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

e. In paragraph V introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

f. In paragraph V.D introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraph V.E, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

h. In paragraph V.H, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

i. In paragraph V.J, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

j. In paragraph VI.A introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

k. In paragraph VI.A.3, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

l. In paragraph VII.C introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

m. In paragraph IX, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "The Agency will" in its place and removing "of the
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "of the
Agency" in its place;

n. In paragraph X.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

o. In paragraph X.C, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

p. In Attachment 1 to Exhibit B by:

i. In the introductory text, removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Agency" in its place;

ii. In paragraph A.10, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

iii. In paragraph B.4(c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "U.S. Department of Agriculture," in its place;

q. In Attachment 2 to Exhibit B by:

i. In the second introductory paragraph, removing "Farmers Home Administration
(FmHA) or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in
its place;

ii. In paragraph 2, removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its place;

iii. In paragraph 3, removing "local FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "local Agency" in its place;

iv. In paragraph 3, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

v. In paragraph 3, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Thermal" and adding "Agency Thermal" in its place;

vi. In paragraph 6 and the second undesginated concluding paragraph, removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel" and adding "RD
personnel" in its place;

vii. In paragraph 6, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 State" and adding "Agency State" in its place; and

viii. In paragraph 6, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 inspection" and adding "RD inspection" in its place; and

r. In Attachment 5 to Exhibit B by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place.
Exhibit C to Subpart A [Amended]

112. Amend Exhibit C to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In paragraphs II.A introductory text and V.B introductory text, removing "any
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and
adding "any Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraphs IV introductory text and IV.A introductory text, removing"Form
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraph IV.A.1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 form" and adding "RD form" in its place.
Exhibit D to Subpart A [Amended]

113. Amend Exhibit D to Subpart A of Part 1924 by removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Agency" in its place in the following places:

a. Paragraph IV.A;

b. Paragraph IV.C.1.a;

c. Paragraph IV.C.1.b;

d. Paragraph IV.C.2.b; and

e. Paragraph V.A.
Exhibit H to Subpart A [Amended]

114. Amend Exhibit H to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In paragraph II, removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph IV.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 requires" and adding "the Agency requires" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 County" and adding
"Agency County" in its place;

c. In paragraph IV.C, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 requires" and adding "the Agency requires" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 County" and adding
"Agency County" in its place;

d. In paragraph IV.D, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place; and

e. In paragraph IV.E, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
Exhibit I to Subpart A [Amended]

115. Amend Exhibit I to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "the Agency" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph 300-3; and

ii. Paragraph 302-2.5; and

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Agency" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph 302-2.3;

ii Paragraph 303-1.
Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended]

116. Amend Exhibit J to Subpart A of Part 1924, Part A by:

a. In Section I:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 field" and
adding "Agency field" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 housing" and
adding "Agency housing" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and
adding "The Agency may" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "The Agency will" in its place;

b. In Section II introductory text by:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "The Agency has" in its place;

ii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to the Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of Agency" in its place;

c. In Section II.B:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 field" and
adding "Agency field" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Agency loan" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354/MPS" and
adding "Agency/MPS" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 in that" and
adding "the Agency in that" in its place;

d. In Section III:

i. In the definition of `Manufactured Home" removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place; and

ii. In the definition of `Permanent Perimeter Enclosure' removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 adopted" and adding "Agency adopted"
in its place;

e. In Section IV, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

f. In Section V:

i. In the introductory text, removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its place;

ii. In Section V.2, removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its place and removing "to FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in its
place; and

iii. In Section V.2.B introductory text, removing "by FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations" and
adding "Agency regulations" in its place;
Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended]

117. Amend Exhibit J to Subpart A of Part 1924, Part B by:

a. In Section I.C removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place;

b. In Section I.I, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In Section II.A introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place and removing
"to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the
Agency" in its place;

d. In Section II.A.1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place and removing "to FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in its
place;

e. In Section II.A.2, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

f. In Section II.A.4, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

g. In Section II.A.6, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 adopted" and adding "Agency adopted" in its place and removing "to FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in
its place;

h. In Section II.A.8, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place;

i. In Section II.C.1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place;

j. In Section II.C.2, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under PublicLaw
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place;

k. In Section III.A, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place;

l. In Section III.C, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

m. In Section IV.A.1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place; and

n. In Section IV.C.2, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place and removing "by FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its
place;
Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended]

118. Amend Exhibit J to Subpart A of Part 1924, Part C by:

a. In Section I introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

b. In Section I.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In Section I.C:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 County" and
adding "Agency County" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354/MPS" and
adding "Agency/MPS" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place; and

d. In Section V.A, removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended]

119. Amend Exhibit J to Subpart A of Part 1924, Part D, Inspection of
Development Works, Section II.D by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place.
Exhibit K to Subpart A [Amended]

120. Amend Exhibit K to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In Section I, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

b. In Section II, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" wherever it occurs and adding "the Agency's" in its place and
removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "between the Agency" in its place; and

c. In Section III, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place.
Exhibit L to Subpart A [Amended]

121. Amend Exhibit L to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In Section I introductory text, removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA)
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its
place;

b. In Section I.A, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

c. In Section I.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

d. In Section I.C, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

e. In Section II.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the Agency" in its place;

f. In Section III.E, removing "if FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "if the Agency" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 inspections" wherever it occurs and
adding "Agency inspections" in its place;

g. In Section IV.A(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

h. In Section IV.B(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

i. In Section IV.B(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

j. In Attachment 1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place.
Subpart C--Planning and Performing Site Development Work
§§ 1924.103 and 1924.119
[Amended]

122. Amend §§ 1924.103 and 1924.119 by removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its
place and by removing "(available in any RHS field office)" wherever it occurs.
Subpart F--Complaints and Compensation for Construction Defects
§ 1924.251
[Amended]

123. Amend § 1924.251 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§§ 1924.252, 1924.253, 1924.258, 1924.260, 1924.261, 1924.262, 1924.265,
1924.266, 1924.274, and 1924.276 [Amended]

124. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1924.252;

b. Section 1924.253;

c. Section 1924.258;

d. Section 1924.260;

e. Section 1924.261;

f. Section 1924.262;

g. Section 1924.265;

h. Section 1924.266;

i. Section 1924.274; and

j. Section 1924.276.
§ 1924.259 [Amended]

125. Amend § 1924.259 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "a format specified by FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (available in any FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office)" and adding "a Rural Development approved
format" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 using a format specified by FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 (available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 office)" and adding "Rural Development using a Rural Development
approved format" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (c), (d), and (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (e)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's findings" and adding "the findings" in its place; and

e. In paragraphs (e)(2)(i), (e)(2)(ii), (e)(3), and (e)(4), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "
Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1924.271 [Amended]

126. Amend § 1924.271 by removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place and by removing
"(available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office)".
§ 1924.273 [Amended]

127. Amend § 1924.273 by removing "(available in any FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 office)".
Part 1925 Taxes

128. The authority citation for part 1925 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart C--Planning and Performing Site Development Work
§ 1925.2
[Amended]

129. Amend § 1925.2 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1925.3 [Amended]

130. Amend § 1925.3(c) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1925.4 [Amended]

131. Amend § 1925.4 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
Part 1927 Title Clearance and Loan Closing

132. The authority citation for part 1927 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart B--Real Estate Title Clearance and Loan Closing
§ 1927.52
[Amended]

133. Amend § 1927.52 by removing the definition of "FSA" and revising the
definitions of "Agency", "National Office", "RHS", and "State Office" to read as
follows:
§ 1927.52 Definitions.

Agency. The Rural Housing Service (RHS) or its successor agency.

* * * * *

National Office. The National Headquarters Office of RHS.

* * * * *

RHS. The Rural Housing Service, an agency of the United States Department of
Agriculture, or its successor agency.

* * * * *

State Office. This term refers to the Rural Development State Director.

* * * * *
Part 1940 General

134. The authority citation for part 1940 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; and 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart I--Truth in Lending-Real Estate Settlement Procedures
§ 1940.401
[Amended]

135. Amend § 1940.401 by:

a. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d)(4)(iii), removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 to the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
County Office" and adding "by Rural Development to the Rural Development County
Office" in its place.
§ 1940.406 [Amended]

136. Amend § 1940.406 by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
Subpart L--Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program
Funds
§ 1940.551
[Amended]

137. Amend § 1940.551 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Administrator of the Farmers Home Administration
(FmHA) or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Administrator for the Rural Business-Cooperative Service or the Administrator
for the Rural Housing Service, as applicable," in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1940.552, 1940.557, 1940.578, and 1940.585 [Amended]

138. Amend §§ 1940.552(e), 1940.577(b)(2), 1940.578(k), and 1940.585(g) by
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.

139. Revise § 1940.560(b)(3) to read as follows:
§ 1940.560 Guaranteed Rural Rental Housing Program.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(3) State's percentage of National average cost per unit. The data source for
the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(1) of this section is the most recent
decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census). The data source for
the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(2) of this section is 5-year income
data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data. The data source for the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(3) of this
section is the cost per unit data using the applicable maximum per unit dollar
amount limitations under section 207(c) of the National Housing Act, which can
be obtained from the Department of Housing and Urban Development. The percentage
representing each criterion is multiplied by the weight assigned and totaled to
arrive at a State factor.

State Factor = (criterion No. 1 × weight of 40%) + (criterion No. 1 × weight of
40%) + (criterion No. 1 × weight of 20%)

* * * * *

140. In § 1940.563, revise paragraph (b)(4) and add paragraph (b)(5) to read as
follows:
§ 1940.563 Section 502 non-subsidized guaranteed Rural Housing (RH) loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(4) State's percentage of the national number of rural renter households paying
more than 35 percent of income for rent. The data source for each criterion is
specified in paragraph (b)(5) of this section. Each criterion is assigned a
specific weight according to its relevance in determining need. The percentage
representing each criterion is multiplied by the weight factor and summed to
arrive at a basic State factor (SF) as follows:

SF = (criterion 1 × weight of 30%) + (criterion 2 × weight of 10%) + (criterion
3 × weight of 30%) + (criterion 4 × weight of 30%)

(5) The data source for the criteria specified in paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(2)
of this section is the most recent decennial Census. The data source for the
criteria specified in paragraph (b)(3) and (b)(4) of this section is 5-year
income data from the AmericanCommunity Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census
Bureau data.

* * * * *

141. In § 1940.564, revise paragraph (b)(4) and add paragraph (b)(5) to read as
follows:
§ 1940.564 Section 502 subsidized guaranteed Rural Housing loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(4) State's percentage of the national number of rural renter households paying
more than 35 percent of income for rent. The data source for each criterion is
specified in paragraph (b)(5) of this section. Each criterion is assigned a
specific weight according to its relevance in determining need. The percentage
representing each criterion is multiplied by the weight factor and summed to
arrive at a basic State factor (SF) as follows:

SF = (criterion 1 × weight of 30%) + (criterion 2 × weight of 10%) + (criterion
3 × weight of 30%) + (criterion 4 × weight of 30%)

(5) The data source for the criteria specified in paragraphs (b)(1), (b)(2), and
(b)(4) of this section is the most recent decennial Census. The data source for
the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(3) of this section is 5-year income
data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data.

* * * * *

142. Revise § 1940.566(b)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1940.566 Section 504 Housing Repair loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) State's percentage of the National number of rural households below 50
percent of area median income. The data source for the first criterion is the
most recent decennial Census data. The data source for the second criterion is
5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other
Census Bureau data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to
its relevance in determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is
multiplied by the weight factor and summed to arrive at a basic State factor
(SF).

SF = (criterion No. 1 × weight of 50%) + (criterion No. 2 × weight of 50%)

* * * * *

143. Revise § 1940.567(b)(3) to read as follows:
§ 1940.567 Section 504 Housing Repair grants.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(3) State's percentage of the National number of rural households below 50
percent of area median income. The data source for the first two of these
criteria is the most recent decennial Census data. The data source for the third
criterion is the 5-year data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if
needed, other Census Bureau data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight
according to its relevance in determining need. The percentage representing each
criterion is multiplied by the weight factor and summed to arrive at a basic
State factor (SF).

SF = (criterion No. 1 × weight of 33 1/3%) + (criterion No. 2 × weight of 33
1/3%) + (criterion No. 3 × weight of 33 1/3%)

* * * * *

144. Revise § 1940.575(b)(3) to read as follows:
§ 1940.575 Section 515 Rural Rental Housing (RRH) loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(3) State's percentage of National rural families with incomes below the poverty
level. The data source for the first two of these criterion is the most recent
decennial Census data. The data source for the third criterion is the 5-year
data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its relevance in
determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is multiplied by
the weight assigned and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF).

SF = (criterion No. 1 × weight of 33 1/3%) + (criterion No. 2 × weight of 33
1/3%) + (criterion No. 3 × weight of 33 1/3%)

* * * * *

145. Revise § 1940.585(b)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1940.585 Community Facility loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) The data source for the first criterion is the most recent decennial Census
data. The data source for the second criterion is the 5-year data from the
American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. The
data source for the third criterion is the most recent Bureau of Labor
Statistics data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its
relevance in determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is
multiplied by the weight factor and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF). The
SF cannot exceed 0.05.

SF = (criterion (b)(1)(i) × 50 percent) + (criterion (b)(1)(ii) × 25 percent) +
(criterion (b)(1)(iii) × 25 percent)

* * * * *

146. Amend § 1940.591 by:

a. Revising paragraph (b)(2); and

b. In paragraph (g), removing "(available in any FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office)."

The revision reads as follows:
§ 1940.591 Community Program Guaranteed loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) The data source for the first criterion is the most recent decennial Census
data. The data source for the second criterion is the 5-year data from the
American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. The
data source for the third criterion is the most recent Bureau of Labor
Statistics data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its
relevance in determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is
multiplied by the weight factor and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF). The
SF cannot exceed 0.05.

SF = (criterion (b)(1)(i) × 50 percent) + (criterion (b)(1)(ii) × 25 percent) +
(criterion (b)(1)(iii) × 25 percent)

* * * * *

147. Revise § 1940.592(b)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1940.592 Community facilities grants.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) The data source for the first criterion is the most recent decennial Census
data. The data source for the second criterion is the 5-year data from the
American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. Each
criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its relevance in
determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is multiplied by
the weight factor and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF).

SF (criterion (b)(1)(i) × 50 percent) + (criterion (b)(1)(ii) × 50 percent)

* * * * *
Subpart T--System for Delivery of Certain Rural Development Programs
§ 1940.951
[Amended]

148. Amend § 1940.951 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

b. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under PublicLaw
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1940.953 [Amended]

149. Amend § 1940.953 by:

a. In the definition of `Administrator', removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Business--Cooperative Service, Rural
Housing Service, or Rural Utilities Service" in its place; and

b. In the defintion of `State Director', removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1940.956, 1940.957, 1940.960, and 1940.969 [Amended]

150. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1940.956;

b. Section 1940.957(d);

c. Section 1940.960(a); and

d. Section 1940.969.
§ 1940.961 [Amended]

151. Amend § 1940.961 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
State" and adding "RD State" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (d)(1), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place.
§ 1940.965 [Amended]

152. Amend § 1940.965 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1940.968 [Amended]

153. Amend § 1940.968 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (c) and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (h)(4), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

d. In paragraph (i)(2)(vii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (i)(3)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (i)(3)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

g. In paragraph (i)(3)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (i)(3)(iv), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD
Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

i. In paragraph (j)(2):

i. Removing "Exhibit A (available from any FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354RD State Office), shall be attached to and become a permanent
part of Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1940-A and
the following paragraphs will appear in the comment section of that form:" and
adding "Exhibit A of this subpart (available from any Rural Development State
Office) shall be attached to and become a permanent part of Form RD 1940-1 and
the following paragraphs will appear in the comment section of that form:" in
its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 7 CFR part
1940" and adding "7 CFR part 1940" in its place; and

iii. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "approved by Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (j)(4), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will retain" and adding "
Rural Development will retain" in its place;

k. In paragraph (j)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

l. In paragraphs (j)(7) and (l), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
Part 1942 Associations

154. The authority citation for part 1942 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--Community Facility Loan
§ 1942.1
[Amended]

155. Amend § 1942.1 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Agency's" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

c. In pragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1942.2 [Amended]

156. Amend § 1942.2:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD's" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2)(iv), removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "by RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 funding" and adding "Agency funding" in its place and removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will issue" and adding "the Agency
will issue" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in their place;

e. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

f. In paragraphs (d) and (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1942.3 [Amended]

157. Amend § 1942.3 by:

a. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

b. Removing "422-10" and adding "442-10" in its place; and

c. Removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the RD" in its place.
§ 1942.5 [Amended]

158. Amend § 1942.5 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "Ordinarily FmHA or itssuccessor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The Rural Development" in its place
and removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place and removing
"(Public Resolution)" and adding "(Public Bodies)" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(1)(ii):

i. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
by written" and adding "approved by written" in its place;

ii. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
shall" and adding "approved by RD shall" in its place;

iii. Removing "If FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 makes
the loan" and adding "If (insert agency name) makes the loan" in its place;

iv. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

v. Removing "submitted to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "submitted to RD" in its place; and

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 reserves"
and adding "Rural Development reserves" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (b)(1)(ii)(E) and (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its
place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Form RD" in its place;

f. In paragraphs (d)(1) and (d)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (d)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Field Office terminal" and adding "automated terminal" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (d)(5):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Field" and
adding "Rural Development Field" in its place;

ii. Removing "the Legislative Affairs and Public Information Staff in the
National Office" and adding "the Legislative and Public Affairs Staff in the
Rural Development National Office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

i. In paragraph (d)(6), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

j. In paragraph (d)(7) introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Field" and adding "Rural
Development Field" in its place; and

k. In paragraph (d)(7)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1942.6 [Amended]

159. Amend § 1942.6 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1942.8 [Amended]

160. Amend § 1942.8:

a. In paragraph (d), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (g), removing "review of FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "review of Rural Developments's" in its place;
and

c. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 personnel" and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and
adding "RD Instruction" in its place.
§ 1942.16 [Amended]

161. Amend § 1942.16 introductory text by removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
§ 1942.17 [Amended]

162. Amend § 1942.17 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "
Rural Development" in its place wherever it occurs in the following places:

i. Paragraph (a);

ii. Paragraphs (b)(2)(i), (b)(3), and (b)(4);

iii. Paragraphs (c)(1), (c)(2) introductory text, and (c)(2)(iv) introductory
text;

iv. Paragraphs (d)(1)(iv)(B), (d)(1)(iv)(G) introductory text,
(d)(1)(iv)(G)(2)(ii), (d)(1)(v) introductory text, (d)(1)(v)(C), and
(d)(1)(v)(D);

v. Paragraphs (e)(1) introductory text, (e)(1)(ii), and (e)(4);

vi. Paragraph (f)(6);

vii. Paragraph (f)(7) introductory text and (f)(7)(i)(D);

viii. Paragraph (g) introductory text;

ix. Paragraphs (h) introductory text, (h)(1)(ii)(B), (h)(2)(ii)(A)(2),
(h)(2)(ii)(B), (h)(2)(iii) introductory text, (h)(2)(iii)(C), and (h)(3)
introductory text;

x. Paragraphs (j)(3)(i)(A) through (D), (j)(3)(ii)(A), (j)(4) introductory text,
(j)(4)(iii)(C), (j)(5), (j)(7), (j)(9), (j)(10)(ii), (j)(10)(iv), and (j)(11);

xi. Paragraphs (k) introductory text, (k)(1)(iv), (k)(4), and (k)(5);

xii. Paragraphs (m)(3) through (m)(6);

xiii. Paragraphs (n)(1), (n)(2)(xiii), (n)(3)(ii), and (n)(6);

xiv. Paragraph (o)(3);

xv. Paragraphs (p)(2) introductory text, (p)(2)(iii), and (p)(3)(i) through
(iii);

b. Revising paragraphs (b)(1)(i)(A), (b)(1)(i)(B), (b)(2)(iii), and (b)(2)(iv);

c. In paragraph (b)(5), removing in the paragraph heading "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354"; and removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 shall" and adding "The Government shall" in its place;

d. In paragraph (c)(2)(iii)(E), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 funds" and adding "Rural Devleopment funds" in its place and
removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "between Rural Development's" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d)(1)(v)(E):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and
adding "Rural Development may" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
authorization" and adding "Rural Development's authorization" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
authorization" and adding "Rural Development authorization" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 approval"
and adding "Rural Development approval" in its place;

f. In paragraph (f)(5), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

g. In paragraph (f)(6), revising the third, fourth, and fifth sentences;

h. In paragraphs (g)(1) introductory text and (g)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the
United States" in its place;

i. In paragraph (g)(1)(ii) introductory text:

i. Removing "acceptable to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "acceptable to the United States" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 portion" and
adding "United States portion" in its place;

iii. Removing "include FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "include United States" in its place;

iv. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State
Director" and adding "the State Director" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 must" and
adding "The United States must" in its place;

j. In paragraph (g)(1)(iv), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354";

k. In paragraph (g)(2)(iii)(A)(7):

i. Removing "Farmers Home Adminstration or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

l. In paragraph (g)(3)(i) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

m. In paragraphs (g)(3)(i)(B) and (D), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the United States" in
its place;

n. In paragraph (g)(3)(iii)(A)(3):

i. Removing "Farmers Home Adminstration or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

o. In paragraph (h)(2)(i)(B)(2), removing "the Farmers Home Administration or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

p. In paragraph (j)(3) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "RD's" in its place;

q. In paragraph (j)(3)(ii)(B):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "acceptable to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "acceptable to Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "determined by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "determined by Rural Development" in its place;

r. Revising paragraph (j)(3)(iii);

s. In paragraph (j)(4)(i) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

t. In paragraph (j)(4)(i)(A), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "give FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "give Rural
Development" in its place;

u. In paragraph (j)(4)(i)(B) introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place and removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

v. In paragraph (j)(4)(i)(B)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

w. In paragraph (j)(6)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

x. In paragraph (k)(7), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 financial" and adding "Agency financial" in its place and removing "The
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State Director" and adding
"The State Director" in its place;

y. In paragraph (k)(8), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

z. In paragraph (l)(1):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 concurrence"
and adding "Agency concurrence" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354/EPA" and
adding "Agency/EPA" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 and EPA" and
adding "RD and EPA" in its place;

aa. In paragraph (l)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

bb. In paragraphs (l)(4) and (m)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

cc. In paragraph (m)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will
tentatively" and adding "RD will tentatively" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "agency loan" in its place;

iii. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "where FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "where Rural Development" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will notify"
and adding "Rural Development will notify" in its place; and

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loans" and
adding "Rural Development loans" in its place;

dd. In paragraph (n)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

ee. In paragraph (n)(2)(vii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

ff. In paragraph (n)(2)(x), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

gg. In paragraph (n)(3) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 funds" and
adding "Rural Development funds" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
commitment" and adding "Rural Development's commitment" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Rural Development loan" in its place;

iv. Removing "When an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "When a Rural Development" in its place; and

v. Removing "provide FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "provide Rural Development" in its place;

hh. In paragraph (p)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

ii. In paragraph (p)(4):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 funds" and
adding "Rural Development funds" in its place;

ii. Removing "benefit of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "benefit of Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

jj. In paragraph (p)(5), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 funds" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place
and removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

kk. In paragraph (p)(6)(i)(A):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "agency loan" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 grant" and
adding "agency grant" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
indebtedness" and adding "RD indebtedness" in its place; and

11. In paragraph (p)(6)(i)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "agency" in its place.

The revisions read as follows:
§ 1942.17 Community facilities.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(1) * * *

(i) * * *

(A) Loans for water or waste disposal facilities will not be made to a city or
town with a population in excess of 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is
obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data.

(B) Loans for essential community facilities will not be made to a city or town
with a population in excess of 20,000 inhabitants according to the most recent
decennial Census.

* * * * *

(2) * * *

(iii) For water or waste disposal facilities, the terms rural and rural area
will not include any area in any city or town with a population in excess of
10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from the most recent
decennial Census. If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from
the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population
figure based on available population data.

(iv) For essential community facilities, the terms rural and rural area will not
include any area in any city or town with a population in excess of 20,000
inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial
Census. If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data.

* * * * *

(f) * * *

(6) Income determination.* * * The median household income of the service area
and the nonmetropolitan median household income of the State will be determined
from 5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed,
other Census Bureau data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other
Census Bureau data does not accurately represent the median household income
within the area to be served, the reasons will be documented and the applicant
may furnish, or Rural Development may obtain, additional information regarding
such median household income data. Information must consist of reliable data
from local, regional, State or Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a
reliable impartial source. * * *

(j) * * *

(3) * * *

(iii) Insurance. The following types of coverage must be maintained if
appropriate for the type of project and entity involved. Insurance must be in
amounts acceptable to the Agency and at least equivalent to coverage for real
property and equipment acquired without Federal funds.

(A) Property insurance. Fire and extended coverage will normally be maintained
on all structures except as noted in paragraphs (j)(3)(iii)(A)(1) and (2) of
this section. Ordinarily, Rural Development should be listed as mortgagee on the
policy when Rural Development has a lien on the property. Normally, major items
of equipment or machinery located in the insured structures must also be
covered. Exceptions:

(1) Reservoirs, standpipes, elevated tanks, and other structures built entirely
of noncombustible materials if such structures are not normally insured.

(2) Subsurface lift stations except for the value of electrical and pumping
equipment therein.

(B) Liability and property damage insurance, including vehicular coverage.

(C) Malpractice insurance. The need and requirements for malpractice insurance
will be carefully and thoroughly considered in connection with each health care
facility financed.

(D) Flood insurance. Facilities located in special flood- and mudslide-prone
areas must comply with the eligibility and insurance requirements of subpart B
of part 1806 of this chapter (RD Instruction 426.2).

(E) Worker's compensation. The borrower will carry worker's compensation
insurance for employees in accordance with State laws.

* * * * *
§ 1942.18 [Amended]

163. Amend § 1942.18 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "
Rural Development" in its place wherever it occurs in the following places:

i. Paragraph (b);

ii. Paragraph (c);

iii. Paragraphs (d) introductory text, (d)(4), and (d)(11);

iv. Paragraph(e)(2);

v. Paragraphs(f)(1) introductory text, (f)(1)(iii)(C), (f)(5), and (f)(6);

vi. Paragraph (g);

vii. Paragraph (h);

viii. Paragraphs (j)(1) introductory text, (j)(2), and (j)(5)(iv);

ix. Paragraph (k)(5);

x. Paragraphs (m) introductory text, (m)(1) introductory text, (m)(2), and
(m)(4);

xi. Paragraphs (n) introductory text, (n)(5), (n)(6), (n)(8), (n)(9), and
(n)(11); and

xii. Paragraphs (o)(2) introductory text, (o)(2)(iii) introductory text,
(o)(2)(iii)(B), (o)(4)(iv), (o)(6), (o)(7)(i)introductory text, and (o)(7)(iii)
introductory text;

b. In paragraph (d)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (d)(1)(i):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 offices" and
adding "Rural Development offices" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
eligibility" and adding "the Rural Development's eligibility" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d)(16), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "Rural Development will" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's State" and adding "
Rural Development's State" in its place;

e. In paragraph (e)(1):

i. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (f) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 review" and
adding "Rural Development review" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Rural Development loan" in its place; and

v. Removing "pledged to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "pledged to Rural Development" in its place;

g. In paragraphs (f)(1)(iii)(B)(2) and(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (n)(3):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "acting through the Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "acting through Rural Development"
in its place;

i. In paragraph (o)(1), removing "where FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "where Rural Development" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

j. In paragraph (o)(3):

i. Removing "made by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "made by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 for
acceptance" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development for acceptance" in
its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iv. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from Rural Development" in its place;

k. In paragraph (o)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 State" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development State" in its
place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Form RD" in its place;

l. In paragraph (o)(7)(i)(C), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place; and

m. In paragraph (o)(7)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and adding "the Rural
Development State" in its place.
§ 1942.19 [Amended]

164. Amend § 1942.19 by:

a. In the following paragraphs, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place:

i. Paragraphs (b)(1), (b)(2) introductory text, (b)(2)(iv), and (b)(2)(vi);

ii. Paragraph (c)(11);

iii. Paragraph (d);

iv. Paragraphs (e) introductory text and (e)(2)(i) through (e)(2)(iii);

v. Paragraph (f);

vi. Paragraph (g) introductory text; and

vii. Paragraphs (h)(1), (h)(4), (h)(7), (h)(9), (h)(10)(ii), and (h)(10)(iii).

b. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place and removing "discusesd" and adding "discussed" in its place;

c. In paragraph (e)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (e)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 advance" and adding "
Rural Development advance" in its place;

e. In paragraph (h)(2):

i. Removing "purchased by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "purchased by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "address of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "address of Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State
Office" and adding "Rural Development State Office" in its place;

f. In paragraph (h)(10)(iv), removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (h)(11)(iii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

h. In paragraph (i):

i. Removing "Bidding by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Bidding by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will not"
and adding "Rural Development will not" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's rates"
and adding "Rural Development's rates" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will
negotiate" and adding "Rural Development will negotiate" in its place.
§ 1942.20 [Amended]

165. Amend § 1942.20 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354";

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Agency's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(12), removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354--Department of Agriculture Pertaining to EDA
Public Works Projects Assisted by an FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Loan" and adding "Department of Agriculture Pertaining to EDA Public
Works Projects Assisted by an Agency Loan" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(13), removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354-";

e. In paragraphs (a)(18) and (a)(20), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

f. In paragraph (a)(25), removing "EPA and FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Environmental Protection Agency and the Agency"
in its place; and

g. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place.
Subpart C--Fire and Rescue and Other Small Community Facilities Projects
§ 1942.102
[Amended]

166. Amend § 1942.102 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "RD's" in its place.
§ 1942.105 [Amended]

167. Amend § 1942.105 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.107 [Amended]

168. Amend § 1942.107(c) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 funds" and adding "Agency funds" in its place and by removing "by
Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by RD" in its place.
§ 1942.108 [Amended]

169. Amend § 1942.108(c) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.112 [Amended]

170. Amend § 1942.112 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 approval" and adding "Agency approval" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines" and
adding "RD determines" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (a)(3)(iii) and (a)(3)(iv), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (a)(3)(v):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may
authorize" and adding "RD may authorize" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
authorization" and adding "RD's authorization" in its place;

iii. Removing "and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
authorization" and adding "and Agency authorization" in its place; and

iv. Removing "without FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
approval" and adding "without Agency approval" in its place.
§ 1942.114 [Amended]

171. Amend § 1942.114 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1942.115 [Amended]

172. Amend § 1942.115 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 may require" and adding "RD may require" in its place and by removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employee" and adding
"Agency employee" in its place.
§ 1942.116 [Amended]

173. Amend § 1942.116 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (a) and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.122 [Amended]

174. Amend § 1942.122 by:

a. In the heading of paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.123 [Amended]

175. Amend § 1942.123 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(1) and (i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (k):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
and adding "Agency personnel" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "RD office" in its place.
§ 1942.126 [Amended]

176. Amend § 1942.126 by:

a. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 may" and adding "RD may" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "RD office" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 concurrence" and adding "Agency concurrence" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and adding "RD may"
in its place;

d. In paragraphs (b)(3), (c), and (d)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 for approval"
and adding "RD for approval" in its place;

ii. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law103-354"
and adding "approved by RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District"
and adding "Agency District" in its place;

f. In paragraph (h) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraph (k), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (l)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "RD will" in its place and removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (l)(2), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "to RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 funds" and adding "Agency funds" in its place;

j. In paragraph (l)(2)(iii) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

k. In paragraph (l)(2)(iii)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

l. In paragraph (l)(3) introductory text:

i. Removing "or FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "or RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "inspector to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "inspector to RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District"
and adding "Agency District" in its place;

iv. Removing "guide 11" and adding "Guide 11" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

vi. Removing "Inspections by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Inspections by RD" in its place;

m. In paragraph (l)(4), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State Director" and adding "Agency
State Director" in its place;

n. In paragraphs (l)(5) and (l)(6)(i) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in
its place;

o. In paragraph (l)(6)(i)(C), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "RD's" in its place; and

p. In paragraph (l)(6)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District" and adding "Agency District"
in its place; and

q. In paragraph (l)(6)(iii) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1942.127 [Amended]

177. Amend § 1942.127 by:

a. In paragraph (e)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by RD" in
its place; and

b. In paragraph (e)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 loan" and adding "Agency loan" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and adding "RD may" in its place.

§ 1942.128 [Amended]

178. Amend § 1942.128(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.134 [Amended]

179. Amend § 1942.134 introductory text by removing "FmHA Instruction" and
adding "RD Instruction" in its place and by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and adding "Rural Development office" in
its place.
Subpart G--Rural Business Enterprise Grants and Television Demonstration Grants
§ 1942.301
[Amended]

180. Amend § 1942.301 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever they occur and adding "Agency" in their
place.
§§ 1942.302. 1942.303, and 1942.304 [Amended]

181. Amend §§ 1942.302, 1942.303, and 1942.304 by removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Agency" in its place.

182. In addition to the amendments set forth above, in § 1942.304, revise the
definition of "Rural and Rural Area" to read as follows:
§ 1942.304 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural and Rural Area. Any area other than a city or town that has a population
of greater than 50,000 inhabitants and the urbanized area contiguous and
adjacent to such a city or town. The population figure is obtained from the most
recent decennial Census. If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained
from the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable
population figure based on available population data.

* * * * *
§ 1942.305 [Amended]

183. Amend § 1942.305 by:

a. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (b)(3)(iv)(A), (b)(3)(iv)(C), (b)(3)(iv)(E), and (b)(3)(v),
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD"
in its place.
§ 1942.306 [Amended]

184. Amend § 1942.306(c) by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 grant" and
adding "Agency grant" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Agency loan" in its place; and

c. Removing "with FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "with RD" in its place.
§ 1942.308 [Amended]

185. Amend § 1942.308 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 assistance"
and adding "Agency assistance" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "RD has" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
regulations" and adding "Agency regulations" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (d):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 for" and
adding "RD for" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Agency State" in its place.
§ 1942.310 [Amended]

186. Amend § 1942.310 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "When FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "When RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "no FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "no Agency" in its place;

iii. Removing "unless FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "unless RD" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 shall" and
adding "RD shall" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "RD will" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "RD's" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(4):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "RD will" in its place;

iii. Removing "Forms FmHA" and adding "Forms RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" wherever
it occurs and adding "RD's" in its place;

v. Removing "prior to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "prior to RD" in its place; and

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and
adding "RD may" in its place;

e. In paragraph (c)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (c)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(3):

i. Removing "applicant to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "applicant to RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 National"
and adding "Agency National" in its place; and

iii. Removing "provided FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "provided RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (c)(4):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 grant" and
adding "Agency grant" in its place;

ii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from RD" in its place.
§§ 1942.311 and 1942.313 [Amended]

187. Amend §§ 1942.311(b) and 1942.313(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.315 [Amended]

188. Amend § 1942.315(b) by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1942.316 [Amended]

189. Amend § 1942.316(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
Part 1944 Housing

190. The authority citation for part 1944 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart B--Housing Application Packaging Grants
§ 1944.51
[Amended]

191. Amend § 1944.51 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in their place.
§§ 1944.52 and 1944.53 [Amended]

192. Amend §§ 1944.52 and 1944.53 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place.

193. In addition to the amendments set forth above, in § 1944.52, revise the
definition of "Designated counties" to read as follows:
§ 1944.52 Definitions.

* * * * *

Designated counties. These counties are listed in exhibit D of this subpart. The
counties meet the following criteria:

(1) Twenty percent or more of the county population is at or below the poverty
level based on the most recent 5-year survey of the American Community Survey of
the Census Bureau or other Census Bureau data if needed; and

(2) Ten percent or more of the occupied housing units are substandard based on
the most recent decennial Census of the United States.

* * * * *
§ 1944.71 [Amended]

194. Amend § 1944.71(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1944.73 [Amended]

195. Amend § 1944.73 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text:

i. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
and adding "a Rural Development office" in its place;

ii. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
and adding "the Rural Development office" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
and adding "any Rural Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in
its place; and

d. In paragraphs (b) and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
Subpart I--Self-Help Technical Assistance Grants
§ 1944.401
[Amended]

196. Amend § 1944.401 by removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place and by removing "an
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "a Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1944.402 [Amended]

197. Amend § 1944.402 introductory text by removing "Farmers Home Administration
(FmHA) or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1944.403, 1944.404, 1944.415, 1944.416, 1944.419, 1944.422, and 1944.426
[Amended]

198. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1944.403;

b. Section 1944.404;

c. Section 1944.415;

d. Section 1944.416;

e. Section 1944.419;

f. Section 1944.422; and

g. Section 1944.426.
§ 1944.410 [Amended]

199. Amend § 1944.410 by:

a. In paragraphs (b)(1)(ii) and (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (e)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.411 [Amended]

200. Amend § 1944.411 by:

a. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.412 [Amended]

201. Amend § 1944.412 by removing "FmHA" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in
its place.
§ 1944.413 [Amended]

202. Amend § 1944.413 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1944.417 [Amended]

203. Amend § 1944.417 by:

a. In the introductory text to the section, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2)(i), and (a)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (b) introductory text, (b)(1)(ii), and (b)(2), removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.423 [Amended]

204. Amend § 1944.423 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" wherever
it occurs and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. Removing "only FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 can" and
adding "only Rural Development can" in its place; and

c. Removing "with FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 in the"
and adding "with Rural Development in the" in its place.
§ 1944.425 [Amended]

205. Amend § 1944.425 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
Subpart K--Technical and Supervisory Assistance Grants
§ 1944.501
[Amended]

206. Amend § 1944.501 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 employee" and adding "Rural Development employee" in its place and
removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employee" and
adding "a Rural Development employee" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "The Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1944.502 [Amended]

207. Amend § 1944.502 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text, (a)(1), and (b), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 resources" and adding "Rural
Development resources" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1944.506, 1944.510, 1944.512, 1944.514, 1944.516, 1944.520, 1944.525,
1944.529, 1944.538, 1944.541, 1944.543, 1944.547, and 1944.549 [Amended]

208. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1944.506;

b. Section 1944.510;

c. Section 1944.512;

d. Section 1944.514;

e. Section 1944.516;

f. Section 1944.520;

g. Section 1944.525;

h. Section 1944.529;

i. Section 1944.538;

j. Section 1944.541;

k. Section 1944.543;

l. Section 1944.547; and

m. Section 1944.549.
§ 1944.526 [Amended]

209. Amend § 1944.526 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2)(i)(E), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (a)(5) and (c)(1)(i), removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its
place.
§ 1944.531 [Amended]

210. Amend § 1944.531 by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and by
removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" from
paragraph (c)(13) and adding "by Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.533 [Amended]

211. Amend § 1944.533 by:

a. In paragraphs (c), (d), (f)(1), (f)(2) introductory text, (f)(2)(iii),
(f)(2)(iv), (f)(4) introductory text, (f)(4)(i), and (f)(6), removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever its occurs and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place and removing "Director of Information in the
National Office" and adding "Director, Legislative and Public Affairs Staff
(LAPAS), in the Rural Development National Office" in its place;

c. In paragraph (f)(4)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (f)(5), removing "LAPIS" wherever it occurs and adding "LAPAS"
in its place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1944.535 [Amended]

212. Amend § 1944.535 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (b), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Appeal" and adding "Rural Development Appeal" in its place.
§ 1944.536 [Amended]

213. Amend § 1944.536 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 determines" and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place and
by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1944.540 [Amended]

214. Amend § 1944.540 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.545 [Amended]

215. Amend § 1944.545 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 440-1" and adding "RD 1940-1" in its place.
§ 1944.548 [Amended]

216. Amend § 1944.548 by:

a. In the section heading, in paragraph (a), and in paragraph (b) introductory
text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place.
Subpart N--Housing Preservation Grants
§ 1944.654
[Amended]

217. Amend § 1944.654 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA Instruction" wherever it occurs and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in
its place and removing "any Agency office" and adding "any Rural Development
office" in its place.
§ 1944.657 [Amended]

218. Amend § 1944.657 by removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
§ 1944.658 [Amended]

219. Amend § 1944.658(a)(3) by removing "or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs.
§§ 1944.660, 1944.663, 1944.664, 1944.666, 1944.668, 1944.671, 1944.674,
1944.678, 1944.679, 1944.681, 1944.683, 1944.684, and 1944.689 [Amended]

220. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1944.660 section heading and paragraph (a);

b. Section 1944.663(a)(7) and (a)(8);

c. Section 1944.664(c)(10)(ii);

d. Section 1944.666(a)(2), (b)(5), and (c);

e. Section 1944.668;

f. Section 1944.671(b) introductory text and paragraphs (b)(2) and (c);

g. Section 1944.674(b) and (c);

h. Section 1944.678;

i. Section 1944.679(b) introductory text and paragraph (b)(4);

j. Section 1944.681;

k. Section 1944.683(a), (b) introductory text, (c), and (d);

l. Section 1944.684 (a), (b) introductory text, (b)(2), (c), and (d); and

m. Section 1944.689(b).
§ 1944.672 [Amended]

221. Amend § 1944.672 by:

a. In paragraphs (c) and (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (e)(3):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
environmental" and adding "Rural Development's environmental" in its place; and

ii. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
environmental" and adding "a Rural Development environmental" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.673 [Amended]

222. Amend § 1944.673 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "Rural Development has" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.676 [Amended]

223. Amend § 1944.676 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "appropriate FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "appropriate Rural Development" in its place and
removing "any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and
adding "any Rural Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b) introductory text, (b)(1)(iv), and (b)(1)(xii), removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(1)(iii):

i. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(1)(x), removing "Rural Development or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354";

e. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development
office" in its place;

f. In paragraph (d)(4), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

g. In paragraph (d)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its placeand removing
"to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural
Development" in its place;

h. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

i. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1944.682 [Amended]

224. Amend § 1944.682 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines"
and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iv. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "by Rural Development" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.688 [Amended]

225. Amend § 1944.688 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's appeal" and adding "Rural Development's appeal" in its place.
§ 1944.690 [Amended]

226. Amend § 1944.690 by removing "Administrator of FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development (or
designee)" in its place.
Part 1948 Rural Development

227. The authority citation for part 1948 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932 note.
Subpart B--Section 601 Energy Impacted Area Development Assistance
§ 1948.51
[Amended]

228. Amend § 1948.51 by:

a. Removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place; and

c. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "a Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1948.53, 1948.56, 1948.60, 1948.62, 1948.68, 1948.70, 1948.81, 1948.86,
1948.88, 1948.91, 1948.94, and 1948.95 [Amended]

229. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1948.53;

b. Section 1948.56;

c. Section 1948.60;

d. Section 1948.62(b);

e. Section 1948.68(g);

f. Section 1948.70(b);

g. Section 1948.81(a) and (b);

h. Section 1948.86(a)(1) and (a)(2);

i. Section 1948.88;

j. Section 1948.91;

k. Section 1948.94(a) introductory text and (b); and

l. Section 1948.95.

230. Revise § 1948.61 introductory text to read as follows:
§ 1948.61 State supplements and guides.

Rural Development State Directors will obtain National Office clearance for all
State supplements and guides in accordance with paragraph VIII of RD Instruction
2006-B, (available in any Rural Development office).

* * * * *
§ 1948.70 [Amended]

231. Amend § 1948.70(c) by removing "Administrator of FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1948.79 [Amended]

232. Amend § 1948.79 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph (a);

ii. Paragraph (c) introductory text;

iii. Paragraph (e) introductory text;

iv. Paragraph (f);

v. Paragraph (g);

vi. Paragraph (h) introductory text;

vii. Paragraph (i);

viii. Paragraph (j);

ix. Paragraphs (k) introductory text and (k)(12);

b. In paragraph (c)(4), removing "Forms FmHA" and adding "Form RD" in its place
and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (k)(8), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 440-1" and adding "RD 1940-1" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (k)(9) and (k)(10), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1948.81 [Amended]

233. Amend § 1948.81(d) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 State" and adding "Rural Development State" in its place and by
removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1948.82 [Amended]

234. Amend § 1948.82 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraphs (a) introductory text and (a)(10);

ii. Paragraph (c);

iii. Paragraph (d);

iv. Paragraph (e);

v. Paragraphs (f) introductory text, (f)(1), and (f)(2);

vi. Paragraph (g);

vii. Paragraph (h); and

viii. Paragraph (m).

b. In paragraph (i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under PublicLaw
103-354 National" and adding "Rural Development State" in its place and removing
"Administrator" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (j), removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354, the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
State" and adding "Under Secretrary for Rural Development, the Rural Development
State" in its place;

d. In paragraph (k), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Stae" and adding "Rural Development State" in its place and removing
"Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Under Secretrary for Rural Development" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (l), removing "Administrator of FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in
its place.
§§ 1948.83 and 1948.97 [Amended]

235. Amend §§ 1948.83 and 1948.97 by removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its
place.
§ 1948.84 [Amended]

236. Amend § 1948.84 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "
Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph (a);

ii. Paragraph (d) introductory text;

iii. Paragraphs (e) introductory text and (e)(1);

iv. Paragraph (f);

v. Paragraph (g);

vi. Paragraph (h) introductory text;

vii. Paragraph (i) introductory text; and

viii. Paragraphs (i)(14) and (i)(17).

b. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "The Rural Development office" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District"
and adding "Rural Development District" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "the Rural Development State" in its place; and

iv. Removing "the time the AD-622" and adding "the time the Form AD-622" in its
place;

c. In paragraphs (d)(2) and (d)(8), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d)(9), removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 400-1 and Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 400-4" and adding "Form RD 400-1 and Form RD 400-4" in its place;

e. In paragraph (i)(10), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 440-1" and adding "RD 1940-1" in its place;

f. In paragraph (i)(11), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (i)(12), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 400" and adding "RD 400-4" in its place; and

h. In paragraph (i)(13), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1948.89 [Amended]

237. Amend § 1948.89 by:

a. In the heading of the section and in paragraph (a) introductory text,
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State"
wherever it occurs and adding "the Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "for FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "for Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "Administrator" and adding "Under Secretary for
Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in
its place; and

e. In paragraphs (a)(4), (a)(5), and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1948.90 [Amended]

238. Amend § 1948.90 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text and (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2):

i. Removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (a)(3), (b)(2), (b)(3), and (b)(5), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1948.92 [Amended]

239. Amend § 1948.92 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (d) and (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 440-1" and adding "RD 1940-1" in its place;

d. In paragraph (f):

i. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Director of Information, Farmers Home Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Director, Legislative and
Public Affairs Staff (LAPAS), in the Rural Development National Office" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (g)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (g)(4), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and adding "Rural
Development State" in its place;

g. In paragraph (g)(6), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 440-1" and adding "Form RD 1940-1" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 National" and adding "Rural
Development National" in its place;

h. In paragraph (g)(7), removing "Director of Information in the FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 National Office" and adding "Director,
LAPAS, in the Rural Development National Office" in its place;

i. In paragraph (g)(10), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (g)(11):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "Director, Legislative Affairs and Public Information Staff
(LAPIS)" and adding "Director, LAPAS" in its place;

iii. Removing "LAPIS" wherever it occurs and adding "LAPAS" in its place; and

iv. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1948.93 [Amended]

240. Amend § 1948.93 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place and by
removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place.
§ 1948.94 [Amended]

241. Amend § 1948.94 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA Instruction 402.1 (available in any FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office)" and adding "RD
Instruction 1902-A (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place and
removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"to Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1948.96 [Amended]

242. Amend § 1948.96 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
Part 1950 General
Subpart C Servicing Accounts of Borrowers Entering the Armed Forces

243. The authority citation for subpart C of part 1950 continues to read as
follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; and 42 U.S.C. 1480.
§ 1950.101 [Amended]

244. Amend § 1950.101 by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354)" and adding "Rural Development" in its place and by removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations" and adding "Rural
Development regulations" in its place.
§ 1950.102 [Amended]

245. Amend § 1950.102(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 will" and adding "Rural Development will" in its place and by
removing "policy FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "policy of Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1950.103 [Amended]

246. Amend § 1950.103 by:

a. In the section heading, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 loan" and adding "government loan" in its place and removing "borrower
and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "borrower
and Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place and removing "Address
or Name" and adding "Address, Name, Case Number, or Loan Number" in its place.
§ 1950.104 [Amended]

247. Amend § 1950.104 by:

a. In the section heading, introductory text, and paragraph (a), removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development"
in its place;

b. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1950.105 [Amended]

248. Amend § 1950.105(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
Part 1951 Servicing and Collections

249. The authority citation for part 1951 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932 note; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 31 U.S.C. 3716; 42 U.S.C. 1480.

Subpart A--Account Servicing Policies
§ 1951.2
[Amended]

250. Amend § 1951.2 by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354)" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1951.3 [Amended]

251. Amend § 1951.3 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1951.7 [Amended]

252. Amend § 1951.7 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b)(4)(i), (c), and (d)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 borrowers will be maintained in the County Office on Forms FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1905-1, FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 1905-5, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 1905-10, "Management System Card-Association," as provided in FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction 1905-A (available in
any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office)" and adding
"Agency borrowers will be maintained in the County Office as provided in RD
Instruction 1905-A(available in any Agency office)" in its place;

d. In paragraph (h) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

e. In paragraphs (h)(1) and (h)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

f. In paragraph (h)(3):

i. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Forms RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "copy(ies) of Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "copy(ies) of Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "; a copy of Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 1951-58, "Basis for Loan Account Payment Application for Farmer Program
Loans;".
§ 1951.8 [Amended]

253. Amend § 1951.8(b)(3) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1951.9 [Amended]

254. Amend § 1951.9 by:

a. In the section heading, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

b. In the introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

e. In paragraphs (a)(1)(ii), (a)(1)(iii), (a)(1)(iv), (a)(2), and (b), removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and
adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1951.10 [Amended]

255. Amend § 1951.10 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (a)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1951.11 [Amended]

256. Amend § 1951.11 by:

a. In paragraph (d)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

b. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.12 [Amended]

257. Amend § 1951.12 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 loan" and adding "Agency loan" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (c)(1) and (c)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.14 [Amended]

258. Amend § 1951.14(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1951.25 [Amended]

259. Amend § 1951.25(b)(2)(ii) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.

260. Revise Exhibit A to subpart A of 7 CFR part 1951 to read as follows:
Exhibit A to Subpart A of Part 1951--Notice to Agency Borrowers

Agency borrowers with community program loan types made under the Consolidated
Farm and Rural Development Act may request a loan summary statement which shows
the calendar year account activity for each loan. Interested borrowers may
request these statements through their local Rural Development office.
Subpart D--Final Payment of Loans
§ 1951.153
[Amended]

261. Amend § 1951.153(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1951.154 [Amended]

262. Amend § 1951.154 by removing in paragraph (a) "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place and by removing in
paragraph (c) "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"RD" in its place.
§ 1951.155 [Amended]

263. Amend § 1951.155 by:

a. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "RD will" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c) introductory text and paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(2):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will"
wherever it occurs and adding "RD will" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 is" and
adding "RD is" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 can" and
adding "RD can" in its place;

d. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 may" and adding "RD may" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD
Instruction" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "RD will" in its place and removing "by FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by RD" in its place.
Subpart E--Servicing of Community and Direct Business Programs Loans and Grants
§ 1951.201
[Amended]

264. Amend § 1951.201 by removing "loans for Grazing and other shift-in-land-use
projects;" and "Association Irrigation and Drainage loans;" and by removing "and
the Farm Service Agency" and adding "and the Rural Housing Service" in its
place.
§ 1951.202 [Amended]

265. Amend § 1951.202 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and by removing "by
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1951.203 [Amended]

266. Amend § 1951.203(h) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.207 [Amended]

267. Amend § 1951.207 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1951.211, 1951.215, and 1951.216 [Amended]

268. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1951.211;

b. Section 1951.215 introductory text and (a)(2); and

c. Section 1951.216.
§ 1951.220 [Amended]

269. Amend § 1951.220 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural
Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 1951-9" and "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 1951-9" and adding "Form RD 1951-9" in their place;

f. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

h. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

i. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

j. In paragraph (e)(2)(v), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

k. In paragraph (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 as" and adding "Rural Development
as" in its place; and

l. In paragraphs (g) and (h)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.221 [Amended]

270. Amend § 1951.221 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(2)(i)(A), (a)(2)(i)(B), and (a)(2)(i)(C), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(3) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (a)(3)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.222 [Amended]

271. Amend § 1951.222 by:

a. In the introductory text and in paragraphs (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), and
(a)(9), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherver
it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (c)(1) and (c)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(7), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.223 [Amended]

272. Amend § 1951.223 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's security" and adding "Rural Development's security" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 approval" and
adding "Rural Development approval" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (c)(3), (c)(4) introductory text, (c)(4)(i), (c)(4)(ii), and
(c)(4)(iv), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.224 [Amended]

273. Amend § 1951.224 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(1)(iii), (a)(1)(v), and (a)(2)(v), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(2), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (b)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 consent" and adding "Rural Development consent" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

f. In paragraph (e)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.225 [Amended]

274. Amend § 1951.225 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.226 [Amended]

275. Amend § 1951.226 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency underPublic Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(4)(i), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(4)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(5)(i), removing "on FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "on Rural Development" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's advantage" and adding "
Rural Development's advantage" in its place;

f. In paragraphs (b)(5)(ii) and (b)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (c)(1)(iv) through (vii), (c)(2)(i), and (c)(2)(ii), removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs
and adding "Form RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (d)(1) "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its
place;

k. In paragraph (d)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

l. In paragraph (d)(2)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.227 [Amended]

276. Amend § 1951.227 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
§ 1951.230 [Amended]

277. Amend § 1951.230 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's security" and adding "Rural Development's security" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 program" and
adding "Rural Development program" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (a)(3), (a)(4), and (a)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(7), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "to FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in
its place;

e. In paragraph (a)(8), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (a)(9), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 debt" and adding "Rural Development debt" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs
and adding "Form RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (a)(12), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (b) introductory text and (b)(5), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

i. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

k. In paragraph (c)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

l. In paragraph (d) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

m. In paragraph (d)(1)(i):

i. Removing "non-FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
personnel" and adding "non-Rural Development personnel" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

n. In paragraph (d)(1)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

o. In paragraph (d)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

p. In paragraph (d)(5), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

q. In paragraphs (e)(1) and (e)(2)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

r. In paragraph (f)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" wherever it occurs and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

s. In paragraph (f)(5), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "approval by FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "approval by Rural
Development" in its place;

t. In paragraphs (f)(6), (f)(7)(i), and (f)(7)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

u. In paragraph (f)(8), removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place;

v. In paragraph (f)(9), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

w. In paragraph (f)(11), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

x. In paragraphs (f)(12) and (f)(14), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

y. In paragraph (f)(15), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agencyunder Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.231 [Amended]

278. Amend § 1951.231 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(1)(i), (v), and (vii), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1)(vi), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (a)(2), (3), and (4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

e. In paragraphs (c)(3) and (4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (d) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

g. In paragraph (d)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and removing "debt to
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "debt to Rural
Development" in its place.
§§ 1951.232, 1951.240, and 1951.241 [Amended]

279. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1951.232;

b. Section 1951.240; and

c. Section 1951.241.
Subpart F--Analyzing Credit Needs and Graduation of Borrowers
§ 1951.264
[Amended]

280. Amend § 1951.264(a)(2) by removing "1951-F-5" and adding "1951-5" in its
place.
Exhibit B to Subpart F [Amended]

281. In Exhibit B to subpart F, paragraph 15, removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and
removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"by Rural Development" in its place.
Subpart R--Rural Development Loan Servicing
§ 1951.851
[Amended]

282. Amend § 1951.851 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354)" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.852 [Amended]

283. Amend § 1951.852(a)(1), (a)(2), and (a)(9) by removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development loan" in its place.
§§ 1951.866, 1951.883, and 1951.896 [Amended]

284. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1951.866;

b. Section 1951.883; and

c. Section 1951.896.
§ 1951.881 [Amended]

285. Amend § 1951.881 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (d):

i. Removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Administrator" and adding "the Rural Development Under Secretary" in its place;
and

c. In paragraph (e)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.884 [Amended]

286. Amend § 1951.884 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.885 [Amended]

287. Amend § 1951.885 by:

a. In the introductory text and in paragraphs (a)(2), and (b), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "
Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "expose FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "expose Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place; and

iii. Removing "which FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "which Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.889 [Amended]

288. Amend § 1951.889 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 case nunber" and adding "Rural Development case number" in its place.
§ 1951.890 [Amended]

289. Amend § 1951.890 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

d. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 and" and
adding "Rural Development and" in its place; and

e. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 staff" and
adding "Rural Development staff" in its place.
§ 1951.891 [Amended]

290. Amend § 1951.891 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text:

i. Removing "that FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law103-354" and
adding "that Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Should the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Should Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "interests of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "interests of Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and
adding "Rural Development may" in its place;

b. in paragraph (a)(2), removing "as FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "as Rural Development" in its place and removing "by the
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by Rural
Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (a)(3), (e), and (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place.
Part 1955 Property Management

291. The authority citation for part 1955 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--Liquidation of Loans Secured by Real Estate and Acquisition of Real
and Chattel Property
§ 1955.2
[Amended]

292. Amend § 1955.2 by removing "property to FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "property to Rural Development" in its place and
removing "conveyance to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "conveyance to Rural Development and" in its place.
§ 1955.3 [Amended]

293. Amend § 1955.3 by:

a. In the definition of `CONACT or CONACT property', removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the government" in its
place;

b. In the definition of `Government', removing "Farmers Home Administration or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354)," and adding "RBS, RHS, and RUS of the" in its place
and removing "used interchangeably herein with "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354."; and

c. In the definition of `Prior lien', removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 security" and adding "Rural Development security" in
its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
`" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1955.5 [Amended]

294. Amend § 1955.5 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d), removing "(available in any FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office)" and removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1955.10 [Amended]

295. Amend § 1955.10 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. The introductory text;

ii. The heading of paragraph (c);

iii. Paragraph (f) introductory text;

iv. Paragraphs (f)(1) introductory text, (f)(1)(i)(A), (f)(1)(i)(B), (f)(1)(ii),
and (f)(1)(iii);

v. Paragraph (g)(1); and

vi. Paragraphs (h)(1), (h)(2), and (h)(5);

b. In paragraph (a)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 liens" and
adding "Rural Development liens" in its place;

ii. Removing "made by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "made by Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "An FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
official" and adding "A Rural Development official" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), and (d)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (e):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "qualified FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "qualified Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "outside FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "outside Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

f. In paragraphs (h)(4)(i) and (h)(4)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place.
§§ 1955.11 and 1955.12 [Amended]

296. Amend §§ 1955.11 and 1955.12 by removing in their section headings and
wherever else it occurs "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.15 [Amended]

297. Amend § 1955.15 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. The introductory text;

ii. Paragraph (a)(2)(i);

iii. Paragraph (d)(2)(v);

iv. Paragraph (d)(3)(i)(A);

v. Paragraph (d)(6)(i) introductory text;

vi. Paragraphs (f)(1)(i)(C) and (D),

vii. Paragraphs (f)(5)(i)(A) and (B);

viii. Paragraph (f)(5)(ii); and

ix. Paragraphs (f)(7)(i) and (ii).

b. In paragraph (b) introductory text:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

iv. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Forms RD" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan
servicing" and adding "Rural Development loan servicing" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency underPublic Law
103-354" and adding "the government" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d)(1):

i. Removing "whether FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "whether Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan(s)" and
adding "Rural Development loan(s)" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's position"
and adding "Rural Development's position" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 Guide Letters" and adding "Guide Letters" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

f. In paragraphs (d)(4), (e)(2), and (f)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (f)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place;

h. In paragraph (f)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (f)(6):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" wherever
it occurs and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

ii. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 borrower"
and adding "a Rural Development borrower" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 debt" and
adding "Rural Development debt" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines"
and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place;

v. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 appraiser"
and adding "a Rural Development appraiser" in its place;

vi. Removing "outside FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "outside Rural Development" in its place;

vii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

viii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (f)(7) introductory text, removing "an FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 employee" wherever it occurs and adding "a Rural
Development employee" in its place.
§ 1955.18 [Amended]

298. Amend § 1955.18 by:

a. In paragraph (e)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.

c. In paragraph (e)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (e)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

e. In paragraph (e)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

f. In paragraph (e)(4) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.20 [Amended]

299. Amend § 1955.20 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (b)(2):

i. Removing "chattels to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "chattels to Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (b)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

i. In paragraph (d):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "outside FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "outside Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (f)(1) introductory text, removing "an FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place;

k. In paragraphs (f)(1)(ii), and (f)(2)(i), (ii), and (iii), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

l. In paragraph (f)(2)(v), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

m. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

n. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;
§ 1955.22 [Amended]

300. Amend § 1955.22 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 officials"
and adding "Rural Development officials" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD instruction" in its place; and

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
Subpart B--Management of Property
§ 1955.52
[Amended]

301. Amend § 1955.52 by removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "by the respective Agency" in its place and by removing
"Generally, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Generally, RHS" in its place.
§ 1955.53 [Amended]

302. Amend § 1955.53 as follows:

a. In the definition of `CONACT or CONACT property', remove "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and add "the respective Agency" in
its place;

b. In the definition of `Custodial property', remove "an FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and add "a Rural Development loan" in its
place and remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan has
taken" and add "the respective Agency has taken" in its place; and

c. In the definition of `Government', remove "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and add "the respective Agency" in its place.
§ 1955.55 [Amended]

303. Amend § 1955.55 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherevre it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph (b) introductory text;

ii. Paragraph (b)(2) introductory text;

iii. Paragraphs (c) introductory text and (c)(1);

iv. Paragraphs (f)(2)(i) and (ii), and (f)(3);

b. In paragraph (b)(2)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (f) introductory text:

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "through FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "through Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "if FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "if Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
§§ 1955.57, 1955.60, 1955.61, and 1955.82 [Amended]

304. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1955.57;

b. Section 1955.60;

c. Section 1955.61; and

d. Section 1955.82.
§ 1955.62 [Amended]

305. Amend § 1955.62 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 lien" and adding "a Rural Development lien" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official" and
adding "Rural Development official" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(1) and (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;
§ 1955.65 [Amended]

306. Amend § 1955.65 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354";

b. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(1):

i. Removing "which FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "which Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's approval"
and adding "Rural Development's approval" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (c)(2)(i), (ii), and (iii), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its
place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (c)(4):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
wherever it occurs and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in their place.
§ 1955.72 [Amended]

307. Amend § 1955.72(a) and (b) by removing "(available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office)".

308. Amend Exhibit A to subpart B of Part 1955 by revising the heading to read
as follows:
Exhibit A to Subpart B of Part 1955--Memorandum of Understanding Between the
Federal Emergency Management Agency and Rural Development

* * * * *
Subpart C--Disposal of Inventory Property
§ 1955.102
[Amended]

309. Amend § 1955.102 by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354s (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's)" and adding "the applicable" in its place.
§ 1955.103 [Amended]

310. Amend § 1955.103 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following definitions:

i. `Approval official';

ii. `Borrower';

iii. `Decent, safe, and sanitary (DSS) housing';

iv. `Eligible terms';

v. `Participating broker';

vi. `Program terms'; and

vii. `Regular sale';

b. In the definition of `CONACT or CONACT property', removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the respective Agency" in
its place;

c. In the definitions of `Ineligible terms' and `Nonprogram (NP) terms',
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "
Rural Development's" in its place;

d. In the definition of `Inventory property', removing "an FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and adding "a Rural Development loan" in
its place;

e. In the definition of `Nonprogram (NP) property', removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354"; and

f. Removing the definition of "Regular FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 sale", adding a definition for `Regular Agency sale' in alphabetical
order, and revising the definitions of `Suitable property' and `Surplus
property'. The revisions read as follows:
§ 1955.103 Definitions.

* * * * *

Regular Agency sale. Sale made by Rural Deveopment employees or real estate
brokers other than by sealed bid, auction, or negotiation.

* * * * *

Suitable property. Real property that could be used to carry out the objectives
of Rural Development's loan programs with financing provided through that
program.

Surplus property. Property that cannot be used to carry out the objectives of
financing available through the applicable loan program.
§§ 1955.104, 1955.112, 1955.113, 1955.121, 1955.128, 1955.132, 1955.134,
1955.136, and 1955.150 [Amended]

311. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1955.104;

b. Section 1955.112;

c. Section 1955.113;

d. Section 1955.121;

e. Section 1955.128;

f. Section 1955.132;

g. Section 1955.134;

h. Section 1955.136(a)(2); and

i. Section 1955.150.
§ 1955.105 [Amended]

312. Amend § 1955.105 by:

a. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Services"
and adding "RD Services" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (c) introductory text, (c)(1), (c)(3), and (d), removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development"
in its place.
§ 1955.109 [Amended]

313. Amend § 1955.109 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing the second and third sentences; and

b. In paragraphs (g) and (j), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1955.114 [Amended]

314. Amend § 1955.114 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text and (a)(1)(v), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "unless FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "unless Rural Development"
in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(3)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding Rural Development" in its place

e. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employee"
and adding "Rural Development employee" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

f. In paragraphs (c) introductroy text and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.115 [Amended]

315. Amend § 1955.115 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 DSS" and
adding "Rural Development DSS" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-35" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (a)(3), and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-35" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.116 [Amended]

316. Amend § 1955.116 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "which FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has"
and adding "which Rural Development has" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Contact FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Contact Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "through Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "through Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

d. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.117 [Amended]

317. Amend § 1955.117 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 sales" and adding "Rural
Development sales" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "The FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (e) and (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.118 [Amended]

318. Amend § 1955.118 by:

a. In paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(11), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (b)(7) and (b)(8)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.119 [Amended]

319. Amend § 1955.119 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development will" in its
place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines"
and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1955.120 [Amended]

320. Amend § 1955.120 by:

a. Removing "non-FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "non-Rural Development" in its place;

b. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

c. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

d. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official" and
adding "Rural Development official'' in its place.
§ 1955.122 [Amended]

321. Amend § 1955.122 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "of the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of the Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Form" and
adding "Rural Development Form" in its place; and

iv. Removing "in FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "in Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (f), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place;

f. In the undesignated paragraph following paragraph (f):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place.

322. Revise § 1955.123(a) to read as follows:
§ 1955.123 Sale procedures (chattel).

(a) Credit sales. Although cash sales are preferred in the sale of chattel,
credit sales may be used advantageously in the sale of chattels to eligible
purchasers and to facilitate sales of high-priced chattels. Credit sales to
eligible purchasers will be in accordance with the provisions of this chapter
for the appropriate program for which a loan would otherwise be made including
eligibility determinations. Preference will be given to a cash offer that is at
least * percent of the higher offer requiring credit. [*Refer to exhibit B of RD
Instruction 440.1 (available in any Rural Development office) for the current
percentage.] Credit sales made to ineligible purchasers will require not less
than a 10 percent downpayment with the remaining balance amortized over a period
not to exceed 5 years. The interest rate for ineligible purchasers of C&BP
chattel will be the current ineligible interest rate for C&BP property set forth
in Exhibit B of RD Instruction 440.1 (available in any Rural Development
office). District Directors and State Directors are authorized to approve or
disapprove sale of C&BP chattel on ineligible terms in accordance with the
respective type of program approval authorities in Exhibit E of Subpart A of
Part 1901 of this chapter (available in any Rural Development office). For other
than C&BP, credit sales to NP purchasers will be handled in accordance with
Subpart J of Part 1951 of this chapter.

* * * * *
§ 1955.124 [Amended]

323. Amend §§ 1955.124 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1955.127 [Amended]

324. Amend § 1955.127 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and by removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place.
§ 1955.130 [Amended]

325. Amend § 1955.130 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" wherever it occurs and adding
"Rural Development office" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and "Rural Development" in its
place;

g. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.

h. In paragraph (f)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

i. In paragraph (f)(3):

i. Removing "receiving FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "receiving Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "appropriate FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "appropriate Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 shall" and adding "Rural Development shall" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs
and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1955.131 [Amended]

326. Amend § 1955.131 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may not" and
adding "Rural Development may not" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official"
and adding "Rural Development official" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1955.133 [Amended]

327. Amend § 1955.133 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "if FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "if Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its
place; and

b. In paragraphs (b) and (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.135 [Amended]

328. Amend § 1955.135 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "Where FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Where Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "between Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
1955-45 or FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Forms RD 1955-45 or RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "paid by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "paid by Rural Development" in its place; and

v. Removing "proceeds FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "proceeds Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 credit" and adding "Rural Development credit" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural
Development's" in its place.
§ 1955.138 [Amended]

329. Amend § 1955.138 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1955.139 [Amended]

330. Amend § 1955.139 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(3)(iii), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3)(iv), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

c. In paragraphs (a)(3)(v) and (vi), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.144 [Amended]

331. Amend § 1955.144(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in their place.
§ 1955.146 [Amended]

332. Amend § 1955.146(a) by:

a. Removing "sold by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "sold by Rural Development" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
wherever it occurs and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

d. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1955-40
or FmHA or itssuccessor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Forms RD
1955-40 or RD" in its place;

f. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place; and

g. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may contract"
and adding "Rural Development may contract" in its place.
§ 1955.147 [Amended]

333. Amend § 1955.147 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "all FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "all Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "payable to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "payable to Rural Development" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (d) and (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
Part 1956 Debt Settlement

334. The authority citation for part 1956 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 31 U.S.C. 3711; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart C--Debt Settlement--Community and Business Programs
§ 1956.102
[Amended]

335. Amend § 1956.102(a) by removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354)" and adding "the government" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel" and adding "Rural
Development personnel" in their place.

336. Revise § 1956.105(a), (f), (g), and (h) to read as follows:
§ 1956.105 Definitions.

(a) Settlement. The compromise, adjustment, cancellation, or chargeoff of a debt
owed to Rural Development. The term "settlement" is used for convenience in
referring to compromise, adjustment, cancellation, or chargeoff actions,
individually or collectively.

* * * * *

(f) Debtor. The borrower of loan funds under any of Rural Development programs
specified in § 1956.101.

(g) Security. All that serves as collateral for Rural Development loan(s),
including, but not limited to, revenues, tax levies, municipal bonds, and real
and chattel property.

(h) Servicing official. The Rural Development official who is primarily
responsible for servicing the account.

* * * * *
§§ 1956.109, 1956.110, 1956.130, 1956.138, 1956.142, and 1956.148 [Amended]

337. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "RD" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1956.109(f);

b. Section 1956.110;

c. Section 1956.130;

d. Section 1956.138;

e. Section 1956.142(f); and

f. Section 1956.148.
§ 1956.111 [Amended]

338. Amend § 1956.111 introductory text and paragraph (a) by removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place.
§ 1956.112 [Amended]

339. Amend § 1956.112(d) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1956.139 [Amended]

340. Amend § 1956.139 by:

a. In paragraph (d) introductory text:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "Compromise Offer--FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Compromise Offer--Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Adjustment Offer--FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Adjustment Offer--Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (d)(1) and (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1956.143 [Amended]

341. Amend § 1956.143 by:

a. In paragraph (a),

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following definitions:

A. `Debt writedown';

B. `Delinquent debtor';

C. `Eligibility'; and

D. `Operations review'; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place in the definition of `Net recovery
value';

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Devleopment office" in its place in the
following places:

i. Paragraph (b) introductory text;

ii. Paragraphs (c)(1), (c)(3)(ii)(B), and (c)(3)(iv)(E)(1);

iii. Paragraphs (e)(1) introductory text, (e)(1)(iii), (e)(2) introductory text,
and (e)(2)(ii)(A);

iv. Paragraphs (f)(1) and (2);

v. Paragraph (g)(1) introductory text; and

vi. Paragraph (h).

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraphs (b)(3), (b)(6), and (b)(8);

ii. Paragraphs (c)(3)(i)(A) and (c)(3)(ii)(C);

iii. Paragraphs (e)(1)(i), (e)(2)(i), and (e)(2)(ii)(B); and

iv. Paragraph (g)(1)(ii);

d. In paragraphs (b)(7) and (c)(3)(iv)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "to
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural
Development" in its place;

f. In paragraphs (c)(3)(ii)(B) and (c)(3)(iv)(B)(1), removing "FmHA or
itssuccessor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD
Instruction" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(3)(iv)(G)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 approval" and adding "Rural
Development approval" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (d)(2), (f)(2), and (g)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's approval" and adding "Rural Development's approval" in its place
and removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (e)(2)(ii)(A):

i. Removing "pay FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "pay Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "inform FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "inform Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "pay off FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "pay off Rural Development" in its place;

k. In paragraph (f)(1):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 is" and
adding "Rural Development is" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

l. In paragraph (g)(1) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 becomes" and
adding "Rural Development becomes" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place; and

m. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 determines" and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place.

342. Revise § 1956.145 to read as follows:
§ 1956.145 Disposition of essential Rural Development records.

RD Instruction 2033-A (available in any Rural Development office) identifies an
"essential Rural Development record" as the original of any document or record
which provides evidence of indebtedness or obligation to RD and includes, but is
not limited to: promissory notes, assumption agreements and valuable documents,
such as bonds fully registered as to principal and interest.

(a) Essential Rural Development records evidencing debts settled by compromise,
completed adjustment or cancelled with application will be returned to the
debtor or to the debtors' legal representative. The appropriate legend, such as
"Satisfied by Approved Compromise," and the date of the final action will be
stamped or typed on the original document. This same information plus the date
the original document is returned to the debtor will be shown on a copy to be
placed in the debtor's case folder.

(b) Essential Rural Development records evidencing debts cancelled without
application will be placed in the debtor's case folder and disposed of pursuant
to RD Instruction 2033-A (available in any Rural Development office). However,
if the debtor requests the document(s), they must be stamped "Satisfied by
Approved Cancellation" and returned.

(c) Essential Rural Development records evidencing charged off debts will be
retained in the servicing office and will not be stamped or returned to the
debtor. They will be destroyed six years after chargeoff pursuant to RD
Instruction 2033-A (available in any Rural Development office).
§ 1956.147 [Amended]

343. Amend § 1956.147 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354";

c. In paragraph (b), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "owed FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "owed Rural Development"
in its place; and

d. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
Part 1957 Asset Sales

344. The authority citation for part 1957 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Pub. L. 99-509, sec 2001(b)(1).
Subpart A--Rural Housing Asset Sales
§ 1957.1 [Amended]

345. Amend § 1957.1 by:

a. Removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Housing Service (RHS)" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "RHS" in its place; and

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"RHS's" in its place.
§§ 1957.2 and 1957.6 [Amended]

346. Amend §§ 1957.2 and 1957.6 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RHS" in its place.
Part 1962 Personal Property

347. The authority citation for part 1962 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--Servicing and Liquidation of Chattel Security
§ 1962.1
[Amended]

348. Amend § 1962.1 by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354)" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.2 [Amended]

349. Amend § 1962.2 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.3 [Amended]

350. Amend § 1962.3 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.4 [Amended]

351. Amend § 1962.4 by:

a. In the definition of `Acquired chattel property,' removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the government" in its
place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "RuralDevelopment" in its place in the following definitions:

i. `Basic security';

ii. `Criminal action';

iii. 'Default'; and

iv. `Liquidation'.

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place in the following definitions:

i. `Civil action' and

ii. `Repossed property'.

d. Removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in
the definition of `Normal income security'.
§§ 1962.6, 1962.16, 1962.26, 1962.27, 1962.34, 1962.41, 1962.44, and 1962.46
[Amended]

352. Remove "Form FmHA" and "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever they occur and adding "Form RD" in their place in the
following places:

a. Section 1962.6;

b. Section 1962.16;

c. Section 1962.26;

d. Section 1962.27(c) introductory text and (d);

e. Section 1962.34(b)(3);

f. Section 1962.41;

g. Section 1962.44; and

h. Section 1962.46.
§ 1962.8 [Amended]

353. Amend § 1962.8 by removing "protect FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "protect Rural Development" in its place and by
removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"a Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.17 [Amended]

354. Amend § 1962.17 by removing "Form FmHA" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place and by removing "The FmHA has" in paragraph (d)(2)(ii) and
adding "Rural Development has" in its place.
§ 1962.18 [Amended]

355. Amend § 1962.18 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 1962.1" and adding "the applicable Agency form" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b)(1), by:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1962-1"
and adding "the applicable Agency form" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 431-2" and
adding "RD 431-2" in its place; and

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.19 [Amended]

356. Amend § 1962.19 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 holds" and adding "Rural Development holds" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "
Rural Development's" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.27 [Amended]

357. Amend § 1962.27 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 has" and adding "Rural Development has" in its place and removing
"borrower non FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"borrower nor Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (c)(1) and (c)(2) "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (e), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Form RD" in its place.
§ 1962.29 [Amended]

358. Amend § 1962.29 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "accepted by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "accepted by Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "paid by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354,
the County Supervisor may pay them as a petty purchase or as the bill of a
creditor of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 in accordance
with FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instructions 2024-E,
copies of which are available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office." and adding "paid by Rural Development, the field office may
pay them in accordance to RD Instruction 2024-A, Exhibit D, Program Loan Cost
Expenses." in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(2) and (a)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (b)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1962.34 [Amended]

359. Amend § 1962.34 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 410-1,
"Application for FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Services," and adding "Form RD 410-1, "Application for RD Services," in its
place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354office" and
adding "RD office" in its place; and
§ 1962.40 [Amended]

360. Amend § 1962.40(e)(1)(ii) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1962.41 [Amended]

361. Amend § 1962.41 by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and "Form FmHA" wherever they occur and adding "Form RD" in their
place.
§ 1962.42 [Amended]

362. Amend § 1962.42 by:

a. In paragraphs (b)(2) and (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354";

b. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "by FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by Rural Development" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 employee" and adding "Rural Development employee" in its place;

d. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place, and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" wherever it occurs
and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraphs (c)(4)(ii) and (c)(6)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "RD" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraphs (c)(5)(i) introductory text, (c)(5)(i)(A), (c)(5)(i)(B), and
(c)(5)(ii);

ii. Paragraph (c)(6)(ii) introductory text;

iii. Paragraph (c)(6)(ii)(A); and

iv. Paragraph (c)(7);

g. In paragraph (c)(8):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "and Rural Development" in its place; and

h. In paragraph (d), removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.45 [Amended]

363. Amend § 1962.45 by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and by removing "by FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by Rural Development" in
its place.
§ 1962.49 [Amended]

364. Amend § 1962.49 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. The introductory text;

ii. Paragraphs (b)(1)(v), (b)(2)(i), and (b)(2)(ii);

iii. Paragraphs (b)(3) introductory text and (b)(3)(i) through (b)(3)(iv);

iv. Paragraph (c) introductory text; and

v. Paragraphs (e)(2) introductory text, (e)(2)(i), and (e)(3) introductory text;

b. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 staff" and
adding "Rural Development staff" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "interests of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "interests of Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(1)(vi), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

f. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place and removing "wh=n
applicable" and adding "when applicable" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(3)(i):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 455-1" and
adding "RD 455-1" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 455-2" and
adding "RD 455-2" in its place;

iii. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employee"
and adding "Rural Development employee" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employees"
and adding "Rural Development employees" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (c)(3)(ii) introductory text and (e)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (c)(3)(ii)(A), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and
removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"by Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (c)(3)(ii)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

k. In paragraph (d), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 field office" wherever it occurs and
adding "Rural Development field office" in its place;

l. In paragraph (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 1951-9, Annual "Statement of Loan Account," and adding
"RD 1951-9, "Annual Statement of Loan Account," in its place; and

m. In paragraph (e)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 field office" wherever it occurs and
adding "Rural Development field office" in its place.
Part 1980 General

365. The authority citation for part 1980 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart E also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1932(a).
Subpart E--Business and Industrial Loan Program
§ 1980.401
[Amended]

366. Amend § 1980.401(d) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.

367. Revise § 1980.405 to read as follows:
§ 1980.405 Rural areas.

The business financed with a B&I loan must be located in a rural area. Loans to
borrowers with facilities located in both rural and non-rural areas will be
limited to the amount necessary to finance the facility located in the eligible
rural area. Cooperatives that are headquartered in a non-rural area may be
eligible for a B&I loan if the loan is used for a project or venture that is
located in a rural area. Rural areas are any areas other than a city or town
that has a population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants; and the urbanized area
contiguous and adjacent to such a city or town, as defined by the U.S. Bureau of
the Census. For the purpose of this section:

(a) The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census of
the United States (decennial Census). If the applicable population figure cannot
be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the
applicable population figure based on available population data; and

(b) An urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in the most
recent decennial Census or other Agency-accepted data source if not defined in
the most recent decennial Census.
§ 1980.411 [Amended]

368. Amend § 1980.411 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(7) and (a)(11) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(12):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "to Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (a)(13), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.412 [Amended]

369. Amend § 1980.412 by removing in the Administrative text at the end of the
section "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354".
§ 1980.413 [Amended]

370. Amend § 1980.413(a) introductory text by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place.
§ 1980.414 [Amended]

371. Amend § 1980.414 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "to FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "to
Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.419 [Amended]

372. Amend § 1980.419 by removing from paragraph C. of the Admnistrative text
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 National Office" and
adding "Rural Development National Office" in its place and by removing "Form
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in
its place.
§ 1980.420 [Amended]

373. Amend § 1980.420 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 informs" and
adding "Rural Development informs" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines"
and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place.
§ 1980.423 [Amended]

374. Amend § 1980.423 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text and (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development review" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 conditional Commitment For Guarantee," and adding "Form RD 449-14,
"Conditional Commitment for Guarantee," in its place and removing "Form FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-14" and adding "Form RD
449-14" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (a)(5), (a)(6) introductory text, and (b)(1), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "
Rural Development review" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

e. In the Administrative text at the end of the section, removing "Form FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Rural Development loan" in its place.
§ 1980.424 [Amended]

375. Amend § 1980.424 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b) and (c), removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In the Administrative text at the end of the section, in its introductory
text and paragraphs A.3 and 5, B.2 and 4, and C, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place.
§§ 1980.432 and 1980.433 [Amended]

376. Amend §§ 1980.432 and 1980.433 by removing in the Administrative text at
the end of the sections "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1980.434 [Amended]

377. Amend § 1980.434 by removing in the Administrative text at the end of the
section "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Official" and
adding "Rural Development official" in its place.
§ 1980.442 [Amended]

378. Amend § 1980.442 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "and Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.443 [Amended]

379. Amend § 1980.443 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. In paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(4)(i) introductory text, (a)(4)(i)(A)(4),
(a)(4)(i)(B), (a)(4)(i)(C), and (a)(4)(ii); and

ii. In paragraphs (b)(1), (b)(2) introductory text, (b)(2)(i), (b)(5), (b)(6),
and (b)(7)(iii); and

b. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" from
paragraph A introductory text and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 at its" from
paragraph A.3 and adding "Rural Development at its" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official"
from paragraph A.3 and adding "Rural Development official" in its place.
§ 1980.444 [Amended]

380. Amend § 1980.444(b) and (e) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.451 [Amended]

381. Amend § 1980.451 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "desiring FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 assistance" and adding "desiring assistance" in its place;
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "between Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iv. Removing "SBA and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "the Small Business Administration and the U.S. Department of Agriculture
Rural Development (Business and Industrial Loans)" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (d) introductory text, (d)(1), (d)(3) introductory text,
(d)(3)(iii) introductory text, and (d)(3)(iv)(A), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d)(3)(v):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354-assisted" and
adding "Rural Development-assisted" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loans" and
adding "Rural Development loans" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 funds" and
adding "Rural Development funds" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will
consider" and adding "Rural Development will consider" in its place;

f. Revising paragraph (d)(3)(vi);

g. In paragraph (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

h. In paragraph (f)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (f)(3):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-4"
wherever it occurs and adding "RD 449-4" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "result in FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "result in Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place, and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "
Rural Development's" in its place;

k. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will submit Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
449-22" and adding "Rural Development will submit Form RD 449-22" in its place;

l. In paragraphs (i)(1), (i)(2), (i)(3), and (i)(10), removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

m. In paragraphs (i)(7), (i)(9), (i)(13)(viii), (i)(13)(x), and (i)(15),
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "
Rural Development" in its place;

n. In paragraph (i)(13) introductory text, removing "FmHA" wherever it occurs
and adding "RD" in its place;

o. In paragraph (i)(18)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 solicits" and adding "Rural Development solicits" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

p. In paragraph (i)(18)(ii):

i. Removing "If FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "If Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

q. In paragraph (i)(19), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

r. In paragraphs (j) and (k), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

s. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs A.3 through 5, A.6(a) through (c), and B.3(b)
and (c), and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 with" in
paragraphs A.3 and 4 and adding "Rural Development with" in its place;

iii. Removing "whom FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph A.4 and adding "whom Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
wherever it occurs inparagraphs A.5 and B.5 and adding "RD Instruction" in its
place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-4" in
paragraph A.6(c) and the note to paragraph A.6 and adding "RD 449-4" in its
place;

vi. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
the note to paragraph A.6 and adding "Forms RD" in its place;

vii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
449-29, "Project Summary--Business Industrial Loan Division," in paragraph
B.3.(b) and adding "A Project Summary" in its place;

viii. Removing "Copy of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
in paragraph B.3.(d) and adding "Copy of Rural Development" in its place;

ix. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" in
paragraph B.5 and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

x. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employees" in
paragraph B.5 and adding "Rural Development employees" in its place;

xi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" in
paragraph B.5 and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

xii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 position"
in paragraph B.5 and adding "Rural Development position" in its place;

xiii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 urges" in
paragraph B.6 and adding "Rural Development urges" in its place;

xiv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 audit" in
paragraph B.6 and adding "Rural Development audit" in its place;

xv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs in the Description of Record or Form Number and Title table at the end of
the Administrative text section and adding "RD" in its place; and

xvi. Removing "449-29" in the Description of Record or Form Number and Title
table at the end of the Administrative text section and adding "449-29
(obsolete)" in its place.

The revision reads as follows:
§ 1980.451 Filing and processing applications.

* * * * *

(d) * * *

(3) * * *

(vi) Indexation. When current annual data are not available to determine a
State's nonmetropolitan household income for purposes of the calculations
described in paragraph (d)(3)(iii) of this section, indexation of census data is
necessary. The State Director will use the figure from the 5-year data from the
American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data,
increased by a factor representing the increase since the year of that census in
the Consumer Price Index ("CPI-U"). That factor shall be furnished annually by
the National Office, Rural Development.

* * * * *
§ 1980.452 [Amended]

382. Amend § 1980.452 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 evaluation"
from the section heading and adding "Rural Development evaluation" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will"
wherever it occurs in the introductory text and adding "Rural Development will"
in its place;

c. Removing "If FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs in the introductory text and adding "If Rural Development" in its
place;

d. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in the introductory text and adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" in the
introductory text, and adding "Rural Development State" in its place; and

f. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" in
paragraph D. introductory text, and adding "a Rural Development State" in its
place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs D. introductory text, D.6 introductory text,
D.6.a, b, and d, and d.7, and adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employees"
in paragraph D. introductory text and adding "Rural Development employees" in
its place;

iv. Removing "non-FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D.2 and adding "non-Rural Development" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
in paragraphs D.2 and D.6.d and e, and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" in
paragraphs D.2 and D.6.d and e, and "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in their place;

vii. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State"
in paragraphs D. introductory text and D.3 and adding "the Rural Development
State" in its place;

viii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 programs"
wherever it occurs in paragraph D.3 and adding "Rural Development programs" in
its place;

ix. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 as a" in
paragraph D.3 and adding "Rural Development as a" in its place;

x. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 case" in
paragraph D.6 introductory text and adding "Rural Development case" in its
place; and

xi. Removing "Legislative Affairs and Public Information staff in the National
Office" in paragraph D.6.d and adding "Legislative and Public Affairs Staff in
the Rural Development National Office" in its place.
§ 1980.453 [Amended]

383. Amend § 1980.453 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place; and

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-29"
and adding "the Project Summary" in its place; and

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "2. A copy of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 State Loan Review BoardMinutes" and adding "3. A copy of Rural
Development State Loan Review Board Minutes" in its place.
§ 1980.454 [Amended]

384. Amend § 1980.454 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "provide FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "provide Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "approved by Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "approved by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 National Office" and adding "approved by the National Office" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"intent of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"intent of Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (e) and (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

e. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "Inspection Reports" in paragraph A.2 and adding "Inspection
Report" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
in paragraph C. and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place; and

iv. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph F. and adding "by Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.469 [Amended]

385. Amend § 1980.469 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 of" and adding "Rural Development (RD) of" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(1), (c) introductory text, and (c)(1), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place; and

c. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" in the introductory text and
adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any RD office)" in its place;

ii. Removing "which FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph B.1 and adding "which Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph B.1 and adding "approved by Rural Development" in its
place;

iv. Removing "the time FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs B.2 and C.4 and adding "the time Rural
Development" in its place;

v. Removing "occurs FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph B.2 and adding "occurs Rural Development" in its place;

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
in paragraph B.3 and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

vii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" in
paragraph B.3 and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

viii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 staff" in
paragraph B.3 and adding "Rural Development staff" in its place;

ix. Removing "If FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraphs B.3 and 5 and adding "If Rural Development" in its place;

x. Removing "claim to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs B.3 and 4 and adding "claim to Rural
Development" in its place;

xi. Removing "guaranteed by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph B.3 and adding "guaranteed by Rural Development" in its
place;

xii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 was
deceived" in paragraph B.6 and adding "Rural Development was deceived" in its
place;

xiii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 could
then" in paragraph B.7 and adding "Rural Development could then" in its place;

xiv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
in paragraph C.2 and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place;

xv. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraphs C.3.(d) and C.4 and adding "Form RD" in its place;

xvi. Removing "noted by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
in paragraph C.4 and adding "noted by Rural Development" in its place;

xvii. Removing "statements for FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph C.5 and adding "statements for Rural Development" in its
place;

xviii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 in turn"
in paragraph C.5 and adding "Rural Development in turn" in its place;

xix. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" in
paragraph C.5 and adding "Rural Development's" in its place; and

xx. Removing "borrower and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph C.6 and adding "borrower, and Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1980.470 [Amended]

386. Amend the Administrative text at the end of § 1980.470 by:

a. Removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" from the introductory text
and adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

b. Removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph A. and adding "by the Rural Development" in its place;

c. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph A. and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

d. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraphs B. and D. and adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. Removing "risks of the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
in paragraph B. and adding "risks of Rural Development" in its place;

f. Removing "the lender and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph B. and adding "the lender and Rural Development" in its
place;

g. Removing "when FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D. and adding "when Rural Development" in its place;

h. Removing "will FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 endorse"
in paragraph D. and adding "will Rural Development endorse" in its place; and

i. Removing "assist FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph F. and adding "assist Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.471 [Amended]

387. Amend § 1980.471 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart
(available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)"
and adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(1) and (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel" in
paragraph A. and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" in
paragraph B. and adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

iii. Removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph B. and adding "between Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 consider" in
paragraph B. and adding "Rural Development consider" in its place;

v. Removing "When FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
liquidates," in paragraph B. and adding "When Rural Development liquidates," in
its place;

vi. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs B. and E. and adding "Form RD" in its place;

vii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 is" in
paragraph D. and adding "Rural Development is" in its place;

viii. Removing "499-30" in paragraph E. and adding "449-30" in its place;

ix. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 to" in
paragraph F. and adding "by Rural Development to" in its place; and

x. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 guaranteed
loan" in paragraph F. and adding "Rural Development guaranteed loan" in its
place.
§ 1980.472 [Amended]

388. Amend § 1980.472 by removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart
(available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)"
and adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place.
§ 1980.473 [Amended]

389. Amend § 1980.473 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1980.475 [Amended]

390. Amend § 1980.475 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's opinion, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Rural Development's opinion, Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" in the introductory text and
adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

ii. Removing "that FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph A. and adding "that Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "advising FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
in paragraph F. and adding "advising Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 servicing"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs F. and H. and adding "Rural Development
servicing" in its place; and

v. Removing "actions FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph H. and adding "actions Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.476 [Amended]

391. Amend § 1980.476 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "
Rural Development" in its place wherever it occurs in the following places:

i. Paragraph (a);

i. Paragraphs (e) introductory text, (e)(1), (e)(2), (g)(2)(i), and (g)(2)(iii);

ii. Paragraph (h);

iii. Paragraph (i);

iv. Paragraph (j);

v. Paragraph (l);

vi. Paragraph (m) introductory text; and

vii. Paragraph (n);

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (p), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"Form 449-30" and adding "Form RD 449-30" in its place; and

d. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" and adding "Refer to RD
Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property Management Guide
(available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 file" in
paragraph B. and adding "Rural Development file" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph B. wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1980.481 [Amended]

392. Amend § 1980.481 introductory text by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1980.488 [Amended]

393. Amend § 1980.488(a) and (b), and the administrative text at the end of the
section by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.490 [Amended]

394. Amend § 1980.490 by:

a. In paragraphs (d)(1) through (d)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

b. In paragraph (f)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (f)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-29"
and adding "the Project Summary" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (f)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development will" in its
place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
1980-48" and adding "Form 1980-48" in its place;

e. In paragraph (f)(4):

i. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
1980-23, "Request for Business and Industry Interest Buydown Payment," and
adding "Form RD 1980-24, "Request Interest Assistance/Interest Rate Buydown
Subsidy Payment to Guaranteed Loan Lender," in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 servicing
office" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development servicing office" in
its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations"
and adding "Rural Development regulations" in its place; and

v. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1980-48"
and adding "Form 1980-48" in its place;

f. In paragraph (g), removing "When FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "When Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1980-23" and adding "Form
RD 1980-24" in its place;

g. In paragraphs (n) introductory text, (n)(4), and (n)(5), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (p)(4) introductory text and (p)(5)(iii), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

i. In paragraph (p)(4)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 1980-25, "Farmer Programs Applications," or FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-1" and adding "Form RD 449-1" in
its place.

395. Revise § 1980.495 to read as follows:
§ 1980.495 RD forms and guides.

The following RD forms and guides, as applicable, are used in connection with
processing B&I, D&D, and DARBE loan guarantees; they are incorporated in this
subpart and made a part hereof:

(a) Form RD 449-1. "Application for Loan and Guarantee" is referred to as
"Appendix A," or successor form,

(b) The "Certificate of Incumbency and Signature" or successor form,

(c) "Guidelines for Loan Guarantees for Alcohol Fuel Production Facilities" is
referred to as "Appendix C."

(d) "Alcohol Production Facilities Planning, Performing, Development and Project
Control" is referred to as "Appendix D."

(e) "Environmental Assessment Guidelines" is referred to as "Appendix E."

(f) Form RD 449-14, "Conditional Commitment for Guarantee," or successor form.

(g) "Liquidation and Property Management Guide" as found in RD Instruction
1980-E Appendix G.

(h) "Suggested Format for the Opinion of the Lender's Legal Counsel" is referred
to as "Appendix H."

(i) "Instructions for Loan Guarantees for Drought and Disaster Relief" and Forms
RD 1980-68, "Lender's Agreement--Drought and Disaster Guaranteed Loans,"
1980-69, "Loan Note Guarantee--Drought and Disaster Guaranteed Loans," and
1980-70, "Assignment Guarantee Agreement--Drought and Disaster Guaranteed
Loans," or their successor forms.

(j) [Reserved]

(k) "Regulations for Loan Guarantees for Disaster Assistance for Rural Business
Enterprises" and Forms RD 1980-71, "Lender's Agreement--Disaster Assistance for
Rural Business Enterprises Guaranteed Loans," 1980-72 "Loan Note
Guarantee--Disaster Assistance for Rural Business Enterprises Guaranteed Loans,"
and 1980-73 "Assignment Guarantee Agreement--Disaster Assistance for Rural
Business Enterprises Guaranteed Loans" or their successor forms.
§ 1980.497 [Amended]

396. Amend § 1980.497 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart
(available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)"
and adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a), (b) introductory text, (c), and (d)(1), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "
Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (b)(2) introductory text and (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in
its place;

d. In paragraphs (d)(2) and (d)(7) through (d)(9), removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;
and

e. In paragraph (f):

i. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "BENEFIT OF FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "benefit of RURAL DEVELOPMENT" in its place; and

iii. Removing "UNDER FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "UNDER RURAL DEVELOPMENT" in its place.
§ 1980.498 [Amended]

397. Amend § 1980.498 by:

a. In paragraphs (k) introductory text, (k)(4), and (k)(5), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (m)(5) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (m)(5)(iii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 410-1, "Application for FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 Services," or Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 449-1" and adding "Form RD 449-1" in its place.
Appendices A and B to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Removed and Reserved]

398. Appendices A and B to Subpart E of Part 1980 are removed and reserved.
Appendix D to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended]

399. Amend Appendix D to Subpart E of Part 1980 by removing:

a. "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354)" in paragraph
(I)(B) and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs in
paragraphs (I)(B)(2)(a), (II)(A)(2)(g)(ii), (III)(A)(2), (III)(E) introductory
text, (III)(E)(2), (III)(G), (IV)(A), and (IV)(B)(1) and adding "Rural
Development" in its place; and

c. "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in paragraph
(IV)(B)(3) and adding "Form RD" in its place.
Appendix E to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended]

400. Amend Appendix E to Subpart E of Part 1980 by removing:

a. "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's position" in
paragraph (I) and adding "Rural Development's position" in its place;

b. "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 action" in
paragraph (II) and adding "a Rural Development action" in its place; and

c. "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 action" wherever
it occurs in paragraph (II) and adding "the Rural Development action" in its
place;

d. "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 project" in paragraph
(IV)(2) and adding "Rural Development project" in its place;

e. "or FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in paragraph
(XIII) and adding "or Rural Development" in its place; and

f. "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in paragraph
(XVII) and adding "by Rural Development" in its place.
Appendix F to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Removed and Reserved]

401. Appendix F to subpart E of Part 1980 is removed and reserved.

402. Amend Appendix I to Subpart E of Part 1980 by:

a. Removing ", and appear in theFederal Registerfollowing the body of this
appendix as Exhibits A, B, and C in the following order" in paragraph A.
introductory text;

b. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraphs X.D and X.F and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. Removing "will be used" in paragraphs A.(1) through (3), IV., and E.1 and 2,
and adding "or successor form will be used" in its place;

d. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will not" in
paragraph D. introductory text, and adding "Rural Development will not" in its
place;

e. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D.(2) and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

f. Removing "are FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph J. and adding "are Rural Development" in its place;

g. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" in
paragraph J. and adding "Rural Development has" in its place; and

h. Removing Exhibits A through C.
Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended]

403. Amend Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980 by:

a. Removing ", and appear in theFederal Registerfollowing the body of this
appendix as exhibits A, B, and C in the following order" in the introductory
text;

b. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs A.(1) through (3) and G. and adding "Form RD"
in its place;

c. Removing "will be used" in paragraphs A.(1) thorugh (3) and adding "or
successor form will be used" in its place;

d. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 insruction" wherever
they occur in paragraphs B. through F., H., J., and K. and adding "RD
Instruction" in their place;

e. Removing "other FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354-type
farm loan" in paragraph C. and adding "other Rural Development-type farm loan"
in its place;

f. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" in
paragraph D. and adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

g. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D. and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

h. Removing "will FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D. and adding "will Rural Development" in its place;

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" in
paragraph F. and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

j. Removing "Guarantee DARBE," issued on" in paragraph G. and adding "Guarantee
DARBE, " (or successor form) issued on" in its place;

k. Removing "are FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph J. and adding "are Rural Development" in its place;

l. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 guaranteed
loans" in paragraph J. and adding "Rural Development guaranteed loans" in its
place;

m. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "Rural Development has" in paragraph J. in its place; and

n. Removing Exhibits A through C.
Exhibit G to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended]

404. Amend the Note to Exhibit G to Subpart E of Part 1980 by removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place.
CHAPTER XXXV--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
Part 3550 Direct Single Family Housing Loans and Grants

405. The authority citation for part 3550 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart C--Section 504 Origination and Section 306C Water and Waste Disposal
Grants
§ 3550.103
[Amended]

406. Amend § 3550.103(g) by removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its place.

407. In § 3550.116, revise paragraph (c) to read as follows:
§ 3550.116 Definitions applicable to WWD grants only.

* * * * *

(c) Rural areas. Includes unincorporated areas and any city or town with a
population not in excess of 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is
obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data.

* * * * *
Part 3560 Direct Multi Family Housing Loans and Grants

408. The authority citation for part 3560 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--General Provisions and Definitions
§ 3560.11
[Amended]

409. In § 3560.11, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 3560.11 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area. An area classified as a rural area prior to October 1, 1990, (even
if within a Metropolitan Statistical Area), and any area deemed to be a `rural
area' under any other provision of law at any time during the period beginning
January 1, 2000, and ending December 31, 2010, shall continue to be so
classified until the receipt of data from the decennial census in the year 2020
if such area has a population exceeding 10,000, but not in excess of 35,000, is
rural in character, and has a serious lack of mortgage credit for low- and
moderate-income families.

* * * * *
Subpart B--Direct Loan and Grant Origination
§ 3560.57
[Amended]

410. Amend § 3560.57(c) by removing "most recent census data, or" and adding
"most recent decennial Census of the United States, or" in its place.
Part 3570 Community Programs

411. The authority citation for part 3570 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.

412. Revise § 3570.51(h) to read as follows:
§ 3570.51 General.

* * * * *

(h) The income data used to determine median household income must be that which
accurately reflects the income of the population to be served by the proposed
facility. The median household income of the service area and the
nonmetropolitan median household income for the State will be determined using
5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other
Census Bureau data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census
Bureau data does not accurately represent the median household income within the
area to be served, this will be documented and the applicant may furnish, or RD
may obtain, additional information regarding such median household income data.
Information must consist of reliable data from local, regional, State, or
Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source.

* * * * *

413. In § 3570.53, revise the definition of "Rural and rural area" to read as
follows:
§ 3570.53 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural and rural area. For fiscal year 1999, the terms "rural" and "rural area"
include a city or town with a population of 20,000 or less inhabitants. There is
no limitation placed on population in open rural areas. After fiscal year 1999,
the terms "rural" and "rural area" include a city, town, or unincorporated area
that has a population of 50,000 inhabitants or less, other than an urbanized
area immediately adjacent to a city, town, or unincorporated area that has a
population in excess of 50,000 inhabitants. The population figures are obtained
from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census).
If the applicable population figures cannot be obtained from the most recent
decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figures based on
available population data.

* * * * *
Part 3575 General

414. The authority citation for part 3575 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301, 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--Community Programs Guaranteed Loans

415. In § 3575.2, revise the definition of "Rural and rural area" to read as
follows:
§ 3575.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural and rural area. The terms "rural" and "rural area" mean a city, town, or
unincorporated area that has a population of 50,000 inhabitants or less, other
than an urbanized area immediately adjacent to a city, town, or unincorporated
area that has a population in excess of 50,000 inhabitants. The population
figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States
(decennial Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from
the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population
figure based on available population data.

* * * * *
CHAPTER XLII--RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE AND RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE,
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
Part 4274 Direct and Insured Loanmaking

416. The authority citation for part 4274 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932 note; 7 U.S.C. 1989.

417. In § 4274.302(a), remove the defintion of "Rural or rural area" and add the
definition of "Rural area" in alphabetical order to read as follows:
§ 4274.302 Definitions and abbreviations.

(a) * * *

Rural area. All territory of a State that is not within the outer boundary of
any city having a population of 25,000 or more. The population figure is
obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data.

* * * * *

418. In § 4274.344, revise paragraphs (c)(2) introductory text and (c)(2)(vi)
introductory text to read as follows:
§ 4274.344 Filing and processing applications for loans.

* * * * *

(c) * * *

(2) Employment. For computations under this paragraph, income data should be
5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other
Census Bureau data, updated according to changes in the consumer price index. If
there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does not
accurately represent the median household income of the service area, the
reasons will be documented and the borrower may furnish, or RD may obtain,
additional information regarding such median household income data. Information
must consist of reliable data from local,regional, State or Federal sources or
from a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source. The poverty line used
will be as defined in section 673 (2) of the Community Services Block Grant Act
(42 U.S.C. 9902(2)). Unemployment data used will be that published by the Bureau
of Labor Statistics, U.S. Department of Labor.

* * * * *

(vi) The population of the service area according to the most recent decennial
Census was lower than that recorded by the previous decennial Census (or as
equivalently determined using another data source if the other data source was
used in determining whether the area was rural) by the following percentage:

* * * * *
Part 4279 Guaranteed Loanmaking

419. The authority citation for part 4279 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932(a); and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--General

420. In § 4279.2, revise the definition of "Poor" to read as follows:
§ 4279.2 Definitions and abbreviations.

* * * * *

Poor. A community or area is considered poor if either the county, city, or
census tract where the community or area is located has a median household
income at or below the poverty line for a family of four; has a median household
income below the nonmetropolitan median household income for the State; or has a
population of which 25 percent or more have income at or below the poverty line.
The determination of "poor" will be based on 5-year data from the American
Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. If there is
reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does not accurately
represent the median household income of the community or area, the reasons will
be documented and the borrower may furnish, or RD may obtain, additional
information regarding such median household income data. Information must
consist of reliable data from local, regional, State or Federal sources or from
a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source.

* * * * *
Part 4280 Loans and Grants

421. The authority citation for part 4280 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 904c; 7 U.S.C. 8107.
Subpart A--Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program

422. In § 4280.3, remove the definition of "Rural area" and add the definition
of "Rural or rural area" in alphabetical order to read as follows:
§ 4280.3 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural or rural area. See 7 U.S.C. 1991(a)(13)(A) and (D) et seq.

* * * * *

423. Revise § 4280.42(b)(7) to read as follows:
§ 4280.42 Application evaluation and selection.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(7) Decline in population for the county where the Project is physically
located. If there has been a decline in population in the county where the
Project will be located over the time period covered by the two most recent
decennial Censuses to the present (or equivalent time frame if using a data
source other than the decennial Census), Rural Development will award 10 points.

* * * * *
Subpart B--Rural Energy for America Program General
§ 4280.103
[Amended]

424. Amend § 4280.103 by removing "the latest decennial census" in the
introductory text to the definition of "Rural or rural area" and adding "the
most recent decennial Census" in its place.
Subpart D--Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program

425. In § 4280.302(a), revise the first sentence of the definition of "Rural or
rural area" to read as follows:
4280.302 Definitions and abbreviations.

(a) * * *

Rural or rural area. Any area of a State not in a city or town that has a
population of more than 50,000 inhabitants, according to the most recent
decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census), and the contiguous and
adjacent urbanized area, and any area that has been determined to be "rural in
character" by the Under Secretary for Rural Development, or as otherwise
identified in this definition.

* * *

* * * * *
§ 4280.316 [Amended]

426. Amend § 4280.316(b)(1)(v) by removing "the latest applicable decennial
census" and adding "the most recent decennial Census" in its place.
Part 4284 Grants

427. The authority citation for part 4284 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart F also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1932(e).

Subpart G also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(11).

Subpart J also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1621 note.

Subpart K also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1621 note.
Subpart A--General Requirements for Cooperative Service Grant Programs
§ 4284.3
[Amended]

428. Amend § 4284.3 by removing "the latest decennial census" in the definition
of "rural and rural area" and adding "the most recent decennial Census" in its
place.
Subpart G--Rural Business Opportunity Grants

429. In § 4284.603, revise the definitions of "long-term" and "rural and rural
area" to read as follows:
§ 4284.603 Definitions.

* * * * *

Long-term. The period of time covered by the three most recent decennial
Censuses of the United States to the present.

* * * * *

Rural and rural area. Any area other than a city or town that has a population
of greater than 50,000 inhabitants including the urbanized area contiguous and
adjacent to such a city or town. The population figure used must be in
accordance with the most recent decennial Census of the United States.

* * * * *
Part 4288 Payment Programs

430. The authority citation for part 4288 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--Repowering Assistance Payments to Eligible Biorefineries
§ 4288.2
[Amended]

431. Amend § 4288.2 by removing "the latest decennial census" in the
introductory text of the definition of "Rural or rural area" and adding "the
most recent decennial Census" in its place.
Part 4290 Rural Business Investment Company Rbic Program

432. The authority citation for part 4290 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1989 and 209cc et seq.
Subpart B--Definition of Terms Used in Part 4290

433. In § 4290.50, revise the introductory text of the definition of "Rural
Area" and revise the definition of "Urban Area" to read as follows:
§ 4290.50 Definition of terms.

* * * * *

Rural Area means any area of a State not in a city or town that has a population
of more than 50,000 inhabitants, according to the most recent decennial Census
of the United States (decennial Census), or in the urbanized area contiguous and
adjacent to a city or town that has a population of more than 50,000
inhabitants, and any area that has been determined to be "rural in character" by
the Under Secretary for Rural Development, or as otherwise identified in this
definition.

* * * * *

Urban Area means an area containing a city (or its equivalent), or any
equivalent geographic area determined by the Census Bureau and adopted by the
Secretary for purposes of this definition (about which the Secretary will
publish a document in theFederal Registerfrom time to time), which had a
population of over 150,000 in the most recent decennial Census and the urbanized
areas containing or adjacent to that city, both as determined by the Bureau of
the Census for the most recent decennial Census.

* * * * *
Dated: January 15, 2015.
Lisa Mensah,
Under Secretary, Rural Development.
Dated: January 23, 2015.
Michael Scuse,
Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.
[FR Doc. 2015-01571 Filed 2-23-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              113 of 119 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 28, 2015 Saturday

Rural Development: FmHAand Census References

LENGTH: 59921  words


Washington, D.C.: This Rule document was issued by the Farm Service Agency (FSA)


Direct final rule.
Summary

Rural Development (RD) is amending its regulations by updating references to the
Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) and clarifying and updating references to the
census data. These actions will provide consistency in terminology between
program regulations. In addition, clarifying and updating references to census
data is needed to account for changes to the decennial Census, which, starting
with the 2010 decennial Census is no longer reporting income and unemployment
data. Additional revisions are being implemented to show the regulations that do
not apply to the Farm Service Agency (FSA) and to remove outdated or unnecessary
language.
Dates

This rule will become effective April 27, 2015 without further action unless the
Agency receives significant written adverse comments or written notices of
intent to submit adverse comments on or before March 26, 2015. If the Agency
receives significant adverse comments or notices, the Agency will publish a
timely notice in theFederal Registerwithdrawing those provisions on which
adverse comment were received.
Addresses

You may submit adverse comments or notice of intent to submit adverse comments
to this rule by any of the following methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the instructions
for submitting comments.
    Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service to the Branch
Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0742.

    Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal Express Mail, or
other courier service requiring a street address, to the Branch Chief,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 300
7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Washington, DC 20024.

All written comments will be available for public inspection during regular work
hours at the 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor address listed above.
For Further Information Contact

Kenneth Meardon, Policy Advisor, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, STOP 3201, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,
DC 20250-3225; email: ken.meardon@wdc.usda.gov; telephone (202) 260-8296.
Supplementary Information
Classification

This rule has been determined to be not significant for purposes of Executive
Order 12866 and has not been reviewed by the Office of Management and Budget.
Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance

RD's programs affected by this rulemaking are shown in the Catalog of Federal
Domestic Assistance (CFDA) with numbers as indicated:

10.350--Technical Assistance to Cooperatives

10.352--Value-Added Producer Grants (4284)

10.405--Farm Labor Housing Loans and Grants (3560)

10.410--Very Low to Moderate Income Housing Loans (Section 502 Rural Housing
Loans) (3550)

10.415--Rural Rental Housing Loans

10.420--Rural Self-Help Technical Assistance

10.427--Rural Rental Assistance Payments (3560)

10.433--Rural Housing Preservation Grants

10.438--Rural Rental Housing Program--Guaranteed Loans

10.441--Technical and Supervisory Assistance Grants

10.448--Rural Housing Service Multi-Family Housing Rural Housing Voucher
Demonstration Program (3560)

10.759--Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households
Program (SEARCH) (1774)

10.760--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities (1779, 1780)

10.761--Technical Assistance and Training Grants (1775)

10.762--Solid Waste Management Grants (1775)

10.763--Emergency Community Water Assistance Grants (1778)

10.766--Community Facilities Loans and Grants (3570, 3575)

10.767--Intermediary Relending Program (4274)

10.768--Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program (4279)

10.769--Rural Business Enterprise Grant Program

10.770--Water and Waste Disposal Loans and Grants (Section 306C) (1777)

10.771--Rural Cooperative Development Grants

10.773--Rural Business Opportunity Grant Program

10.781--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities--ARRA (1780)

10.782--Appropriate Technology Transfer for Rural Areas (4284)

10.850--Rural Electrification Loans and Loan Guarantees (1714)

10.851--Rural Telephone Loans and Loan Guarantees (1735)

10.854--Rural Economic Development Loans and Grants (4280)

10.857--State Bulk Fuel Revolving Fund Grants

10.858--RUS Denali Commission Grants and Loans

10.859--Assistance to High Energy Cost--Rural Communities (1709)

10.860--Rural Business Investment Program (4290)

10.861--Public Television Station Digital Transition Grant Program (1740)

10.862--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities (1776)

10.863--Community Connect Grant Program (1739)

10-864--Grant Program to Estabish a Fund for Financing Water and Wastewater
Projects (1783)

10.865--Biorefinery Assistance (4279)

10.866--Repowering Assistance Program (4288)

10.867--Bioenergy Program for Advanced Biofuels (4288)

10.868--Rural Energy for America Program (4280)

10.870--Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program

10.871--Small Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grants (4284)

10.886--Rural Broadband Access Loans and Loan Guarantees (1738)

All active CFDA programs can be found at www.cfda.gov under "Department of
Agriculture, RuralDevelopment." Programs not listed in this section or not
listed on the CFDA Web site but are still being serviced by RD will nevertheless
be covered by the requirements of this action.
Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs

This action is not subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372, which
requires intergovernmental consultation with State and local officials.
Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform.
RD has determined that this rule meets the applicable standards provided in
section 3 of the Executive Order. Additionally, (1) all state and local laws and
regulations that are in conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2) no
retroactive effect will be given to the rule; and (3) administrative appeal
procedures, if any, must be exhausted before litigation against the Department
or its agencies may be initiated, in accordance with the regulations of the
National Appeals Division of USDA at 7 CFR part 11.
Environmental Impact Statement

This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." RD has determined that this action does not constitute
a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the human
environment and, in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA)
of 1969, 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact Statement is not
required.
Unfunded Mandates Reform Act

This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory provisions of Title
II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995) for State, local, and Tribal
governments or the private sector. Thus, this rule is not subject to the
requirements of sections 202 and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of
1995.
Regulatory Flexibility Act

Under section 605(b) of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C. 605(b), RD
certifies that this rule will not have a significant economic impact on a
substantial number of small entities because the action will not affect a
significant number of small entities as defined by the Regulatory Flexibility
Act (5 U.S.C. 501). RBS made this determination based on the fact that this
action only impacts internal Agency procedures for determining how much of
available program funds are allocated to each state. Small entities will not be
impacted to a greater extent than large entities.
Executive Order 13132, Federalism

The policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial direct effect on
states, on the relationship between the national government and the states, or
on the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on
state and local governments. Therefore, consultation with states is not
required.
Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments

This executive order imposes requirements on RD in the development of regulatory
policies that have Tribal implications or preempt tribal laws. RD has determined
that the rule does not, to our knowledge, have a substantial direct effect on
one or more Indian Tribe(s) or on either the relationship or the distribution of
powers and responsibilities between the Federal Government and Indian Tribes.
Thus, this rule is not subject to the requirements of Executive Order 13175. If
a Tribe determines that this rule has implications of which RD is not aware and
would like to engage with RD on this rule, please contact RD's Native American
Coordinator at (202) 690-1681 or AIAN@wdc.usda.gov
Paperwork Reduction Act

There are no reporting and recordkeeping requirements associated with this rule.

E-Government Act Compliance

RD is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to promote the use of
the Internet and other information technologies, to provide increased
opportunities for citizens to access Government information and services
electronically.
I. Background and Discussion

RD is amending numerous RD regulations in two broad areas--references to the
Farmners Home Administration and references to Bureau of Census data. For those
RD regulations affected by these two areas, RD is also making several additional
changes by updating the text with regard to applicability of the regulations to
the FSA; removing or updating outdated text, as applicable; and removing
unnecessary text.
II. Discussion of Changes
A. Farmers Home Administration (FmHA)

Many RD regulations still contain references to the Farmers Home Administration,
or FmHA, which was the predecessor agency to both RD and FSA.

FmHA references most frequently encountered in RD regulations are in reference
to forms, instructions, and addresses. RD is either removing references that are
no longer necessary or updating the FmHA references to reflect the appropriate
entity, as applicable. New references will be to RD, Agency, to the specific RD
agency (Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Rural Housing Service, Rural
Utilities Service), to the "government," or to the United States, depending on
the context of the regulation. Where necessary in individual RD regulations,
definitions have been changed or added to reflect the new reference(s).
B. Census References

Many RD regulations refer to census data as the source to be used for various
popluation-, income-, and unemployment-related data. RD is amending those
portions of its regulations that reference U.S. Bureau of Census (Census Bureau)
and its data primarily due to changes in the data being reported by the Census
Bureau in the decennial Census.

Other changes are being implemented to further consistency among RD programs in
referencing sources to be used for population-related data requirements and
provisions and to provide clarification of how provisions are implemented.
Finally, RD is removing outdated or unnecessary text.

The following paragraphs discuss these changes.

1. Census Bureau data. RD allocates the funding for a number of its programs
using formulas that rely on data supplied by the Census Bureau, frequently as
found in the decennial Census. Most RD regulations refer to this as "using the
latest census data available" or similar language.

Starting with the 2010 census, however, the Census Bureau no longer reports
income data in the decennial Census. Thus, RD needs to identify an alternative
source for income-related data.

After examining several alternative data sources, RD determined that income data
published by the Census Bureau in the American CommunitySurvey (ACS), as found
in the 5-year survey component of the ACS, provides the best source of data for
estimates of state-level income and poverty data, even though such are no longer
being published in the decennial Census. RD is also aware that the data
contained in the ACS may not meet the needs of a specific program and that the
ACS may at some point in the future be replaced or discontinued. For these
reasons, RD is using "5-year income data from the American Community Survey
(ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data" to indicate the source of the
data to be used.

In some instances, RD regulations refer to using other data sources for
income-related data if the ACS or Census Bureau data are outdated. RD is
retaining that concept where it currently exists, but modifying the language to
address the revision noted in the preceding paragraph.

2. Consistency and clarification. As described below, RD is making several
changes to create consistency between the RD programs.

a. Whenever a regulation is directing the use of the decennial Census as the
data source, RD is using "the most recent decennial Census of the United States
(decennial Census)" consistently throughout the RD regulations. This change
brings consistency among the three RD agencies and their regulations.

b. RD regulations apply not only to what most people understand as the 50 states
of the United States, but also to the U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, Guam,
American Samoa, the Marshall Islands, etc. The decennial Census does not report
population for most of these territories. Some, but not all, of the RD
regulations clearly identify how population data are to be obtained for these
other areas. To make this consistent, RD is revising text to make clear in all
its regulations the data sources to be used. Specifically, if the decennial
Census does not provide the applicable population information, then RD will
determine the applicable population data based on available population data.
C. FSA Related Changes

When they were operating as the Farmers Home Adminstration, RD and FSA shared
many regulations. With RD and FSA now separate entities, many of the regulations
in 7 CFR no longer apply to FSA. Some of these regulations have already been
identified as no longer being applicable to FSA. There are a few regulations,
however, that still need to be identified as no being applicable to FSA and RD
is adding text to that effect. The regulations are: 7 CFR 1900 subpart A, 7 CFR
1902 subpart A, and 7 CFR 1910 subpart B.
D. Outdated and/or Unnecessary Text in Those Parts and Subparts That Contain
Either Reference to Census Bureau or FmHA

Once RD identified those CFR parts that need updating with regard to references
to FmHA and the Census Bureau, RD also identified a number of other outdated or
unnecessary material, and thus is revising such material. In brief, these
changes:

Remove reference to Rand McNally and Company as an alternative source of
population data (7 CFR 1735.2, 7 CFR 1737.2);
    Remove references to a Federal Communications Commission Web site and to a
Census Tiger Map (7 CFR 1740.8(b)(1)(i) and (c)(1);
    Remove a series of Agency forms from 7 CFR 1980, Subpart E and their
conforming references. Specifically, RD will no longer publish in the CFR RD
forms identified as: (1) Appendix A, (2) Appendix B, (3) Appendix F, (4)
Exhibits A through C to Appendix I to Subpart E of Part 1980, and (5) Exhibits A
through C to Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980. The applicable forms will
continue to be available in RD offices and through RD's Web site;
    Remove reference to the year 2000 as it currently modifies "Census block" in
7 CFR 1709(b);
    Remove the first paragraph in the definition of Rural and rural area in 7
CFR 3575.1. This paragraph references Fiscal Year 1999 and is thus obsolete; and

    Update the reference to the Legislative Affairs and Public Information Staff
(LAPIS) with the Legislative and Public Affairs Staff (LAPAS) (7 CFR parts 1942,
1944, 1948, and 1980).

E. Other

For the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) program, RD is
modifying both the definition of Rural or rural area" (7 CFR 4280.3) and the
scoring criterion associated with the decline in population for the county where
the project is physically located (7 CFR 4280.42(b)(7)).

RD is modifying the definition of "Rural or rural area" for REDLG to make the
definition consistent with the definition for "rural or rural area" found in the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP), whose definition is more
comprehensive and consistent with other definitions with Rural
Business-Cooperative Service programs.

RD is modifying the identified scoring criterion by adding reference to making
the calculation using the an "equivalent time frame" in those instances where
data is used from a data source other than the decennial Census.
List of Subjects

Administrative practice and procedure, Electric utilities, Grant
programs--energy, Rural areas.

Electric power, Loan programs--energy, Rural areas.

Loan programs--communications, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural
areas, Telephone.

Loan programs--communications, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural
areas.

Broadband, Loan programs--communications, Rural areas, Telecommunications,
Telephone.

Broadband, Grant programs--Communications, Rural areas, Telecommunications,
Telephone.

Grant programs--Digital televisions; Communications, Rural areas, Television.

Community development, Grant programs, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements,
Rural areas, Waste treatment and disposal, Water supply.

Business and industry, Community development, Community facilities, Grant
programs--housing and community development, Reporting and recordkeeping
requirements, Rural areas, Waste treatment and disposal, Water supply,
Watersheds.

Agriculture, Community development, Community facilities, Credit, Grant
programs--housing and community development, Nonprofit organizations, Reporting
and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas, Waste treatment and disposal, Water
pollution control, Water resources, Water supply, Watersheds.

Community development, Community facilities, Grant programs--housing and
community development, Loan programs--housing and community development,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas, Waste treatment and
disposal, Water supply, Watersheds.

Community development, Community facilities, Grant programs--Housing and
Community development, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas,
Waste treatment and disposal, Water supply, Watersheds.

Loan programs--housing and community development, Rural areas, Waste treatment
and disposal, Water supply.

Community development, Community facilities, Grant programs--housing and
community development, Loan programs--housing and community development,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas, Waste treatment and
disposal, Water supply, Watersheds.

Community development, Community facilities, Loan programs--housing and
community development, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas,
Waste treatment and disposal, Water supply, Watersheds.

Business and industry, Community development, Community facilities, Grant
programs--housing and community development, Reporting and recordkeeping
requirements, Rural areas, Waste treatment and disposal, Water supply,
Watersheds.

Agriculture, Flood insurance, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing
and community development, Low and moderate income housing, Rural areas.

Agriculture, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--Housing and community
development, Low and moderate income housing, Rural areas.

Loan programs--Housing and community development, Low and moderate income
housing, Nonprofit organizations, Rural areas.

Administrative practice and procedure, Authority delegations (Government
agencies), Conflict of interests, Government employees, Grant
programs--agriculture, Grant programs--housing and community development, Loan
programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community development,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas.

Agriculture, Civil rights, Fair housing, Grant programs--agriculture, Grant
programs--housing and community development, Grant programs--Indians, Historic
preservation, Indians, Intergovernmental relations, Loan Programs--agriculture,
Loan programs--housing and community development, Marital status discrimination,
Minimum wages, Religious discrimination, Reporting and recordkeeping
requirements, Rural areas, Sex discrimination.

Accounting; Banks, banking; Grant programs--agriculture, Grant programs--housing
and community development; Loan programs--agriculture; Loan programs--housing
and community development, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements.

Agriculture, Credit, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and
community development, Low and moderate income housing, Reporting and
recordkeeping requirements.

Agriculture, Administrative practice and procedures, Claims, Credit, Grant
programs--housing and community development, Housing Standards, Loan
programs-agriculture, Low and moderate income housing, Manufactured homes,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas.

Agriculture, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community
development, Low and moderate income housing, Rural areas, Taxes.

Agriculture, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community
development, Low and moderate income housing, Rural areas.

Agriculture, Environmental protection, Flood plains, Grant
programs--agriculture, Grant programs-housing and community development, Loan
programs-agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community development, Low and
moderate income housing, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas,
Truth in lending.

Business and industry, Community facilities, Fire prevention, Grant
programs--business, Grant programs--housing and community development, Grant
programs--Indians, Indians, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs-housing
and community development, Loan programs--Indians, Loan programs--natural
resources, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas, Waste
treatment and disposal, Water supply, Watersheds.

Administrative practice and procedure, Aged, Cooperatives, Fair housing, Grant
programs--housing and community development, Home improvement, Individuals with
disabilities, Loan programs--housing and community development, Low and moderate
income housing, Manufactured homes, Migrant labor, Rent subsidies, Reporting
requirements, Rural areas.

Coal, Community facilities, Grant programs--housing and community development,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements,Rural areas, Uranium.

Accounting, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community
development, Military personnel, Rural areas.

Accounting, Claims, Community facilities, Credit, Disaster assistance,
Government employees, Grant programs--housing and community development,
Housing, Income taxes, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and
community development, Low and moderate income housing, Reporting and
recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas, Wages.

Agriculture, Drug traffic control, Government property, Loan
programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housingand community development, Low and
moderate income housing, Rural areas.

Accounting, Business and industry, Claims, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan
programs--housing and community development, Reporting and recordkeeping
requirements, Rural areas.

Loan programs--housing and community development, Low and moderate income
housing, Rural areas.

Agriculture, Bankruptcy, Drug traffic control, Government property, Loan
programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community development, Rural
areas.

Agriculture, Business and industry, Community facilities, Credit, Disaster
assistance, Livestock, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--business, Loan
programs--housing and community development, Low and moderate income housing,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas.

Administrative practice and procedure, Environmental impact statements, Fair
housing, Grant programs--housing and community development, Housing, Loan
programs--housing and community development, Low and moderate income housing,
Manufactured homes, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas.

Accounting, Administrative practice and procedure, Aged, Conflict of interests,
Government property management, Grant programs--Housing and community
development, Insurance, Loan programs--Agriculture, Loan programs--Housing and
community development, Low and moderate income housing, Migrant labor,
Mortgages, Nonprofit organizations, Public housing, Rent subsidies, Reporting
and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas.

Administrative practice and procedure, Fair Housing, Grant programs--housing and
community development, ousing, Low and moderate income housing, Reporting and
recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas.

Loan programs--agriculture.

Community development, Loan programs--business, Reporting and recordkeeping
requirements, Rural areas.

Loan programs--business, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas.

Loan programs--Business and industry, Economic development, Energy, Energy
efficiency improvements, Feasibility studies, Grant programs, Guaranteed loan
programs, Renewable energy systems, Rural areas.

Business and industry, Community development, Community facilities, Grant
programs--housing and community development, Loan programs--housing and
community development, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas,
Waste treatment and disposal, Water supply.

Administrative practice and procedure, Energy--advanced biofuel, Renewable
biomass, Reporting and recordkeeping.

Community development, Government securities, Grant programs--business,
Securities, Small businesses.

For the reasons discussed above, Rural Development is amending chapters XVII,
XVIII, XXXV, and XLII of title 7, of the Code of Federal Regulations as follows
Chapter Xvii Rural Utilities Service Department of Agriculture
Part 1709 Assistance to High Energy Cost Communities

1. The authority citation for part 1709 continues to read as follows:
Authority

5 U.S.C. 301, 7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.
Regulatory Text
Subpart B--RUS High Energy Cost Grant Program
§ 1709.107
[Amended]

2. Amend § 1709.107(b) by removing "2000 Census block" and adding "Census block
according to the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census)" in its place.

3. Revise § 1709.123(c)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1709.123 Evaluation criteria and weights.

* * * * *

(c) * * *

(2) Rurality. Priority consideration may be given to proposals that serve
smaller rural communities. Applications will be scored based on the population
of the largest incorporated cities, towns or villages or census designated
places included within the grant's proposed target area as determined using the
population figures from the most recent decennial Census. If the applicable
population figure cannot be based on the most recent decennial Census, RD will
determine the applicable population figure based on available population data.

* * * * *
Subpart C--Bulk Fuel Revolving Fund Grant Program

4. Revise § 1709.210(c)(3) to read as follows:
§ 1709.210 Application process.

* * * * *

(c) * * *

(3) Assessment of needs and potential beneficiaries. The application must
provide estimates of the number, location and population of potentially eligible
areas in the State and their estimated fuel needs and costs. The section must
also describe the criteria used to identify eligible areas, including the
characteristics that make fuel deliveries by surface transport impossible or
impracticable. The description of beneficiary communities should provide a
detailed breakdown of the density profile of the area to be served by eligible
projects. Indicate to what extent persons in eligible areas live outside of
communities of 2,500 persons or more, communities of 5,000 or more or outside of
communities of 20,000 or more. All population estimates should be based on the
most recent decennial Census of the United States. If the applicable population
estimate cannot be based on the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine
the applicable population figure based on available population data. All
representations should be supported with exhibits such as maps, summary tables
and references to official information sources.

* * * * *
Part 1714 Pre Loan Policies and Procedures for Insured Electric Loans

5. The authority citation for part 1714 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.; 1921 et seq.; and 6941 et seq.
Subpart A--General

6. Revise the second and third sentences in § 1714.5(d) to read as follows:
§ 1714.5 Determination of interest rates on municipal rate loans.

* * * * *

(d) * * * The method used to determine this rate is set forth in the regulations
of the Rural Housing Service at 7 CFR 1942.17(f)(1) and (4). Pursuant to the RUS
rule, the interest rates are set using as guidance the average of the Bond Buyer
Index for the four weeks prior to the first Friday of the last month before the
beginning of the quarter. * * *

7. Revise § 1714.7(b)(2)(i) and (ii) to read as follows:
§ 1714.7 Interest rate cap.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) * * *

(i) To qualify under the consumer income test, the borrower must include in its
loan application information about the location of its residential consumers.
The borrower must provide to RUS, based on the most recent data available at the
time of loan application, either the number of consumers in each county it
serves or the number of consumers in each census tract it serves. Using 5-year
income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census
Bureau data, RUS will compare, on a weighted average basis, the average per
capita and median household income of the counties or census tracts served by
the borrower with state figures.

(ii) If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does
not accurately represent the economic conditions of the borrower's consumers,
the reasons will be documented and the borrower may furnish, or RD may obtain,
additional information regarding such economic conditions. Information must
consist of reliable data from local, regional, State, or Federal sources or from
a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source. The Administrator has the
sole discretion to determine whether such data submitted by the borrower is
sufficient to determine whether the borrower qualifies under the consumer income
test.

* * * * *
Part 1735 General Policies Types of Loans Loan Requirements Telecommunications
Program

8. The authority citation for part 1735 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 901 et seq., 1921 et seq., and 6941 et seq.
Subpart A--General

9. In § 1735.2, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1735.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area means any area of the United States, its territories and insular
possessions (including any area within the Federated States of Micronesia, the
Republic of the Marshall Islands, and the Republic of Palau) not included within
the boundaries of any incorporated or unincorporated city, village or borough
having a population exceeding 5,000 inhabitants. The population figure is
obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data. For purposes of the "rural area" definition,
the character of an area is determined as of a time the initial loan for the
system is made.

* * * * *
Subpart B--Loan Purposes and Basic Policies

10. Revise § 1735.10(g) to read as follows:
§ 1735.10 General.

* * * * *

(g) For the purpose of paragraph (a)(2) of this section, rural areas means any
area that is not located within a city, town, or incorporated area that has a
population of greater than 20,000 inhabitants or within an urbanized area
contiguous and adjacent to a city or town that has a population of greater than
50,000 inhabitants. For the purpose of the definition of rural area,

(1) The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census of
the United States (decennial Census). If the applicable population figure cannot
be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the
applicable population figure based on available population data; and

(2) An urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in the most
recent decennial Census.
Part 1737 Pre Loan Policies and Procedures Common to Insured and Guaranteed
Telecommunications Loans

11. The authority citation for part 1737 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 901 et seq., 1921 et seq.; Pub. L. 103-354, 108 Stat. 3178 (7 U.S.C.
6941 et.seq.).

12. In § 1737.2, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1737.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area means any area of the United States, its territories and possessions
(including any area within the Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of
the Marshall Islands, and the Republic of Palau) not included within the
boundaries of any incorporated or unincorporated city, village or borough having
a population exceeding 5,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from
the most recent decennial Census of the United States. If the applicable
population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD
will determine the applicable population figure based on available population
data. For purposes of the "rural area" definition, the character of an area is
determined as of a time the initial loan for the system is made.

* * * * *
Part 1738 Rural Broadband Access Loans and Loan Guarantees

13. The authority citation for part 1738 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Pub. L. 107-171, 7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.
Subpart A--General

14. In § 1738.2(a), revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1738.2 Definitions.

(a) * * *

Rural area means any area, as confirmed by the most recent decennial Census of
the United States (decennial Census), which is not located within:

(i) A city, town, or incorporated area that has a population of greater than
20,000 inhabitants; or

(ii) An urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to a city or town that has a
population of greater than 50,000inhabitants. For purposes of the definition of
rural area, an urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in
the most recent decennial Census.

* * * * *
Part 1739 Broadband Grant Program

15. The authority citation for part 1739 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Title III, Pub. L. 108-199, 118 Stat. 3.

16. In § 1739.3, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1739.3 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area means any area, as confirmed by the most recent decennial Census of
the United States (decennial Census), which is not located within:

(1) A city, town, or incorporated area that has a population of greater than
20,000 inhabitants; or

(2) An urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to a city or town that has a
population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants. For purposes of the definition of
rural area, an urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in
the most recent decennial Census.

* * * * *
Part 1740 Public Television Station Digital Transition Grant Program

17. The authority citation for part 1740 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2005; Title III: Rural Development Programs;
Rural Utilities Service; Distance Learning, Telemedicine, and Broadband Program;
Pub. L. 108-447.
Subpart A--Public Televsion Station Digital Transition Grant Program
§ 1740.8
[Amended]

18. Amend § 1740.8 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(1)(i), removing "http://www.fcc.gov/fcc-bin/audio/tvq.html"
and removing ", overlaid on a Census Tiger Map. The map also shows counties
covered" and

b. In paragraph (c)(1), removing the last sentence.
Part 1774 Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households
Program

19. The authority citation for part 1774 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(2)(C).
Subpart A--General Provisions

20. In § 1774.2, revise the definitions of "Financially distressed area" and "
Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1774.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Financially distressed area. An area is considered financially distressed if the
median household income of the area to be served is either below the poverty
line or below 80 percent of the statewide non-metropolitan median household
income according to the 5-year income data from the American Community Survey
(ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. If there is reason to believe
that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does not accurately represent the
median household income of the area to be served, the reasons will be documented
and the borrower may furnish, or RD may obtain, additional information regarding
such median household income data. Information must consist of reliable data
from local, regional, State or Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a
reliable impartial source.

* * * * *

Rural area. For the purposes of this SEARCH program, any area not in a city or
town with a population of 2,500 or fewer, according to the most recent decennial
Census of the United States (decennial Census). If the applicable population
figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD will
determine the applicable population figure based on available population data.

* * * * *
Part 1775 Technical Assistance Grants

21. The authority citation for part 1775 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.
Subpart A--General Provisions

22. In § 1775.2, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1775.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area. Any area not in a city or town with a population in excess of
10,000, according to the most recent decennial Census of the United States. If
the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent
decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure based on
available population data.

* * * * *
Part 1776 Household Water Well System Grant Program

23. The authority citation for part 1776 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1926e.
Subpart A--General

24. In § 1776.3, revise the definition of "Eligible individual" to read as
follows:
§ 1776.3 Definitions.

* * * * *

Eligible individual means an individual who is a member of a household the
members of which have a combined income (for the most recent 12-month period for
which the information is available) that is not more than 100 percent of the
median nonmetropolitan household income for the State or territory in which the
individual resides, according to 5-year income data from the American Community
Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. If there is reason to
believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does not accurately represent
the median nonmetropolitan household income for the State or territory in which
the individual resides, the reasons will be documented and the applicant may
furnish, or RD may obtain, additional information regarding such median
household income data. Information must consist of reliable data from local,
regional, State or Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a reliable
impartial source.

* * * * *
Part 1777 Section 306c Wwd Loans and Grants

25. The authority citation for part 1777 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.

26. In § 1777.4, revise the definition of "Rural areas" to read as follows:
§ 1777.4 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural areas. Includes unincorporated areas and any city or town with a
population not in excess of 10,000 inhabitants located in any of the 50 States,
the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Western Pacific Territories, Marshall
Islands, Federated States of Micronesia, Republic of Palau, and the U.S. Virgin
Islands. The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census
of the United States. If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained
from the most recent decennial Census, RD will determinethe applicable
population figure based on available population data.

* * * * *

27. Revise § 1777.12(a)(1) to read as follows:
§ 1777.12 Eligibility.

(a) * * *

(1) Per capita income of the residents is not more than 70 percent of the most
recent national average per capita income, as determined by 5-year income data
from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data
does not accurately represent the per capita income of the residents, the
reasons will be documented and the borrower/applicant may furnish, or RD may
obtain, additional information regarding such per capita income data.
Information must consist of reliable data from local, regional, State or Federal
sources or from a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source, and

* * * * *
Part 1778 Emergency and Imminent Community Water Assistance Grants

28. The authority citation for part 1778 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301, 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.

29. In § 1778.4, revise the definition of "Rural areas" to read as follows:
§ 1778.4 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural areas. Includes any area not in a city or town with a population in excess
of 10,000 inhabitants located in any of the fifty States, the Commonwealth of
Puerto Rico, the Western Pacific Territories, Marshall Islands, Federated States
of Micronesia, Republic of Palau, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. The population
figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States
(decennial Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from
the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population
figure based on available population data.

* * * * *

30. Revise § 1778.10(a)(1) and (2) to read as follows:
§ 1778.10 Restrictions.

(a) * * *

(1) Assist any city or town with a population in excess of 10,000 inhabitants.
The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census. If the
applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial
Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure based on available
population data. Facilities financed by RUS may be located in non-rural areas.
However, loan and grant funds may be used to finance only that portion of the
facility serving rural areas, regardless of facility location.

(2) Assist a rural area that has a median household income in excess of the
statewide nonmetropolitan median household income as determined by 5-year income
data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data
does not accurately represent the median household income of the rural area, the
reasons will be documented and the applicant may furnish, or RD may obtain,
additional information regarding such median household income data. Information
must consist of reliable data from local, regional, State or Federal sources or
from a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source.

* * * * *
§ 1778.13 [Amended]

31. Amend § 1778.13(b) by removing "decennial census of the United States" and
adding "decennical Census" in its place.
Part 1779 Water and Waste Disposal Programs Guaranteed Loans

32. The authority citation for part 1779 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.

33. In § 1779.2, revise the definition of "Rural and rural area" to read as
follows:
§ 1779.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural and rural area. Any area not in a city or town with a population in excess
of 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from the most recent
decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census). If the applicable
population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD
will determine the applicable population figure based on available population
data.

* * * * *
Part 1780 Water and Waste Loans and Grants

34. The authority citation for part 1780 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.
Subpart A--General Policies and Requirements

35. Revise the second, third, and fourth sentences of § 1780.1(b) to read as
follows:
§ 1780.1 General.

* * * * *

(b) * * * The median household income of the service area and the
nonmetropolitan median household income of the State will be determined from
income data from 5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or,
if needed, other Census Bureau data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS
or other Census Bureau data does not accurately represent the median household
income within the area to be served, the reasons will be documented and the
applicant may furnish, or RD may obtain, additional information regarding such
median household income data. Information must consist of reliable data from
local, regional, State or Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a
reliable impartial source. * * *

36. In § 1780.3, revise the definition of "Rural and rural areas" to read as
follows:
§ 1780.3 Definitions and grammatical rules of construction.

* * * * *

Rural and rural areas means any area not in a city or town with a population in
excess of 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from the most
recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census). If the
applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial
Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure based on available
population data.

* * * * *

37. Revise § 1780.18(c)(2)(ii) to read as follows:
§ 1780.18 Allocation of program funds.

* * * * *

(c) * * *

(2) * * *

(ii) The data sources for each criterion identified in paragraph (c)(2) of this
section are specified in paragraphs (c)(2)(ii)(A) through (C) of this section.
Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its relevance in
determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is multiplied by
the weight factor and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF). The SF cannot
exceed 0.05, as follows:

SF = (criterion in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(A) of this section × 50 percent) +
(criterion in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(B) × 25 percent) + (criterion in paragraph
(b)(2)(i)(C) of this section × 25 percent)

(A) For the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(A) of this section, the
most recent decennial Census data.

(B) For the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(B) of this section,
5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other
Census Bureau data.

(C) For the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(C) of this section, the
most recent Bureau of Labor Statistics data.

* * * * *
Subpart B--Loan and Grant Application Processing

38. Revise § 1780.49(b)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1780.49 Rural or Native Alaskan villages.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) Rural or Native Alaskan village. A rural or Native Alaskan community which
meets the definition of a village under State statutes and does not have a
population in excess of 10,000 inhabitants according to the most recent
decennial Census.

* * * * *
Part 1781 Resource Conservation and Development Rcd Loans and Watershed Ws Loans
and Advances

39. The authority citation for part 1781 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.
§ 1781.2 [Amended]

40. Amend the first sentence of § 1781.2(a) by removing ", successor to the
Farmers's Home Administration" in the first sentence.
Part 1783 Revolving Funds for Financing Water and Wastewater Projects Revolving
Fund Program

41. The authority citation for part 1783 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1926 (a)(2)(B).
Subpart A--General

42. In § 1783.3, revise the definition of "Rural and rural area" to read as
follows:
§ 1783.3 What definitions are used in this regulation?

* * * * *

Rural and rural area means a city, town or unincorporated area that has a
population of no more than 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained
from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census).
If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent
decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure based on
available population data.

* * * * *
CHAPTER XVIII--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE, RURAL
UTILITIES SERVICE, AND FARM SERVICE AGENCY, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
Part 1806 Insurance

43. The authority citation for part 1806 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--Real Property Insurance
§ 1806.1
[Amended]

44. Amend § 1806.1 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Rural Housing Service (RHS). Any references
herein to the Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its employees are intended
to mean FSA or RHS, as applicable, and their employees." and adding "Rural
Housing Service (RHS), herein referred to as the "Agency." in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b) and (d), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (e), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"interest of the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "interest of RD" in its place.
§ 1806.2 [Amended]

45. Amend § 1806.2 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(5)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b)(6) introductory text and (b)(6)(i), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (b)(9) and (b)(10) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the
Agency" in their place;

d. In paragraph (b)(11) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "the Agency has" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "the Agency will" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(11)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(11)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 is" and adding "the Agency is" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (b)(11)(iv) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraph (b)(11)(iv)(A), removing "United States of America (Farmers Home
Administration or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354)" and adding
"United States of America (Rural Development)" in its place and removing "naming
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "naming the
Agency" in its place;

h. In paragraph (b)(11)(iv)(B), removing "United States of America (Farmers Home
Administration or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354)" and adding
"United States of America (Rural Development)" in its place and removing "by
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the
Agency" in its place;

i. In paragraph (b)(11)(iv)(C), removing "the Farmers Home Admnistration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

j. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"in which the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"in which the Agency" in its place;

k. In paragraph (d)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

l. In paragraph (d)(1)(iii)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "the" in its place;

m. In paragraph (d)(2), removing "against the FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "against the Agency" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 mortgage" and adding
"Agency mortgage" in its place; and

n. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 loan" and adding "Agency loan" in its place and removing "for FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loans" and adding "for the Agency
loans" in its place.
§ 1806.3 [Amended]

46. Amend § 1806.3 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(1), (b), and (c)(1)(v), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in their
place;

b. In paragraph (c)(1)(vii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in their place; and

c. In paragraph (c)(1)(viii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in their place.
§ 1806.4 [Amended]

47. Amend § 1806.4 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in their place;

b. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "upon demand to FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "upon demand to the Agency" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (b)(2)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the Agency" in their place.
§ 1806.5 [Amended]

48. Amend § 1806.5 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text and (i)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 " and adding "the Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 was" and adding "the Agency was" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (a)(2), (b)(1), and (b)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 " and adding "Agency" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (b)(2)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place and removing "jointly to
the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "jointly
to the Agency" in its place;

f. In paragraph (c)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraphs (c)(1)(iv) and (e)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

h. In paragraph (g) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place;

i. In paragraphs (g)(2) and (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 " and adding "Agency" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (i)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 official" and adding "Agency official" in its place and removing
"whether FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"whether the Agency" in its place.
§ 1806.6 [Amended]

49. Amend § 1806.6 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in their place;

e. In paragraph (a)(1)(v), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 account" and adding
"Agency account" in its place;

f. In paragraph (a)(1)(vii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 as mortgagee" and adding "Agency as mortgagee" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place; and

h. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "from the FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "from the Agency" in
its place.
Subpart B--National Flood Insurance
§ 1806.21
[Amended]

50. Amend § 1806.21(a) by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development and
Farm Service Agency, herein referred to as the "Agency"," in its place.
§ 1806.22 [Amended]

51. Amend § 1806.22 by:

a. In the paragraph heading of paragraph (b), removing "Farmers Home
Administration or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The
Agency" in its place; and

b. In the first sentence of paragraph (b), removing "the FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 National Office" and adding "the National
Office" in its place.
§ 1806.23 [Amended]

52. Amend § 1806.23(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1806.25 [Amended]

53. Amend § 1806.25 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place and

b. In paragraph (c)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place.
Part 1810 Interest Rates Terms Conditions and Approval Authority

54. The authority citation for part 1810 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1989; 14 U.S.C. 1480; 7 CFR 2.23; 7 CFR 2.70.
Subpart A--Interest Rates, Amortization, Guarantee Fee, Annual Charge, and Fixed
Period
§ 1810.1
[Amended]

55. Amend § 1810.1 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency (Rural Business-Cooperative Service and Rural
Housing Service of the U.S. Department of Agriculture)" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "U.S. Department of Agriculture" in
its place.
§ 1810.2 [Amended]

56. Amend § 1810.2(b) and (c) by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in their place.
Part 1822 Rural Housing Loans and Grants

57. The authority citation for part 1822 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

42 U.S.C. 1480; 5 U.S.C. 301; 7 CFR 2.23; 7 CFR 2.70.
Subpart G--Rural Housing Site Loan Policies, Procedures, and Authorizations
§ 1822.261
[Amended]

58. Amend § 1822.261 by removing "assistance to FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development (RD)" in its place and
removing "with an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
employee" and adding "with an RD employee" in its place.
§ 1822.264 [Amended]

59. Amend § 1822.264(b) by removing "The Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RHS" in its place.
§ 1822.265 [Amended]

60. Amend § 1822.265(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354".
§ 1822.266 [Amended]

61. Amend § 1822.266(e)(4) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1822.267 [Amended]

62. Amend § 1822.267 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (d), removing "using a form entitled, "((Rural Housing Site)
Loan to Nonprofit Corporation)" available at all FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 offices";

c. In paragraph (e), removing ", and certain information in a guide entitled
"Planning and Developing Building Sites" available at all FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 offices";

d. In paragraph (h), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

f. In paragraph (k)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (l)(2) introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (l)(2)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

i. In paragraph (l)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (l)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "The government's" in its place.
§ 1822.268 [Amended]

63. Amend § 1822.268(a) by:

a. Removing "charged by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "charged by Rural Development" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "RD office" in its place.
§ 1822.270 [Amended]

64. Amend § 1822.270(a) introductory text by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1822.271 [Amended]

65. Amend § 1822.271 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(3)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place and

b. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs in the column labeled "Form No." and adding "RD" in
its place.
§ 1822.274 [Amended]

66. Amend § 1822.274 by:

a. In paragraph (b) first sentence, removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 1927-1 (state), Real Estate Mortgage -for ___," will"
and adding "Form RD 3550-14, "Real Estate Mortgage or Deed of Trust for
(state)," will" in its place and in the first paragraph of the quoted material
in the third sentence by removing "basis for the FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "basis for Rural Development" in its place;
and

b. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1822.275 [Amended]

67. Amend § 1822.275(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1822.278 [Amended]

68. Amend § 1822.278(g) by:

a. In the first sentence, removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 1927-1 (state), Real Estate ___for___(Direct Loan)," will"
and adding "Form RD 3550-14, "Real Estate Mortgage or Deed of Trust for
(state)," will" in its place; and

b. In the first paragraph of the quoted material in the third sentence, removing
"basis for the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"basis for Rural Development" in its place.
Part 1900 General

69. The authority citation for part 1900 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 7 U.S.C. 6991, et seq.; 42 U.S.C. 1480;
Reorganization Plan No. 2 of 1953 (5 U.S.C. App.).
§ 1900.1 [Amended]

70. Amend § 1900.1 by:

a. Removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. Adding "This subpart is inapplicable to Farm Service Agency, Farm Loan
Programs." at the end of the section.
§ 1900.2 [Amended]

71. Amend § 1900.2 introductory text and paragraph (g) by removing "the Farmers
Home Administration or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1900.3 [Amended]

72. Amend § 1900.3 by removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor
Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1900.5 [Amended]

73. Amend § 1900.5 by removing "the FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1900.6 [Amended]

74. Amend § 1900.6(a) and (b) by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1900.7 [Amended]

75. Amend § 1900.7 by removing "Administrator of the Farmers Home Administration
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary
for Rural Development" in its place.
Subpart C--Applicability of Federal Law
§ 1900.101
[Amended]

76. Amend § 1900.101 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "Agency" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

b. In paragraph (a), removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

c. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1900.102 [Amended]

77. Amend § 1900.102 by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and "Farmers Home Administration or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever they occur and adding "Rural Development" in their place.
Subpart D--Processing and Servicing Rural Development Assistance to Employees,
Relatives, and Associates

78. Revise the heading of Subpart D to read as set forth above.

79. Revise § 1900.151(a) introductory text and (b) to read as follows:
§ 1900.151 General.

(a) The Standards of Ethical Conduct for Employees of the Executive Branch
requires the maintenance of high standards of honesty, integrity, and
impartiality by employees. To reduce the potential for employee conflict of
interest, any processing, approval, servicing or review activity, including
access through automated information systems, is conducted only by authorized
Rural Development employees who:

* * * * *

(b) No provision of this subpart takes precedence over individual program
requirements or restrictions relating to eligibility for Rural Development
assistance to Rural Development employees, members of families of employees,
close relatives, or business or close personal associates of employees.

* * * * *
§ 1900.152 [Amended]

80. Amend § 1900.152 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "
Rural Development" wherever it occurs in its place in the following definitions:

i. `Applicant or borrower';

ii. `Assistance';

iii. `Employee'; and

iv. `Recipient'; and

b. Removing "an FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "a Rural Development" in its place in the definition of `Conflict of
Interest'.

81. Revise § 1900.153 to read as follows:
§ 1900.153 Identifying and reporting an employee relationship.

(a) Responsibility of applicant. When an application for assistance is filed,
the processing official asks if there is any known relationship or association
with a Rural Development employee. The applicant is required to disclose the
requested information under pertinent program regulations.

(b) Responsibility of the Rural Development employee. A Rural Development
employee who knows he or she is related to or associated with an applicant or
recipient, regardless of whether the relationship or association is known to
others, is required to notify the Rural Development official who is processing
or servicing the assistance, in writing. RD Guide Letter 1900-D-1 (available in
any RD office) may be used as the notice. If the appropriate official is not
known, the State Director should be notified. Regardless of whether the
relationship or association is defined in § 1900.152, if the employee believes
there may be a potential conflict of interest, the Rural Development official
who is processing or servicing the assistance may be notified and special
handling requested. An employee's request that the case receive special handling
is usually honored.

(c) Responsibility of the Rural Development official. When any relationship or
association is identified, the Rural Development official completes and submits
RD Guide Letter 1900-D-2 to the State Director (or Administrator, under
paragraph (e) of this section or § 1900.155(a)). When completed, RD Guide Letter
1900-D-3 is returned by the State Director, the processing official;

(d) Relationship or association established after application for Rural
Development assistance. If a relationship or association is established after an
application has been filed or assistance has been provided, both recipient and
employee are required to notify the Rural Development official as described in
paragraphs (a) and (b) of this section.

(e) Relationship or association with a State Office, Finance Office or National
Office employee. If an identified relationship or association is with an
employee at a State Office (other than a State Director), Finance Office or
National Office, the processing/servicing official completes and submits RD
Guide Letter 1900-D-2 to the State Director in the normal manner. The State
Director reviews the information, determines the need for special handling,
designates the processing/servicing official, completes and submits RD Guide
Letter 1900-D-3 to the Administrator for written concurrence. When the
Administrator's concurrence is received, the State Director returns completed RD
Guide Letter 1900-D-3 to the original official who completes the action
described in paragraph (c) of this section.

(f) Relationship or association with a State Director. If an identified
relationship or association is with a State Director, the processing/servicing
official completes and submits RD Guide Letter 1900-D-2 to the Administrator.
The Administrator reviews, determines the need for special handling, designates
the processing/servicing official, completes and returns RD Guide Letter
1900-D-3 to the original official who completes the action described in
paragraph (c) of this section.

(g) Change in relationship or association, status of Rural Development
assistance, or employee's duty station. If the relationship orassociation has
changed, the application denied or the assistance otherwise terminated, or Rural
Development employee's duty station changed, the designated processing/servicing
official completes RD Guide Letter 1900-D-2 with the new information and submits
it. The review process takes place as described in paragraphs (a) through (e) of
this section to determine if processing/servicing activity may return to normal
or requires another change. If the assistance is denied or otherwise terminated,
the designated official notifies the original official.
§ 1900.155 [Amended]

82. Amend § 1900.155(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1900.156 [Amended]

83. Amend § 1900.156(g) by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
Part 1901 Program Related Instructions

84. The authority citation for part 1901 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart K--Certificates of Beneficial Ownership and Insured Notes
§ 1901.501
[Amended]

85. Amend § 1901.501 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.

86. Revise § 1901.503(a)(2) through (a)(7), (a)(9), (a)(10), (a)(12), (a)(13),
(a)(15) through (a)(17), (a)(19), and (b)(1) through (b)(6) to read as follows:
§ 1901.503 Definitions.

(a) * * *

(2) Certificate. A certificate of beneficial ownership issued by Rural
Development under this subpart.

(3) Director, Finance Office. The Director or the Insured Loan Officer of the
Finance Office of Rural Development.

(4) Rural Development. The United States acting through the Rural Housing
Service, the Rural Utilities Service, or the Rural Business-Cooperative Service
or their successor agencies.

(5) Finance Office. The office which maintains the Rural Development finance
records. It is located at 1520 Market Street, St. Louis, Missouri 63103. (Phone:
314-425-4400)

(6) Fixed period. Any time interval (preceding an option period) during which
the insured holder is not entitled to require Rural Development to purchase the
insured note, as specified in the insurance agreement.

(7) Insurance agreement. The entire contract evidencing and setting forth the
terms and conditions of Rural Development insurance of the payment for the
insured note. The insurance agreement with respect to any particular loan may be
evidenced by Form RD 440-5, "Insurance Endorsement (Insured Loan)," RD 440-30,
"Insurance Endorsement (Insure Loans)," or any other form or forms prescribed by
the National Office and executed by an authorized official of Rural Development.
It may include such provisions as, for example, an agreement of Rural
Development to purchase or repurchase the loan, or to make supplementary
payments from the insurance fund.

* * * * *

(9) Insured holder. The current owner of an insured note other than Rural
Development, according to the records of Rural Development as insurer of the
note.

(10) Insured note. Any promissory note or bond evidencing an insured loan
regardless of whether it is held by Rural Development in the insurance fund, by
a private holder, or by Rural Development as trustee.

* * * * *

(12) National Office. The Administrator or other authorized officer of Rural
Development in Washington, DC.

(13) Option period. Any period during which the insured holder has the optional
right to require Rural Development to purchase the insured note, as specified in
the insurance agreement.

* * * * *

(15) Private buyer. A buyer of an insured note other than Rural Development.

(16) Private holder. An insured holder other than Rural Development.

(17) Repurchase agreement. A provision in the insurance agreement obligating
Rural Development to buy the insured note at the option of the holders.

* * * * *

(19) State Director. The State Director of Rural Development for the State in
which is located the real estate improved, purchased, or refinanced with the
loan evidenced by the insured note.

(b) * * *

(1) Reserve bank. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York (and any other Federal
Reserve Bank which agrees to issue securities in book-entry form) as fiscal
agent of the United States acting on behalf of Rural Development and, when
indicated, acting in its individual capacity.

(2) Rural Development security. A certificate representing beneficial ownership
of notes, bonds, debentures, or other similar obligations held by Rural
Development under the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act and title V of
the Housing Act of 1949, issued in the form of a definitive Rural Development
security or a book-entry Rural Development security.

(3) Definitive Rural Development security. A Rural Development security in
engraved on printed form.

(4) Book-entry Rural Development security. A Rural Development security in the
form of an entry made as prescribed in this subpart on the records of a Reserve
bank.

(5) Pledge. A pledge of, or any other security interest in, Rural Development
securities as collateral for loans or advances, or to secure deposits of public
moneys or the performance of an obligation.

(6) Date of call. The date fixed in the official notice of call published in
theFederal Registeron which Rural Development will make payment of the security
before maturity in accordance with its terms.

* * * * *
§ 1901.504 [Amended]

87. Amend § 1901.504 by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354 financing" and adding "Rural Development financing" in its place and by
removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354's fiscal agents"
and adding "Rural Development's fiscal agents" in its place.
§ 1901.505 [Amended]

88. Amend § 1901.505 section heading and paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2), and (b) by
removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1901.506 [Amended]

89. Amend § 1901.506 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" each time it
appears and adding "Rural Development" in the following places:

i. The section heading;

ii. Paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3);

iii. Paragraphs (b)(1) introductory text, (b)(2), (b)(3), (b)(4), (b)(5);

iv. Paragraphs (c)(1) introductory text, (c)(1)(i), (c)(1)(iv), (c)(2), (c)(3),
(c)(4), (c)(5);

v. Paragraphs (d) paragraph heading, (d)(1), (d)(2);

vi. Paragraph (e) paragraph heading and text;

vii. Paragraph (f)(1);

viii. Paragraph (g) paragraph heading and text;

ix. Paragraph (h)(1); and

b. In paragraph (f)(2), removing "the Farmers Homes Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and "Farmers Homes Administration or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
their place.

90. Amend § 1901.507 by:

a. Revising the section heading to read as set forth below;

b. In paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. Removing in paragraph (d)(2) "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (d)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

g. Revising paragraph (e) to read as follows:
§ 1901.507 Certificates of beneficial ownership by the Rural Development Finance
Office.

* * * * *

(e) Assignments. Assignments of certificates should be executed by the owner or
the owner's authorized representative in the presence of an officer authorized
to certify assignments. Registered certificates may be assigned to a specified
transferee or to Rural Development for redemption or for exchange for other
certificates offered at maturity. Assignments to "United States, Rural
Development," "Farmers Home Administration for Transfer," or "Rural Development
for Exchange" will not be accepted unless supplemented by specific instructions
by or in behalf of the owner. If an alteration or erasure has been made in an
assignment, a new assignment from the assignor should be obtained. Otherwise, an
affidavit or explanation by the person responsible for the alteration or erasure
should be submitted for consideration.

* * * * *
§ 1901.508 [Amended]

91. Amend § 1901.508 by:

a. In the introductory text and in paragraphs (a)(1) through (a)(4), removing
"FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and
adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(1)(i), removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354 is requested" and adding "Rural Development is requested" in its place
and removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "made to FmHA or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "made to Rural
Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(4):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "records of FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "records of Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (b)(5):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "However, FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "However, Rural Development" in its place; and

g. In the heading to paragraph (c) and in paragraphs (c)(1) introductory text,
(c)(2), and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1901.509 [Amended]

92. Amend § 1901.509 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354's" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b) introductory text, (b)(1) introductory text, and
(b)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(5):

i. Removing "and FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "and Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (b)(6), removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

e. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
Part 1902 Supervised Bank Accounts

93. The authority citation for part 1902 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 7 U.S.C. 6991, et seq.; 42 U.S.C. 1480;
Reorganization Plan No. 2 of 1953 (5 U.S.C. App.).
Subpart A--Supervised Bank Accounts of Loan, Grant, and Other Funds
§ 1902.1
[Amended]

94. Amend § 1902.1 introductory text by adding at the end of the section "This
subpart is inapplicable to Farm Service Agency, Farm Loan Programs."
§ 1902.4 [Amended]

95. Amend § 1902.4 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "government" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b)(2):

i. Removing "the FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1902.9 [Amended]

96. Amend § 1902.9 in the heading of paragraph (a) by removing "FmHA or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1902.10 [Amended]

97. Amend § 1902.10 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1902.15 [Amended]

98. Amend § 1902.15 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "When FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "When Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place.

b. In paragraphs (a) and (c)(1)(i) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

c. In paragraph(c)(1)(i)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in their place;

d. In paragraph (c)(1)(i)(C), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (c)(1)(ii):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354 indebtedness"
and adding "Rural Development indebtedness" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354 borrower"
and adding "Rural Development borrower" in its place; and

iii. Removing "the FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

f. In paragraphs (c)(1)(iii) and (c)(2)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor
Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1902.16 [Amended]

99. Amend § 1902.16 by:

a. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354s" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d) by removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "due to Rural Development" in its place.
Part 1910 General

100. The authority citation for part 1910 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart B--Credit Reports

100. Section 1910.51 is revised to read as follows:
§ 1910.51 Purpose.

This subpart prescribes the policies and procedures of Rural Development for
individual and joint type credit reports. Credit reports will be ordered to
determine the eligibility of applicants requesting Rural Development loans. A
nonrefundable fee will be charged the applicant. This subpart is inapplicable to
Farm Service Agency, Farm Loan Programs.
Subpart C--Commercial Credit Reports

101. Revise the first sentence of § 1910.101 to read as follows:
§ 1910.101 Preface.

This subpart (§§ 1910.101 through 1910.150) describes the procedure to be used
by Rural Development in obtaining commercial credit reports. * * *
Part 1924 Construction and Repair

102. The authority citation for part 1924 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--Planning and Performing Construction and Other Development
§ 1924.1 [Amended]

103. Amend § 1924.1 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§§ 1924.3, 1924.4, 1924.5, 1924.6, 1924.8, 1924.9, 1924.10, and 1924.13
[Amended]

102. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Agency" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1924.3;

b. Section 1924.4(d), (f), and (p);

c. Section 1924.5(d)(1) introductory text wherever it occurs, (d)(1)(iv),
(d)(1)(v), (f)(1)(i), (f)(1)(iii)(C)(4), (f)(2)(iii), (f)(2)(xii) wherever it
occurs, (g)(3), and (i)(4);

d. Section 1924.6(a)(6), (a)(8), (a)(10)(ii) wherever it occurs, and
(a)(11)(iv);

e. Section 1924.8(e);

f. Section 1924.9(b)(7);

g. Section 1924.10(c)(1) wherever it occurs; and

h. Section 1924.13(a) introductory text, (a)(1), (a)(3), (a)(5)(i)(B) wherever
it occurs, (a)(5)(ii)(C), (a)(5)(vi), (b)(2)(v), (e)(1) introductory text
wherever it occurs, (e)(1)(iii)(B)(2), (e)(2)(i)(B), (e)(2)(ii)(A), and
(e)(2)(vii).
§§ 1924.5, 1924.6, 1924.9, 1924.10, 1924.11, 1924.12, and 1924.13 [Amended]

103. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "RD" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1924.5(b) wherever it occurs, (f)(1)(iii)(F), (f)(2)(i), (g)(1)
introductory text, and (g)(2);

b. Section 1924.6(a)(10)(iv) wherever it occurs, (a)(11)(iii), (a)(12)(ii),
(a)(12)(iii) wherever it occurs, (a)(12)(v)(A), (a)(12)(vi)(C)(2)(i),
(a)(12)(vi)(C)(2)(ii), (b)(3)(i) wherever it occurs, (b)(3)(ii)(C), and
(b)(3)(ii)(G);

c. Section 1924.9(c) wherever it occurs;

d. Section 1924.10(a)(4), (c)(2)(i), and (c)(2)(ii);

e. Section 1924.11(c);

f. Section 1924.12(a), (d)(1), and (d)(2); and

g. Section 1924.13(e)(1)(ii) introductory text wherever it occurs and (e)(2)(x).

§§ 1924.4, 1924.5, 1924.6, 1924.9, and 1924.13 [Amended]

104. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "the Agency" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1924.4(h)(1), (h)(8), and (n);

b. Section 1924.5(d)(1)(i)(E)(1), (f)(1)(ii), (f)(1)(iii)(C), (f)(2)
introductory text, (f)(2)(vii), and (f)(2)(viii);

c. Section 1924.6(a)(2)(vi), (a)(3)(iii)(B), (a)(3)(iv)(D), (a)(3)(iv)(F),
(a)(11)(iv) wherever it occurs, (a)(12)(v)(C) wherever it occurs,
(a)(12)(vi)(C)(1)(ii), and (b)(3)(ii)(F);

d. Section 1924.9(d) and (e); and

e. Section 1924.13(a)(5)(i)(F), (a)(5)(iii)(C), (b)(2) wherever it occurs,
(e)(1)(i)(D), (e)(1)(i)(E), (e)(1)(iii)(B)(3), (e)(1)(vi)(A) wherever it occurs,
(e)(1)(vii)(A)(4), (e)(1)(vii)(B)(3), (e)(2)(i)(D), (e)(2)(ii)(C),
(e)(2)(iii)(C), (e)(2)(ix)(A) wherever it occurs, and (e)(2)(ix)(B).
§ 1924.5 [Amended]

105. Amend § 1924.5 by:

a. In paragraph (d)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (f) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (f)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place;

d. In paragraph (f)(2)(iii):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 for" and
adding "Agency for" in its place;

ii. Removing "that FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will"
and adding "the Agency will" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (h) introductory text:

i. Removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of the Agency" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 forms" and
adding "RD forms" in its place; and

f. in paragraph (i)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place.
§ 1924.6 [Amended]

106. Amend § 1924.6 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "(including FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354)" and adding "(including the
Agency)" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3)(ii), removing "(including FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354)" and adding "(including the Agency)" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will be" and
adding "The Agency will be" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(3)(iii)(A):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 prior" and
adding "the Agency prior" in its place;

ii. Removing "the owner and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the owner and the Agency" in its place;

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place; and

iv. Removing "all FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "all Agency" in its place.

d. In paragraph (a)(11)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 employee" and adding "Agency employee" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (a)(12)(v)(B), removing "provide FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "provide the Agency" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official"
wherever it occurs and adding "Agency official" in its place;

f. In paragraph (a)(12)(vi)(B):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Agency loan" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "by the Agency" in its place;

iii. Removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of the Agency" in its place; and

iv. Removing "the owner and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the owner and the Agency" in its place; and

g. In paragraph (a)(12)(vi)(C) introductory text:

i. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Agency loan" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "the Agency will" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1924.9 [Amended]

107. Amend § 1924.9 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "Rural Development office" and adding "Agency office" in its place;

ii. Removing "RHS or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 inpections"
wherever it occurs and adding "Agency inspections" in its place; and

iii. Removing "RHS or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "the Agency has" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1924.10 [Amended]

108. Amend § 1924.10(a)(3) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's security" and adding "the Agency's security" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 security"
and adding "Agency security" in its place.
§ 1924.12 [Amended]

109. Amend § 1924.12 by:

a. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "the owner and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the owner and the Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Agency office" in
its place; and

c. In paragraph (d)(4), removing "notifies FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "notifies the Agency" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form
RD" in its place.
§ 1924.13 [Amended]

110. Amend § 1924.13 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(4)(iii), removing "The Farmers Home Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Approval
Official" and adding "Agency Approval Official" in its place;

b. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii)(F):

i. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "to the Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
regulations" and adding "Agency regulations" in its place;

c. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii)(G), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 offices" and adding"Agency offices" in its place, and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii)(H), removing "The Farmers Home Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Official"
and adding "Agency Official" in its place;

e. In paragraph (e)(1)(iv):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 with" and
adding "the Agency with" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 offices"
and adding "Agency offices" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
and adding "Agency personnel" in its place;

f. In paragraph (e)(1)(v) introductory text:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Agency office" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "the Agency will" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 contractor"
and adding "Agency contractor" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 contracts"
and adding "Agency contracts" in its place; and

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
and adding "Agency personnel" in its place;

g. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(A), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "to FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in its
place;

h. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(B):

i. Removing "the owner and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the owner and the Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "prior to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "prior to the Agency" in its place; and

iv. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

i. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(C):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place;

j. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(D), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations" and adding "Agency
regulations" in its place;

k. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(E):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 reserves"
and adding "The Agency reserves" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iv. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "to the Agency" in its place;

l. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(G):

i. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Forms RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1944-31" and
adding "RD 1944-31" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Agency office" in its place;

m. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(I):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place;

n. In paragraph (e)(1)(vi) introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 as shown" and adding "the Agency as shown" in its place;

o. In paragraph (e)(2)(i)(G), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "by FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its
place;

p. In paragraph (e)(2)(i)(H), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "to FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in its
place;

q. In paragraph (e)(2)(viii) introductory text:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 contractor"
and adding "Agency contractor" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 contracts"
and adding "Agency contracts" in its place;

r. In paragraph (e)(2)(viii)(A):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations"
and adding "Agency regulations" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 reserves"
and adding "The Agency reserves" in its place;

iv. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to the Agency" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place; and

vi. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

s. In paragraph (e)(2)(viii)(B):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 must" and
adding "the Agency must" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

t. In paragraph (e)(2)(viii)(D):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place; and

u. In paragraph (e)(2)(ix):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District" and
adding "Agency District" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to the Agency" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Representative" and adding "Agency Representative" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 does not" and
adding "the Agency does not" in its place.
Exhibit B to Subpart A [Amended]

111. Amend Exhibit B to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of the Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "an Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph I.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraph III.B:

i. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "an Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "local FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "local Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph IV, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

e. In paragraph V introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

f. In paragraph V.D introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraph V.E, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

h. In paragraph V.H, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

i. In paragraph V.J, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

j. In paragraph VI.A introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

k. In paragraph VI.A.3, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

l. In paragraph VII.C introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

m. In paragraph IX, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "The Agency will" in its place and removing "of the
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "of the
Agency" in its place;

n. In paragraph X.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

o. In paragraph X.C, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

p. In Attachment 1 to Exhibit B by:

i. In the introductory text, removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Agency" in its place;

ii. In paragraph A.10, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

iii. In paragraph B.4(c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "U.S. Department of Agriculture," in its place;

q. In Attachment 2 to Exhibit B by:

i. In the second introductory paragraph, removing "Farmers Home Administration
(FmHA) or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in
its place;

ii. In paragraph 2, removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its place;

iii. In paragraph 3, removing "local FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "local Agency" in its place;

iv. In paragraph 3, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

v. In paragraph 3, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Thermal" and adding "Agency Thermal" in its place;

vi. In paragraph 6 and the second undesginated concluding paragraph, removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel" and adding "RD
personnel" in its place;

vii. In paragraph 6, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 State" and adding "Agency State" in its place; and

viii. In paragraph 6, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 inspection" and adding "RD inspection" in its place; and

r. In Attachment 5 to Exhibit B by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place.
Exhibit C to Subpart A [Amended]

112. Amend Exhibit C to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In paragraphs II.A introductory text and V.B introductory text, removing "any
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and
adding "any Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraphs IV introductory text and IV.A introductory text, removing"Form
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraph IV.A.1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 form" and adding "RD form" in its place.
Exhibit D to Subpart A [Amended]

113. Amend Exhibit D to Subpart A of Part 1924 by removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Agency" in its place in the following places:

a. Paragraph IV.A;

b. Paragraph IV.C.1.a;

c. Paragraph IV.C.1.b;

d. Paragraph IV.C.2.b; and

e. Paragraph V.A.
Exhibit H to Subpart A [Amended]

114. Amend Exhibit H to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In paragraph II, removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph IV.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 requires" and adding "the Agency requires" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 County" and adding
"Agency County" in its place;

c. In paragraph IV.C, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 requires" and adding "the Agency requires" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 County" and adding
"Agency County" in its place;

d. In paragraph IV.D, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place; and

e. In paragraph IV.E, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
Exhibit I to Subpart A [Amended]

115. Amend Exhibit I to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "the Agency" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph 300-3; and

ii. Paragraph 302-2.5; and

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Agency" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph 302-2.3;

ii Paragraph 303-1.
Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended]

116. Amend Exhibit J to Subpart A of Part 1924, Part A by:

a. In Section I:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 field" and
adding "Agency field" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 housing" and
adding "Agency housing" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and
adding "The Agency may" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "The Agency will" in its place;

b. In Section II introductory text by:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "The Agency has" in its place;

ii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to the Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of Agency" in its place;

c. In Section II.B:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 field" and
adding "Agency field" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Agency loan" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354/MPS" and
adding "Agency/MPS" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 in that" and
adding "the Agency in that" in its place;

d. In Section III:

i. In the definition of `Manufactured Home" removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place; and

ii. In the definition of `Permanent Perimeter Enclosure' removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 adopted" and adding "Agency adopted"
in its place;

e. In Section IV, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

f. In Section V:

i. In the introductory text, removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its place;

ii. In Section V.2, removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its place and removing "to FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in its
place; and

iii. In Section V.2.B introductory text, removing "by FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations" and
adding "Agency regulations" in its place;
Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended]

117. Amend Exhibit J to Subpart A of Part 1924, Part B by:

a. In Section I.C removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place;

b. In Section I.I, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In Section II.A introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place and removing
"to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the
Agency" in its place;

d. In Section II.A.1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place and removing "to FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in its
place;

e. In Section II.A.2, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

f. In Section II.A.4, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

g. In Section II.A.6, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 adopted" and adding "Agency adopted" in its place and removing "to FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in
its place;

h. In Section II.A.8, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place;

i. In Section II.C.1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place;

j. In Section II.C.2, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under PublicLaw
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place;

k. In Section III.A, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place;

l. In Section III.C, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

m. In Section IV.A.1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place; and

n. In Section IV.C.2, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place and removing "by FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its
place;
Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended]

118. Amend Exhibit J to Subpart A of Part 1924, Part C by:

a. In Section I introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

b. In Section I.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In Section I.C:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 County" and
adding "Agency County" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354/MPS" and
adding "Agency/MPS" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place; and

d. In Section V.A, removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended]

119. Amend Exhibit J to Subpart A of Part 1924, Part D, Inspection of
Development Works, Section II.D by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place.
Exhibit K to Subpart A [Amended]

120. Amend Exhibit K to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In Section I, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

b. In Section II, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" wherever it occurs and adding "the Agency's" in its place and
removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "between the Agency" in its place; and

c. In Section III, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place.
Exhibit L to Subpart A [Amended]

121. Amend Exhibit L to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In Section I introductory text, removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA)
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its
place;

b. In Section I.A, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

c. In Section I.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

d. In Section I.C, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

e. In Section II.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the Agency" in its place;

f. In Section III.E, removing "if FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "if the Agency" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 inspections" wherever it occurs and
adding "Agency inspections" in its place;

g. In Section IV.A(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

h. In Section IV.B(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

i. In Section IV.B(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

j. In Attachment 1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place.
Subpart C--Planning and Performing Site Development Work
§§ 1924.103 and 1924.119
[Amended]

122. Amend §§ 1924.103 and 1924.119 by removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its
place and by removing "(available in any RHS field office)" wherever it occurs.
Subpart F--Complaints and Compensation for Construction Defects
§ 1924.251
[Amended]

123. Amend § 1924.251 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§§ 1924.252, 1924.253, 1924.258, 1924.260, 1924.261, 1924.262, 1924.265,
1924.266, 1924.274, and 1924.276 [Amended]

124. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1924.252;

b. Section 1924.253;

c. Section 1924.258;

d. Section 1924.260;

e. Section 1924.261;

f. Section 1924.262;

g. Section 1924.265;

h. Section 1924.266;

i. Section 1924.274; and

j. Section 1924.276.
§ 1924.259 [Amended]

125. Amend § 1924.259 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "a format specified by FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (available in any FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office)" and adding "a Rural Development approved
format" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 using a format specified by FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 (available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 office)" and adding "Rural Development using a Rural Development
approved format" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (c), (d), and (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (e)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's findings" and adding "the findings" in its place; and

e. In paragraphs (e)(2)(i), (e)(2)(ii), (e)(3), and (e)(4), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "
Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1924.271 [Amended]

126. Amend § 1924.271 by removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place and by removing
"(available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office)".
§ 1924.273 [Amended]

127. Amend § 1924.273 by removing "(available in any FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 office)".
Part 1925 Taxes

128. The authority citation for part 1925 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart C--Planning and Performing Site Development Work
§ 1925.2
[Amended]

129. Amend § 1925.2 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1925.3 [Amended]

130. Amend § 1925.3(c) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1925.4 [Amended]

131. Amend § 1925.4 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
Part 1927 Title Clearance and Loan Closing

132. The authority citation for part 1927 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart B--Real Estate Title Clearance and Loan Closing
§ 1927.52
[Amended]

133. Amend § 1927.52 by removing the definition of "FSA" and revising the
definitions of "Agency", "National Office", "RHS", and "State Office" to read as
follows:
§ 1927.52 Definitions.

Agency. The Rural Housing Service (RHS) or its successor agency.

* * * * *

National Office. The National Headquarters Office of RHS.

* * * * *

RHS. The Rural Housing Service, an agency of the United States Department of
Agriculture, or its successor agency.

* * * * *

State Office. This term refers to the Rural Development State Director.

* * * * *
Part 1940 General

134. The authority citation for part 1940 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; and 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart I--Truth in Lending-Real Estate Settlement Procedures
§ 1940.401
[Amended]

135. Amend § 1940.401 by:

a. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d)(4)(iii), removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 to the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
County Office" and adding "by Rural Development to the Rural Development County
Office" in its place.
§ 1940.406 [Amended]

136. Amend § 1940.406 by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
Subpart L--Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program
Funds
§ 1940.551
[Amended]

137. Amend § 1940.551 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Administrator of the Farmers Home Administration
(FmHA) or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Administrator for the Rural Business-Cooperative Service or the Administrator
for the Rural Housing Service, as applicable," in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1940.552, 1940.557, 1940.578, and 1940.585 [Amended]

138. Amend §§ 1940.552(e), 1940.577(b)(2), 1940.578(k), and 1940.585(g) by
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.

139. Revise § 1940.560(b)(3) to read as follows:
§ 1940.560 Guaranteed Rural Rental Housing Program.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(3) State's percentage of National average cost per unit. The data source for
the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(1) of this section is the most recent
decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census). The data source for
the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(2) of this section is 5-year income
data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data. The data source for the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(3) of this
section is the cost per unit data using the applicable maximum per unit dollar
amount limitations under section 207(c) of the National Housing Act, which can
be obtained from the Department of Housing and Urban Development. The percentage
representing each criterion is multiplied by the weight assigned and totaled to
arrive at a State factor.

State Factor = (criterion No. 1 × weight of 40%) + (criterion No. 1 × weight of
40%) + (criterion No. 1 × weight of 20%)

* * * * *

140. In § 1940.563, revise paragraph (b)(4) and add paragraph (b)(5) to read as
follows:
§ 1940.563 Section 502 non-subsidized guaranteed Rural Housing (RH) loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(4) State's percentage of the national number of rural renter households paying
more than 35 percent of income for rent. The data source for each criterion is
specified in paragraph (b)(5) of this section. Each criterion is assigned a
specific weight according to its relevance in determining need. The percentage
representing each criterion is multiplied by the weight factor and summed to
arrive at a basic State factor (SF) as follows:

SF = (criterion 1 × weight of 30%) + (criterion 2 × weight of 10%) + (criterion
3 × weight of 30%) + (criterion 4 × weight of 30%)

(5) The data source for the criteria specified in paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(2)
of this section is the most recent decennial Census. The data source for the
criteria specified in paragraph (b)(3) and (b)(4) of this section is 5-year
income data from the AmericanCommunity Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census
Bureau data.

* * * * *

141. In § 1940.564, revise paragraph (b)(4) and add paragraph (b)(5) to read as
follows:
§ 1940.564 Section 502 subsidized guaranteed Rural Housing loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(4) State's percentage of the national number of rural renter households paying
more than 35 percent of income for rent. The data source for each criterion is
specified in paragraph (b)(5) of this section. Each criterion is assigned a
specific weight according to its relevance in determining need. The percentage
representing each criterion is multiplied by the weight factor and summed to
arrive at a basic State factor (SF) as follows:

SF = (criterion 1 × weight of 30%) + (criterion 2 × weight of 10%) + (criterion
3 × weight of 30%) + (criterion 4 × weight of 30%)

(5) The data source for the criteria specified in paragraphs (b)(1), (b)(2), and
(b)(4) of this section is the most recent decennial Census. The data source for
the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(3) of this section is 5-year income
data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data.

* * * * *

142. Revise § 1940.566(b)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1940.566 Section 504 Housing Repair loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) State's percentage of the National number of rural households below 50
percent of area median income. The data source for the first criterion is the
most recent decennial Census data. The data source for the second criterion is
5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other
Census Bureau data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to
its relevance in determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is
multiplied by the weight factor and summed to arrive at a basic State factor
(SF).

SF = (criterion No. 1 × weight of 50%) + (criterion No. 2 × weight of 50%)

* * * * *

143. Revise § 1940.567(b)(3) to read as follows:
§ 1940.567 Section 504 Housing Repair grants.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(3) State's percentage of the National number of rural households below 50
percent of area median income. The data source for the first two of these
criteria is the most recent decennial Census data. The data source for the third
criterion is the 5-year data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if
needed, other Census Bureau data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight
according to its relevance in determining need. The percentage representing each
criterion is multiplied by the weight factor and summed to arrive at a basic
State factor (SF).

SF = (criterion No. 1 × weight of 33 1/3%) + (criterion No. 2 × weight of 33
1/3%) + (criterion No. 3 × weight of 33 1/3%)

* * * * *

144. Revise § 1940.575(b)(3) to read as follows:
§ 1940.575 Section 515 Rural Rental Housing (RRH) loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(3) State's percentage of National rural families with incomes below the poverty
level. The data source for the first two of these criterion is the most recent
decennial Census data. The data source for the third criterion is the 5-year
data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its relevance in
determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is multiplied by
the weight assigned and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF).

SF = (criterion No. 1 × weight of 33 1/3%) + (criterion No. 2 × weight of 33
1/3%) + (criterion No. 3 × weight of 33 1/3%)

* * * * *

145. Revise § 1940.585(b)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1940.585 Community Facility loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) The data source for the first criterion is the most recent decennial Census
data. The data source for the second criterion is the 5-year data from the
American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. The
data source for the third criterion is the most recent Bureau of Labor
Statistics data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its
relevance in determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is
multiplied by the weight factor and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF). The
SF cannot exceed 0.05.

SF = (criterion (b)(1)(i) × 50 percent) + (criterion (b)(1)(ii) × 25 percent) +
(criterion (b)(1)(iii) × 25 percent)

* * * * *

146. Amend § 1940.591 by:

a. Revising paragraph (b)(2); and

b. In paragraph (g), removing "(available in any FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office)."

The revision reads as follows:
§ 1940.591 Community Program Guaranteed loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) The data source for the first criterion is the most recent decennial Census
data. The data source for the second criterion is the 5-year data from the
American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. The
data source for the third criterion is the most recent Bureau of Labor
Statistics data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its
relevance in determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is
multiplied by the weight factor and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF). The
SF cannot exceed 0.05.

SF = (criterion (b)(1)(i) × 50 percent) + (criterion (b)(1)(ii) × 25 percent) +
(criterion (b)(1)(iii) × 25 percent)

* * * * *

147. Revise § 1940.592(b)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1940.592 Community facilities grants.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) The data source for the first criterion is the most recent decennial Census
data. The data source for the second criterion is the 5-year data from the
American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. Each
criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its relevance in
determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is multiplied by
the weight factor and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF).

SF (criterion (b)(1)(i) × 50 percent) + (criterion (b)(1)(ii) × 50 percent)

* * * * *
Subpart T--System for Delivery of Certain Rural Development Programs
§ 1940.951
[Amended]

148. Amend § 1940.951 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

b. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under PublicLaw
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1940.953 [Amended]

149. Amend § 1940.953 by:

a. In the definition of `Administrator', removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Business--Cooperative Service, Rural
Housing Service, or Rural Utilities Service" in its place; and

b. In the defintion of `State Director', removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1940.956, 1940.957, 1940.960, and 1940.969 [Amended]

150. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1940.956;

b. Section 1940.957(d);

c. Section 1940.960(a); and

d. Section 1940.969.
§ 1940.961 [Amended]

151. Amend § 1940.961 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
State" and adding "RD State" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (d)(1), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place.
§ 1940.965 [Amended]

152. Amend § 1940.965 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1940.968 [Amended]

153. Amend § 1940.968 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (c) and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (h)(4), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

d. In paragraph (i)(2)(vii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (i)(3)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (i)(3)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

g. In paragraph (i)(3)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (i)(3)(iv), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD
Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

i. In paragraph (j)(2):

i. Removing "Exhibit A (available from any FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354RD State Office), shall be attached to and become a permanent
part of Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1940-A and
the following paragraphs will appear in the comment section of that form:" and
adding "Exhibit A of this subpart (available from any Rural Development State
Office) shall be attached to and become a permanent part of Form RD 1940-1 and
the following paragraphs will appear in the comment section of that form:" in
its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 7 CFR part
1940" and adding "7 CFR part 1940" in its place; and

iii. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "approved by Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (j)(4), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will retain" and adding "
Rural Development will retain" in its place;

k. In paragraph (j)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

l. In paragraphs (j)(7) and (l), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
Part 1942 Associations

154. The authority citation for part 1942 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--Community Facility Loan
§ 1942.1
[Amended]

155. Amend § 1942.1 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Agency's" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

c. In pragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1942.2 [Amended]

156. Amend § 1942.2:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD's" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2)(iv), removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "by RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 funding" and adding "Agency funding" in its place and removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will issue" and adding "the Agency
will issue" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in their place;

e. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

f. In paragraphs (d) and (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1942.3 [Amended]

157. Amend § 1942.3 by:

a. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

b. Removing "422-10" and adding "442-10" in its place; and

c. Removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the RD" in its place.
§ 1942.5 [Amended]

158. Amend § 1942.5 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "Ordinarily FmHA or itssuccessor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The Rural Development" in its place
and removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place and removing
"(Public Resolution)" and adding "(Public Bodies)" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(1)(ii):

i. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
by written" and adding "approved by written" in its place;

ii. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
shall" and adding "approved by RD shall" in its place;

iii. Removing "If FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 makes
the loan" and adding "If (insert agency name) makes the loan" in its place;

iv. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

v. Removing "submitted to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "submitted to RD" in its place; and

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 reserves"
and adding "Rural Development reserves" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (b)(1)(ii)(E) and (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its
place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Form RD" in its place;

f. In paragraphs (d)(1) and (d)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (d)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Field Office terminal" and adding "automated terminal" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (d)(5):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Field" and
adding "Rural Development Field" in its place;

ii. Removing "the Legislative Affairs and Public Information Staff in the
National Office" and adding "the Legislative and Public Affairs Staff in the
Rural Development National Office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

i. In paragraph (d)(6), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

j. In paragraph (d)(7) introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Field" and adding "Rural
Development Field" in its place; and

k. In paragraph (d)(7)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1942.6 [Amended]

159. Amend § 1942.6 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1942.8 [Amended]

160. Amend § 1942.8:

a. In paragraph (d), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (g), removing "review of FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "review of Rural Developments's" in its place;
and

c. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 personnel" and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and
adding "RD Instruction" in its place.
§ 1942.16 [Amended]

161. Amend § 1942.16 introductory text by removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
§ 1942.17 [Amended]

162. Amend § 1942.17 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "
Rural Development" in its place wherever it occurs in the following places:

i. Paragraph (a);

ii. Paragraphs (b)(2)(i), (b)(3), and (b)(4);

iii. Paragraphs (c)(1), (c)(2) introductory text, and (c)(2)(iv) introductory
text;

iv. Paragraphs (d)(1)(iv)(B), (d)(1)(iv)(G) introductory text,
(d)(1)(iv)(G)(2)(ii), (d)(1)(v) introductory text, (d)(1)(v)(C), and
(d)(1)(v)(D);

v. Paragraphs (e)(1) introductory text, (e)(1)(ii), and (e)(4);

vi. Paragraph (f)(6);

vii. Paragraph (f)(7) introductory text and (f)(7)(i)(D);

viii. Paragraph (g) introductory text;

ix. Paragraphs (h) introductory text, (h)(1)(ii)(B), (h)(2)(ii)(A)(2),
(h)(2)(ii)(B), (h)(2)(iii) introductory text, (h)(2)(iii)(C), and (h)(3)
introductory text;

x. Paragraphs (j)(3)(i)(A) through (D), (j)(3)(ii)(A), (j)(4) introductory text,
(j)(4)(iii)(C), (j)(5), (j)(7), (j)(9), (j)(10)(ii), (j)(10)(iv), and (j)(11);

xi. Paragraphs (k) introductory text, (k)(1)(iv), (k)(4), and (k)(5);

xii. Paragraphs (m)(3) through (m)(6);

xiii. Paragraphs (n)(1), (n)(2)(xiii), (n)(3)(ii), and (n)(6);

xiv. Paragraph (o)(3);

xv. Paragraphs (p)(2) introductory text, (p)(2)(iii), and (p)(3)(i) through
(iii);

b. Revising paragraphs (b)(1)(i)(A), (b)(1)(i)(B), (b)(2)(iii), and (b)(2)(iv);

c. In paragraph (b)(5), removing in the paragraph heading "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354"; and removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 shall" and adding "The Government shall" in its place;

d. In paragraph (c)(2)(iii)(E), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 funds" and adding "Rural Devleopment funds" in its place and
removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "between Rural Development's" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d)(1)(v)(E):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and
adding "Rural Development may" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
authorization" and adding "Rural Development's authorization" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
authorization" and adding "Rural Development authorization" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 approval"
and adding "Rural Development approval" in its place;

f. In paragraph (f)(5), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

g. In paragraph (f)(6), revising the third, fourth, and fifth sentences;

h. In paragraphs (g)(1) introductory text and (g)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the
United States" in its place;

i. In paragraph (g)(1)(ii) introductory text:

i. Removing "acceptable to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "acceptable to the United States" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 portion" and
adding "United States portion" in its place;

iii. Removing "include FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "include United States" in its place;

iv. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State
Director" and adding "the State Director" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 must" and
adding "The United States must" in its place;

j. In paragraph (g)(1)(iv), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354";

k. In paragraph (g)(2)(iii)(A)(7):

i. Removing "Farmers Home Adminstration or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

l. In paragraph (g)(3)(i) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

m. In paragraphs (g)(3)(i)(B) and (D), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the United States" in
its place;

n. In paragraph (g)(3)(iii)(A)(3):

i. Removing "Farmers Home Adminstration or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

o. In paragraph (h)(2)(i)(B)(2), removing "the Farmers Home Administration or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

p. In paragraph (j)(3) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "RD's" in its place;

q. In paragraph (j)(3)(ii)(B):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "acceptable to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "acceptable to Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "determined by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "determined by Rural Development" in its place;

r. Revising paragraph (j)(3)(iii);

s. In paragraph (j)(4)(i) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

t. In paragraph (j)(4)(i)(A), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "give FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "give Rural
Development" in its place;

u. In paragraph (j)(4)(i)(B) introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place and removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

v. In paragraph (j)(4)(i)(B)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

w. In paragraph (j)(6)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

x. In paragraph (k)(7), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 financial" and adding "Agency financial" in its place and removing "The
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State Director" and adding
"The State Director" in its place;

y. In paragraph (k)(8), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

z. In paragraph (l)(1):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 concurrence"
and adding "Agency concurrence" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354/EPA" and
adding "Agency/EPA" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 and EPA" and
adding "RD and EPA" in its place;

aa. In paragraph (l)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

bb. In paragraphs (l)(4) and (m)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

cc. In paragraph (m)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will
tentatively" and adding "RD will tentatively" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "agency loan" in its place;

iii. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "where FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "where Rural Development" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will notify"
and adding "Rural Development will notify" in its place; and

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loans" and
adding "Rural Development loans" in its place;

dd. In paragraph (n)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

ee. In paragraph (n)(2)(vii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

ff. In paragraph (n)(2)(x), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

gg. In paragraph (n)(3) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 funds" and
adding "Rural Development funds" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
commitment" and adding "Rural Development's commitment" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Rural Development loan" in its place;

iv. Removing "When an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "When a Rural Development" in its place; and

v. Removing "provide FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "provide Rural Development" in its place;

hh. In paragraph (p)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

ii. In paragraph (p)(4):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 funds" and
adding "Rural Development funds" in its place;

ii. Removing "benefit of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "benefit of Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

jj. In paragraph (p)(5), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 funds" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place
and removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

kk. In paragraph (p)(6)(i)(A):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "agency loan" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 grant" and
adding "agency grant" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
indebtedness" and adding "RD indebtedness" in its place; and

11. In paragraph (p)(6)(i)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "agency" in its place.

The revisions read as follows:
§ 1942.17 Community facilities.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(1) * * *

(i) * * *

(A) Loans for water or waste disposal facilities will not be made to a city or
town with a population in excess of 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is
obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data.

(B) Loans for essential community facilities will not be made to a city or town
with a population in excess of 20,000 inhabitants according to the most recent
decennial Census.

* * * * *

(2) * * *

(iii) For water or waste disposal facilities, the terms rural and rural area
will not include any area in any city or town with a population in excess of
10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from the most recent
decennial Census. If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from
the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population
figure based on available population data.

(iv) For essential community facilities, the terms rural and rural area will not
include any area in any city or town with a population in excess of 20,000
inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial
Census. If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data.

* * * * *

(f) * * *

(6) Income determination.* * * The median household income of the service area
and the nonmetropolitan median household income of the State will be determined
from 5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed,
other Census Bureau data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other
Census Bureau data does not accurately represent the median household income
within the area to be served, the reasons will be documented and the applicant
may furnish, or Rural Development may obtain, additional information regarding
such median household income data. Information must consist of reliable data
from local, regional, State or Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a
reliable impartial source. * * *

(j) * * *

(3) * * *

(iii) Insurance. The following types of coverage must be maintained if
appropriate for the type of project and entity involved. Insurance must be in
amounts acceptable to the Agency and at least equivalent to coverage for real
property and equipment acquired without Federal funds.

(A) Property insurance. Fire and extended coverage will normally be maintained
on all structures except as noted in paragraphs (j)(3)(iii)(A)(1) and (2) of
this section. Ordinarily, Rural Development should be listed as mortgagee on the
policy when Rural Development has a lien on the property. Normally, major items
of equipment or machinery located in the insured structures must also be
covered. Exceptions:

(1) Reservoirs, standpipes, elevated tanks, and other structures built entirely
of noncombustible materials if such structures are not normally insured.

(2) Subsurface lift stations except for the value of electrical and pumping
equipment therein.

(B) Liability and property damage insurance, including vehicular coverage.

(C) Malpractice insurance. The need and requirements for malpractice insurance
will be carefully and thoroughly considered in connection with each health care
facility financed.

(D) Flood insurance. Facilities located in special flood- and mudslide-prone
areas must comply with the eligibility and insurance requirements of subpart B
of part 1806 of this chapter (RD Instruction 426.2).

(E) Worker's compensation. The borrower will carry worker's compensation
insurance for employees in accordance with State laws.

* * * * *
§ 1942.18 [Amended]

163. Amend § 1942.18 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "
Rural Development" in its place wherever it occurs in the following places:

i. Paragraph (b);

ii. Paragraph (c);

iii. Paragraphs (d) introductory text, (d)(4), and (d)(11);

iv. Paragraph(e)(2);

v. Paragraphs(f)(1) introductory text, (f)(1)(iii)(C), (f)(5), and (f)(6);

vi. Paragraph (g);

vii. Paragraph (h);

viii. Paragraphs (j)(1) introductory text, (j)(2), and (j)(5)(iv);

ix. Paragraph (k)(5);

x. Paragraphs (m) introductory text, (m)(1) introductory text, (m)(2), and
(m)(4);

xi. Paragraphs (n) introductory text, (n)(5), (n)(6), (n)(8), (n)(9), and
(n)(11); and

xii. Paragraphs (o)(2) introductory text, (o)(2)(iii) introductory text,
(o)(2)(iii)(B), (o)(4)(iv), (o)(6), (o)(7)(i)introductory text, and (o)(7)(iii)
introductory text;

b. In paragraph (d)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (d)(1)(i):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 offices" and
adding "Rural Development offices" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
eligibility" and adding "the Rural Development's eligibility" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d)(16), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "Rural Development will" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's State" and adding "
Rural Development's State" in its place;

e. In paragraph (e)(1):

i. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (f) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 review" and
adding "Rural Development review" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Rural Development loan" in its place; and

v. Removing "pledged to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "pledged to Rural Development" in its place;

g. In paragraphs (f)(1)(iii)(B)(2) and(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (n)(3):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "acting through the Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "acting through Rural Development"
in its place;

i. In paragraph (o)(1), removing "where FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "where Rural Development" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

j. In paragraph (o)(3):

i. Removing "made by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "made by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 for
acceptance" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development for acceptance" in
its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iv. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from Rural Development" in its place;

k. In paragraph (o)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 State" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development State" in its
place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Form RD" in its place;

l. In paragraph (o)(7)(i)(C), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place; and

m. In paragraph (o)(7)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and adding "the Rural
Development State" in its place.
§ 1942.19 [Amended]

164. Amend § 1942.19 by:

a. In the following paragraphs, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place:

i. Paragraphs (b)(1), (b)(2) introductory text, (b)(2)(iv), and (b)(2)(vi);

ii. Paragraph (c)(11);

iii. Paragraph (d);

iv. Paragraphs (e) introductory text and (e)(2)(i) through (e)(2)(iii);

v. Paragraph (f);

vi. Paragraph (g) introductory text; and

vii. Paragraphs (h)(1), (h)(4), (h)(7), (h)(9), (h)(10)(ii), and (h)(10)(iii).

b. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place and removing "discusesd" and adding "discussed" in its place;

c. In paragraph (e)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (e)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 advance" and adding "
Rural Development advance" in its place;

e. In paragraph (h)(2):

i. Removing "purchased by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "purchased by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "address of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "address of Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State
Office" and adding "Rural Development State Office" in its place;

f. In paragraph (h)(10)(iv), removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (h)(11)(iii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

h. In paragraph (i):

i. Removing "Bidding by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Bidding by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will not"
and adding "Rural Development will not" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's rates"
and adding "Rural Development's rates" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will
negotiate" and adding "Rural Development will negotiate" in its place.
§ 1942.20 [Amended]

165. Amend § 1942.20 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354";

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Agency's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(12), removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354--Department of Agriculture Pertaining to EDA
Public Works Projects Assisted by an FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Loan" and adding "Department of Agriculture Pertaining to EDA Public
Works Projects Assisted by an Agency Loan" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(13), removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354-";

e. In paragraphs (a)(18) and (a)(20), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

f. In paragraph (a)(25), removing "EPA and FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Environmental Protection Agency and the Agency"
in its place; and

g. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place.
Subpart C--Fire and Rescue and Other Small Community Facilities Projects
§ 1942.102
[Amended]

166. Amend § 1942.102 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "RD's" in its place.
§ 1942.105 [Amended]

167. Amend § 1942.105 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.107 [Amended]

168. Amend § 1942.107(c) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 funds" and adding "Agency funds" in its place and by removing "by
Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by RD" in its place.
§ 1942.108 [Amended]

169. Amend § 1942.108(c) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.112 [Amended]

170. Amend § 1942.112 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 approval" and adding "Agency approval" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines" and
adding "RD determines" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (a)(3)(iii) and (a)(3)(iv), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (a)(3)(v):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may
authorize" and adding "RD may authorize" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
authorization" and adding "RD's authorization" in its place;

iii. Removing "and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
authorization" and adding "and Agency authorization" in its place; and

iv. Removing "without FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
approval" and adding "without Agency approval" in its place.
§ 1942.114 [Amended]

171. Amend § 1942.114 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1942.115 [Amended]

172. Amend § 1942.115 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 may require" and adding "RD may require" in its place and by removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employee" and adding
"Agency employee" in its place.
§ 1942.116 [Amended]

173. Amend § 1942.116 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (a) and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.122 [Amended]

174. Amend § 1942.122 by:

a. In the heading of paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.123 [Amended]

175. Amend § 1942.123 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(1) and (i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (k):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
and adding "Agency personnel" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "RD office" in its place.
§ 1942.126 [Amended]

176. Amend § 1942.126 by:

a. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 may" and adding "RD may" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "RD office" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 concurrence" and adding "Agency concurrence" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and adding "RD may"
in its place;

d. In paragraphs (b)(3), (c), and (d)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 for approval"
and adding "RD for approval" in its place;

ii. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law103-354"
and adding "approved by RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District"
and adding "Agency District" in its place;

f. In paragraph (h) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraph (k), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (l)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "RD will" in its place and removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (l)(2), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "to RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 funds" and adding "Agency funds" in its place;

j. In paragraph (l)(2)(iii) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

k. In paragraph (l)(2)(iii)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

l. In paragraph (l)(3) introductory text:

i. Removing "or FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "or RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "inspector to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "inspector to RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District"
and adding "Agency District" in its place;

iv. Removing "guide 11" and adding "Guide 11" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

vi. Removing "Inspections by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Inspections by RD" in its place;

m. In paragraph (l)(4), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State Director" and adding "Agency
State Director" in its place;

n. In paragraphs (l)(5) and (l)(6)(i) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in
its place;

o. In paragraph (l)(6)(i)(C), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "RD's" in its place; and

p. In paragraph (l)(6)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District" and adding "Agency District"
in its place; and

q. In paragraph (l)(6)(iii) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1942.127 [Amended]

177. Amend § 1942.127 by:

a. In paragraph (e)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by RD" in
its place; and

b. In paragraph (e)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 loan" and adding "Agency loan" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and adding "RD may" in its place.

§ 1942.128 [Amended]

178. Amend § 1942.128(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.134 [Amended]

179. Amend § 1942.134 introductory text by removing "FmHA Instruction" and
adding "RD Instruction" in its place and by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and adding "Rural Development office" in
its place.
Subpart G--Rural Business Enterprise Grants and Television Demonstration Grants
§ 1942.301
[Amended]

180. Amend § 1942.301 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever they occur and adding "Agency" in their
place.
§§ 1942.302. 1942.303, and 1942.304 [Amended]

181. Amend §§ 1942.302, 1942.303, and 1942.304 by removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Agency" in its place.

182. In addition to the amendments set forth above, in § 1942.304, revise the
definition of "Rural and Rural Area" to read as follows:
§ 1942.304 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural and Rural Area. Any area other than a city or town that has a population
of greater than 50,000 inhabitants and the urbanized area contiguous and
adjacent to such a city or town. The population figure is obtained from the most
recent decennial Census. If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained
from the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable
population figure based on available population data.

* * * * *
§ 1942.305 [Amended]

183. Amend § 1942.305 by:

a. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (b)(3)(iv)(A), (b)(3)(iv)(C), (b)(3)(iv)(E), and (b)(3)(v),
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD"
in its place.
§ 1942.306 [Amended]

184. Amend § 1942.306(c) by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 grant" and
adding "Agency grant" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Agency loan" in its place; and

c. Removing "with FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "with RD" in its place.
§ 1942.308 [Amended]

185. Amend § 1942.308 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 assistance"
and adding "Agency assistance" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "RD has" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
regulations" and adding "Agency regulations" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (d):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 for" and
adding "RD for" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Agency State" in its place.
§ 1942.310 [Amended]

186. Amend § 1942.310 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "When FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "When RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "no FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "no Agency" in its place;

iii. Removing "unless FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "unless RD" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 shall" and
adding "RD shall" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "RD will" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "RD's" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(4):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "RD will" in its place;

iii. Removing "Forms FmHA" and adding "Forms RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" wherever
it occurs and adding "RD's" in its place;

v. Removing "prior to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "prior to RD" in its place; and

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and
adding "RD may" in its place;

e. In paragraph (c)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (c)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(3):

i. Removing "applicant to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "applicant to RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 National"
and adding "Agency National" in its place; and

iii. Removing "provided FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "provided RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (c)(4):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 grant" and
adding "Agency grant" in its place;

ii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from RD" in its place.
§§ 1942.311 and 1942.313 [Amended]

187. Amend §§ 1942.311(b) and 1942.313(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.315 [Amended]

188. Amend § 1942.315(b) by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1942.316 [Amended]

189. Amend § 1942.316(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
Part 1944 Housing

190. The authority citation for part 1944 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart B--Housing Application Packaging Grants
§ 1944.51
[Amended]

191. Amend § 1944.51 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in their place.
§§ 1944.52 and 1944.53 [Amended]

192. Amend §§ 1944.52 and 1944.53 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place.

193. In addition to the amendments set forth above, in § 1944.52, revise the
definition of "Designated counties" to read as follows:
§ 1944.52 Definitions.

* * * * *

Designated counties. These counties are listed in exhibit D of this subpart. The
counties meet the following criteria:

(1) Twenty percent or more of the county population is at or below the poverty
level based on the most recent 5-year survey of the American Community Survey of
the Census Bureau or other Census Bureau data if needed; and

(2) Ten percent or more of the occupied housing units are substandard based on
the most recent decennial Census of the United States.

* * * * *
§ 1944.71 [Amended]

194. Amend § 1944.71(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1944.73 [Amended]

195. Amend § 1944.73 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text:

i. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
and adding "a Rural Development office" in its place;

ii. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
and adding "the Rural Development office" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
and adding "any Rural Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in
its place; and

d. In paragraphs (b) and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
Subpart I--Self-Help Technical Assistance Grants
§ 1944.401
[Amended]

196. Amend § 1944.401 by removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place and by removing "an
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "a Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1944.402 [Amended]

197. Amend § 1944.402 introductory text by removing "Farmers Home Administration
(FmHA) or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1944.403, 1944.404, 1944.415, 1944.416, 1944.419, 1944.422, and 1944.426
[Amended]

198. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1944.403;

b. Section 1944.404;

c. Section 1944.415;

d. Section 1944.416;

e. Section 1944.419;

f. Section 1944.422; and

g. Section 1944.426.
§ 1944.410 [Amended]

199. Amend § 1944.410 by:

a. In paragraphs (b)(1)(ii) and (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (e)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.411 [Amended]

200. Amend § 1944.411 by:

a. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.412 [Amended]

201. Amend § 1944.412 by removing "FmHA" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in
its place.
§ 1944.413 [Amended]

202. Amend § 1944.413 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1944.417 [Amended]

203. Amend § 1944.417 by:

a. In the introductory text to the section, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2)(i), and (a)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (b) introductory text, (b)(1)(ii), and (b)(2), removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.423 [Amended]

204. Amend § 1944.423 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" wherever
it occurs and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. Removing "only FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 can" and
adding "only Rural Development can" in its place; and

c. Removing "with FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 in the"
and adding "with Rural Development in the" in its place.
§ 1944.425 [Amended]

205. Amend § 1944.425 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
Subpart K--Technical and Supervisory Assistance Grants
§ 1944.501
[Amended]

206. Amend § 1944.501 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 employee" and adding "Rural Development employee" in its place and
removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employee" and
adding "a Rural Development employee" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "The Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1944.502 [Amended]

207. Amend § 1944.502 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text, (a)(1), and (b), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 resources" and adding "Rural
Development resources" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1944.506, 1944.510, 1944.512, 1944.514, 1944.516, 1944.520, 1944.525,
1944.529, 1944.538, 1944.541, 1944.543, 1944.547, and 1944.549 [Amended]

208. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1944.506;

b. Section 1944.510;

c. Section 1944.512;

d. Section 1944.514;

e. Section 1944.516;

f. Section 1944.520;

g. Section 1944.525;

h. Section 1944.529;

i. Section 1944.538;

j. Section 1944.541;

k. Section 1944.543;

l. Section 1944.547; and

m. Section 1944.549.
§ 1944.526 [Amended]

209. Amend § 1944.526 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2)(i)(E), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (a)(5) and (c)(1)(i), removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its
place.
§ 1944.531 [Amended]

210. Amend § 1944.531 by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and by
removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" from
paragraph (c)(13) and adding "by Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.533 [Amended]

211. Amend § 1944.533 by:

a. In paragraphs (c), (d), (f)(1), (f)(2) introductory text, (f)(2)(iii),
(f)(2)(iv), (f)(4) introductory text, (f)(4)(i), and (f)(6), removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever its occurs and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place and removing "Director of Information in the
National Office" and adding "Director, Legislative and Public Affairs Staff
(LAPAS), in the Rural Development National Office" in its place;

c. In paragraph (f)(4)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (f)(5), removing "LAPIS" wherever it occurs and adding "LAPAS"
in its place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1944.535 [Amended]

212. Amend § 1944.535 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (b), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Appeal" and adding "Rural Development Appeal" in its place.
§ 1944.536 [Amended]

213. Amend § 1944.536 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 determines" and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place and
by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1944.540 [Amended]

214. Amend § 1944.540 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.545 [Amended]

215. Amend § 1944.545 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 440-1" and adding "RD 1940-1" in its place.
§ 1944.548 [Amended]

216. Amend § 1944.548 by:

a. In the section heading, in paragraph (a), and in paragraph (b) introductory
text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place.
Subpart N--Housing Preservation Grants
§ 1944.654
[Amended]

217. Amend § 1944.654 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA Instruction" wherever it occurs and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in
its place and removing "any Agency office" and adding "any Rural Development
office" in its place.
§ 1944.657 [Amended]

218. Amend § 1944.657 by removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
§ 1944.658 [Amended]

219. Amend § 1944.658(a)(3) by removing "or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs.
§§ 1944.660, 1944.663, 1944.664, 1944.666, 1944.668, 1944.671, 1944.674,
1944.678, 1944.679, 1944.681, 1944.683, 1944.684, and 1944.689 [Amended]

220. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1944.660 section heading and paragraph (a);

b. Section 1944.663(a)(7) and (a)(8);

c. Section 1944.664(c)(10)(ii);

d. Section 1944.666(a)(2), (b)(5), and (c);

e. Section 1944.668;

f. Section 1944.671(b) introductory text and paragraphs (b)(2) and (c);

g. Section 1944.674(b) and (c);

h. Section 1944.678;

i. Section 1944.679(b) introductory text and paragraph (b)(4);

j. Section 1944.681;

k. Section 1944.683(a), (b) introductory text, (c), and (d);

l. Section 1944.684 (a), (b) introductory text, (b)(2), (c), and (d); and

m. Section 1944.689(b).
§ 1944.672 [Amended]

221. Amend § 1944.672 by:

a. In paragraphs (c) and (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (e)(3):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
environmental" and adding "Rural Development's environmental" in its place; and

ii. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
environmental" and adding "a Rural Development environmental" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.673 [Amended]

222. Amend § 1944.673 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "Rural Development has" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.676 [Amended]

223. Amend § 1944.676 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "appropriate FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "appropriate Rural Development" in its place and
removing "any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and
adding "any Rural Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b) introductory text, (b)(1)(iv), and (b)(1)(xii), removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(1)(iii):

i. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(1)(x), removing "Rural Development or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354";

e. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development
office" in its place;

f. In paragraph (d)(4), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

g. In paragraph (d)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its placeand removing
"to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural
Development" in its place;

h. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

i. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1944.682 [Amended]

224. Amend § 1944.682 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines"
and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iv. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "by Rural Development" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.688 [Amended]

225. Amend § 1944.688 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's appeal" and adding "Rural Development's appeal" in its place.
§ 1944.690 [Amended]

226. Amend § 1944.690 by removing "Administrator of FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development (or
designee)" in its place.
Part 1948 Rural Development

227. The authority citation for part 1948 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932 note.
Subpart B--Section 601 Energy Impacted Area Development Assistance
§ 1948.51
[Amended]

228. Amend § 1948.51 by:

a. Removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place; and

c. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "a Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1948.53, 1948.56, 1948.60, 1948.62, 1948.68, 1948.70, 1948.81, 1948.86,
1948.88, 1948.91, 1948.94, and 1948.95 [Amended]

229. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1948.53;

b. Section 1948.56;

c. Section 1948.60;

d. Section 1948.62(b);

e. Section 1948.68(g);

f. Section 1948.70(b);

g. Section 1948.81(a) and (b);

h. Section 1948.86(a)(1) and (a)(2);

i. Section 1948.88;

j. Section 1948.91;

k. Section 1948.94(a) introductory text and (b); and

l. Section 1948.95.

230. Revise § 1948.61 introductory text to read as follows:
§ 1948.61 State supplements and guides.

Rural Development State Directors will obtain National Office clearance for all
State supplements and guides in accordance with paragraph VIII of RD Instruction
2006-B, (available in any Rural Development office).

* * * * *
§ 1948.70 [Amended]

231. Amend § 1948.70(c) by removing "Administrator of FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1948.79 [Amended]

232. Amend § 1948.79 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph (a);

ii. Paragraph (c) introductory text;

iii. Paragraph (e) introductory text;

iv. Paragraph (f);

v. Paragraph (g);

vi. Paragraph (h) introductory text;

vii. Paragraph (i);

viii. Paragraph (j);

ix. Paragraphs (k) introductory text and (k)(12);

b. In paragraph (c)(4), removing "Forms FmHA" and adding "Form RD" in its place
and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (k)(8), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 440-1" and adding "RD 1940-1" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (k)(9) and (k)(10), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1948.81 [Amended]

233. Amend § 1948.81(d) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 State" and adding "Rural Development State" in its place and by
removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1948.82 [Amended]

234. Amend § 1948.82 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraphs (a) introductory text and (a)(10);

ii. Paragraph (c);

iii. Paragraph (d);

iv. Paragraph (e);

v. Paragraphs (f) introductory text, (f)(1), and (f)(2);

vi. Paragraph (g);

vii. Paragraph (h); and

viii. Paragraph (m).

b. In paragraph (i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under PublicLaw
103-354 National" and adding "Rural Development State" in its place and removing
"Administrator" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (j), removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354, the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
State" and adding "Under Secretrary for Rural Development, the Rural Development
State" in its place;

d. In paragraph (k), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Stae" and adding "Rural Development State" in its place and removing
"Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Under Secretrary for Rural Development" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (l), removing "Administrator of FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in
its place.
§§ 1948.83 and 1948.97 [Amended]

235. Amend §§ 1948.83 and 1948.97 by removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its
place.
§ 1948.84 [Amended]

236. Amend § 1948.84 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "
Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph (a);

ii. Paragraph (d) introductory text;

iii. Paragraphs (e) introductory text and (e)(1);

iv. Paragraph (f);

v. Paragraph (g);

vi. Paragraph (h) introductory text;

vii. Paragraph (i) introductory text; and

viii. Paragraphs (i)(14) and (i)(17).

b. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "The Rural Development office" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District"
and adding "Rural Development District" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "the Rural Development State" in its place; and

iv. Removing "the time the AD-622" and adding "the time the Form AD-622" in its
place;

c. In paragraphs (d)(2) and (d)(8), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d)(9), removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 400-1 and Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 400-4" and adding "Form RD 400-1 and Form RD 400-4" in its place;

e. In paragraph (i)(10), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 440-1" and adding "RD 1940-1" in its place;

f. In paragraph (i)(11), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (i)(12), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 400" and adding "RD 400-4" in its place; and

h. In paragraph (i)(13), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1948.89 [Amended]

237. Amend § 1948.89 by:

a. In the heading of the section and in paragraph (a) introductory text,
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State"
wherever it occurs and adding "the Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "for FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "for Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "Administrator" and adding "Under Secretary for
Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in
its place; and

e. In paragraphs (a)(4), (a)(5), and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1948.90 [Amended]

238. Amend § 1948.90 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text and (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2):

i. Removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (a)(3), (b)(2), (b)(3), and (b)(5), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1948.92 [Amended]

239. Amend § 1948.92 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (d) and (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 440-1" and adding "RD 1940-1" in its place;

d. In paragraph (f):

i. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Director of Information, Farmers Home Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Director, Legislative and
Public Affairs Staff (LAPAS), in the Rural Development National Office" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (g)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (g)(4), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and adding "Rural
Development State" in its place;

g. In paragraph (g)(6), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 440-1" and adding "Form RD 1940-1" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 National" and adding "Rural
Development National" in its place;

h. In paragraph (g)(7), removing "Director of Information in the FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 National Office" and adding "Director,
LAPAS, in the Rural Development National Office" in its place;

i. In paragraph (g)(10), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (g)(11):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "Director, Legislative Affairs and Public Information Staff
(LAPIS)" and adding "Director, LAPAS" in its place;

iii. Removing "LAPIS" wherever it occurs and adding "LAPAS" in its place; and

iv. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1948.93 [Amended]

240. Amend § 1948.93 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place and by
removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place.
§ 1948.94 [Amended]

241. Amend § 1948.94 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA Instruction 402.1 (available in any FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office)" and adding "RD
Instruction 1902-A (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place and
removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"to Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1948.96 [Amended]

242. Amend § 1948.96 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
Part 1950 General
Subpart C Servicing Accounts of Borrowers Entering the Armed Forces

243. The authority citation for subpart C of part 1950 continues to read as
follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; and 42 U.S.C. 1480.
§ 1950.101 [Amended]

244. Amend § 1950.101 by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354)" and adding "Rural Development" in its place and by removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations" and adding "Rural
Development regulations" in its place.
§ 1950.102 [Amended]

245. Amend § 1950.102(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 will" and adding "Rural Development will" in its place and by
removing "policy FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "policy of Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1950.103 [Amended]

246. Amend § 1950.103 by:

a. In the section heading, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 loan" and adding "government loan" in its place and removing "borrower
and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "borrower
and Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place and removing "Address
or Name" and adding "Address, Name, Case Number, or Loan Number" in its place.
§ 1950.104 [Amended]

247. Amend § 1950.104 by:

a. In the section heading, introductory text, and paragraph (a), removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development"
in its place;

b. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1950.105 [Amended]

248. Amend § 1950.105(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
Part 1951 Servicing and Collections

249. The authority citation for part 1951 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932 note; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 31 U.S.C. 3716; 42 U.S.C. 1480.

Subpart A--Account Servicing Policies
§ 1951.2
[Amended]

250. Amend § 1951.2 by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354)" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1951.3 [Amended]

251. Amend § 1951.3 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1951.7 [Amended]

252. Amend § 1951.7 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b)(4)(i), (c), and (d)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 borrowers will be maintained in the County Office on Forms FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1905-1, FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 1905-5, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 1905-10, "Management System Card-Association," as provided in FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction 1905-A (available in
any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office)" and adding
"Agency borrowers will be maintained in the County Office as provided in RD
Instruction 1905-A(available in any Agency office)" in its place;

d. In paragraph (h) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

e. In paragraphs (h)(1) and (h)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

f. In paragraph (h)(3):

i. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Forms RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "copy(ies) of Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "copy(ies) of Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "; a copy of Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 1951-58, "Basis for Loan Account Payment Application for Farmer Program
Loans;".
§ 1951.8 [Amended]

253. Amend § 1951.8(b)(3) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1951.9 [Amended]

254. Amend § 1951.9 by:

a. In the section heading, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

b. In the introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

e. In paragraphs (a)(1)(ii), (a)(1)(iii), (a)(1)(iv), (a)(2), and (b), removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and
adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1951.10 [Amended]

255. Amend § 1951.10 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (a)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1951.11 [Amended]

256. Amend § 1951.11 by:

a. In paragraph (d)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

b. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.12 [Amended]

257. Amend § 1951.12 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 loan" and adding "Agency loan" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (c)(1) and (c)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.14 [Amended]

258. Amend § 1951.14(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1951.25 [Amended]

259. Amend § 1951.25(b)(2)(ii) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.

260. Revise Exhibit A to subpart A of 7 CFR part 1951 to read as follows:
Exhibit A to Subpart A of Part 1951--Notice to Agency Borrowers

Agency borrowers with community program loan types made under the Consolidated
Farm and Rural Development Act may request a loan summary statement which shows
the calendar year account activity for each loan. Interested borrowers may
request these statements through their local Rural Development office.
Subpart D--Final Payment of Loans
§ 1951.153
[Amended]

261. Amend § 1951.153(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1951.154 [Amended]

262. Amend § 1951.154 by removing in paragraph (a) "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place and by removing in
paragraph (c) "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"RD" in its place.
§ 1951.155 [Amended]

263. Amend § 1951.155 by:

a. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "RD will" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c) introductory text and paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(2):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will"
wherever it occurs and adding "RD will" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 is" and
adding "RD is" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 can" and
adding "RD can" in its place;

d. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 may" and adding "RD may" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD
Instruction" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "RD will" in its place and removing "by FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by RD" in its place.
Subpart E--Servicing of Community and Direct Business Programs Loans and Grants
§ 1951.201
[Amended]

264. Amend § 1951.201 by removing "loans for Grazing and other shift-in-land-use
projects;" and "Association Irrigation and Drainage loans;" and by removing "and
the Farm Service Agency" and adding "and the Rural Housing Service" in its
place.
§ 1951.202 [Amended]

265. Amend § 1951.202 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and by removing "by
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1951.203 [Amended]

266. Amend § 1951.203(h) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.207 [Amended]

267. Amend § 1951.207 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1951.211, 1951.215, and 1951.216 [Amended]

268. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1951.211;

b. Section 1951.215 introductory text and (a)(2); and

c. Section 1951.216.
§ 1951.220 [Amended]

269. Amend § 1951.220 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural
Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 1951-9" and "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 1951-9" and adding "Form RD 1951-9" in their place;

f. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

h. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

i. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

j. In paragraph (e)(2)(v), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

k. In paragraph (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 as" and adding "Rural Development
as" in its place; and

l. In paragraphs (g) and (h)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.221 [Amended]

270. Amend § 1951.221 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(2)(i)(A), (a)(2)(i)(B), and (a)(2)(i)(C), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(3) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (a)(3)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.222 [Amended]

271. Amend § 1951.222 by:

a. In the introductory text and in paragraphs (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), and
(a)(9), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherver
it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (c)(1) and (c)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(7), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.223 [Amended]

272. Amend § 1951.223 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's security" and adding "Rural Development's security" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 approval" and
adding "Rural Development approval" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (c)(3), (c)(4) introductory text, (c)(4)(i), (c)(4)(ii), and
(c)(4)(iv), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.224 [Amended]

273. Amend § 1951.224 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(1)(iii), (a)(1)(v), and (a)(2)(v), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(2), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (b)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 consent" and adding "Rural Development consent" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

f. In paragraph (e)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.225 [Amended]

274. Amend § 1951.225 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.226 [Amended]

275. Amend § 1951.226 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency underPublic Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(4)(i), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(4)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(5)(i), removing "on FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "on Rural Development" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's advantage" and adding "
Rural Development's advantage" in its place;

f. In paragraphs (b)(5)(ii) and (b)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (c)(1)(iv) through (vii), (c)(2)(i), and (c)(2)(ii), removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs
and adding "Form RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (d)(1) "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its
place;

k. In paragraph (d)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

l. In paragraph (d)(2)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.227 [Amended]

276. Amend § 1951.227 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
§ 1951.230 [Amended]

277. Amend § 1951.230 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's security" and adding "Rural Development's security" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 program" and
adding "Rural Development program" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (a)(3), (a)(4), and (a)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(7), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "to FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in
its place;

e. In paragraph (a)(8), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (a)(9), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 debt" and adding "Rural Development debt" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs
and adding "Form RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (a)(12), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (b) introductory text and (b)(5), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

i. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

k. In paragraph (c)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

l. In paragraph (d) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

m. In paragraph (d)(1)(i):

i. Removing "non-FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
personnel" and adding "non-Rural Development personnel" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

n. In paragraph (d)(1)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

o. In paragraph (d)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

p. In paragraph (d)(5), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

q. In paragraphs (e)(1) and (e)(2)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

r. In paragraph (f)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" wherever it occurs and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

s. In paragraph (f)(5), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "approval by FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "approval by Rural
Development" in its place;

t. In paragraphs (f)(6), (f)(7)(i), and (f)(7)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

u. In paragraph (f)(8), removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place;

v. In paragraph (f)(9), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

w. In paragraph (f)(11), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

x. In paragraphs (f)(12) and (f)(14), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

y. In paragraph (f)(15), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agencyunder Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.231 [Amended]

278. Amend § 1951.231 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(1)(i), (v), and (vii), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1)(vi), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (a)(2), (3), and (4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

e. In paragraphs (c)(3) and (4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (d) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

g. In paragraph (d)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and removing "debt to
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "debt to Rural
Development" in its place.
§§ 1951.232, 1951.240, and 1951.241 [Amended]

279. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1951.232;

b. Section 1951.240; and

c. Section 1951.241.
Subpart F--Analyzing Credit Needs and Graduation of Borrowers
§ 1951.264
[Amended]

280. Amend § 1951.264(a)(2) by removing "1951-F-5" and adding "1951-5" in its
place.
Exhibit B to Subpart F [Amended]

281. In Exhibit B to subpart F, paragraph 15, removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and
removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"by Rural Development" in its place.
Subpart R--Rural Development Loan Servicing
§ 1951.851
[Amended]

282. Amend § 1951.851 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354)" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.852 [Amended]

283. Amend § 1951.852(a)(1), (a)(2), and (a)(9) by removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development loan" in its place.
§§ 1951.866, 1951.883, and 1951.896 [Amended]

284. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1951.866;

b. Section 1951.883; and

c. Section 1951.896.
§ 1951.881 [Amended]

285. Amend § 1951.881 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (d):

i. Removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Administrator" and adding "the Rural Development Under Secretary" in its place;
and

c. In paragraph (e)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.884 [Amended]

286. Amend § 1951.884 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.885 [Amended]

287. Amend § 1951.885 by:

a. In the introductory text and in paragraphs (a)(2), and (b), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "
Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "expose FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "expose Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place; and

iii. Removing "which FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "which Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.889 [Amended]

288. Amend § 1951.889 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 case nunber" and adding "Rural Development case number" in its place.
§ 1951.890 [Amended]

289. Amend § 1951.890 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

d. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 and" and
adding "Rural Development and" in its place; and

e. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 staff" and
adding "Rural Development staff" in its place.
§ 1951.891 [Amended]

290. Amend § 1951.891 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text:

i. Removing "that FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law103-354" and
adding "that Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Should the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Should Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "interests of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "interests of Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and
adding "Rural Development may" in its place;

b. in paragraph (a)(2), removing "as FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "as Rural Development" in its place and removing "by the
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by Rural
Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (a)(3), (e), and (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place.
Part 1955 Property Management

291. The authority citation for part 1955 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--Liquidation of Loans Secured by Real Estate and Acquisition of Real
and Chattel Property
§ 1955.2
[Amended]

292. Amend § 1955.2 by removing "property to FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "property to Rural Development" in its place and
removing "conveyance to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "conveyance to Rural Development and" in its place.
§ 1955.3 [Amended]

293. Amend § 1955.3 by:

a. In the definition of `CONACT or CONACT property', removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the government" in its
place;

b. In the definition of `Government', removing "Farmers Home Administration or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354)," and adding "RBS, RHS, and RUS of the" in its place
and removing "used interchangeably herein with "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354."; and

c. In the definition of `Prior lien', removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 security" and adding "Rural Development security" in
its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
`" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1955.5 [Amended]

294. Amend § 1955.5 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d), removing "(available in any FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office)" and removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1955.10 [Amended]

295. Amend § 1955.10 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. The introductory text;

ii. The heading of paragraph (c);

iii. Paragraph (f) introductory text;

iv. Paragraphs (f)(1) introductory text, (f)(1)(i)(A), (f)(1)(i)(B), (f)(1)(ii),
and (f)(1)(iii);

v. Paragraph (g)(1); and

vi. Paragraphs (h)(1), (h)(2), and (h)(5);

b. In paragraph (a)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 liens" and
adding "Rural Development liens" in its place;

ii. Removing "made by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "made by Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "An FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
official" and adding "A Rural Development official" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), and (d)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (e):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "qualified FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "qualified Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "outside FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "outside Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

f. In paragraphs (h)(4)(i) and (h)(4)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place.
§§ 1955.11 and 1955.12 [Amended]

296. Amend §§ 1955.11 and 1955.12 by removing in their section headings and
wherever else it occurs "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.15 [Amended]

297. Amend § 1955.15 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. The introductory text;

ii. Paragraph (a)(2)(i);

iii. Paragraph (d)(2)(v);

iv. Paragraph (d)(3)(i)(A);

v. Paragraph (d)(6)(i) introductory text;

vi. Paragraphs (f)(1)(i)(C) and (D),

vii. Paragraphs (f)(5)(i)(A) and (B);

viii. Paragraph (f)(5)(ii); and

ix. Paragraphs (f)(7)(i) and (ii).

b. In paragraph (b) introductory text:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

iv. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Forms RD" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan
servicing" and adding "Rural Development loan servicing" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency underPublic Law
103-354" and adding "the government" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d)(1):

i. Removing "whether FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "whether Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan(s)" and
adding "Rural Development loan(s)" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's position"
and adding "Rural Development's position" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 Guide Letters" and adding "Guide Letters" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

f. In paragraphs (d)(4), (e)(2), and (f)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (f)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place;

h. In paragraph (f)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (f)(6):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" wherever
it occurs and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

ii. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 borrower"
and adding "a Rural Development borrower" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 debt" and
adding "Rural Development debt" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines"
and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place;

v. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 appraiser"
and adding "a Rural Development appraiser" in its place;

vi. Removing "outside FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "outside Rural Development" in its place;

vii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

viii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (f)(7) introductory text, removing "an FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 employee" wherever it occurs and adding "a Rural
Development employee" in its place.
§ 1955.18 [Amended]

298. Amend § 1955.18 by:

a. In paragraph (e)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.

c. In paragraph (e)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (e)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

e. In paragraph (e)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

f. In paragraph (e)(4) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.20 [Amended]

299. Amend § 1955.20 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (b)(2):

i. Removing "chattels to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "chattels to Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (b)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

i. In paragraph (d):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "outside FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "outside Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (f)(1) introductory text, removing "an FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place;

k. In paragraphs (f)(1)(ii), and (f)(2)(i), (ii), and (iii), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

l. In paragraph (f)(2)(v), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

m. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

n. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;
§ 1955.22 [Amended]

300. Amend § 1955.22 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 officials"
and adding "Rural Development officials" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD instruction" in its place; and

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
Subpart B--Management of Property
§ 1955.52
[Amended]

301. Amend § 1955.52 by removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "by the respective Agency" in its place and by removing
"Generally, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Generally, RHS" in its place.
§ 1955.53 [Amended]

302. Amend § 1955.53 as follows:

a. In the definition of `CONACT or CONACT property', remove "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and add "the respective Agency" in
its place;

b. In the definition of `Custodial property', remove "an FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and add "a Rural Development loan" in its
place and remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan has
taken" and add "the respective Agency has taken" in its place; and

c. In the definition of `Government', remove "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and add "the respective Agency" in its place.
§ 1955.55 [Amended]

303. Amend § 1955.55 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherevre it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph (b) introductory text;

ii. Paragraph (b)(2) introductory text;

iii. Paragraphs (c) introductory text and (c)(1);

iv. Paragraphs (f)(2)(i) and (ii), and (f)(3);

b. In paragraph (b)(2)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (f) introductory text:

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "through FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "through Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "if FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "if Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
§§ 1955.57, 1955.60, 1955.61, and 1955.82 [Amended]

304. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1955.57;

b. Section 1955.60;

c. Section 1955.61; and

d. Section 1955.82.
§ 1955.62 [Amended]

305. Amend § 1955.62 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 lien" and adding "a Rural Development lien" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official" and
adding "Rural Development official" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(1) and (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;
§ 1955.65 [Amended]

306. Amend § 1955.65 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354";

b. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(1):

i. Removing "which FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "which Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's approval"
and adding "Rural Development's approval" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (c)(2)(i), (ii), and (iii), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its
place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (c)(4):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
wherever it occurs and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in their place.
§ 1955.72 [Amended]

307. Amend § 1955.72(a) and (b) by removing "(available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office)".

308. Amend Exhibit A to subpart B of Part 1955 by revising the heading to read
as follows:
Exhibit A to Subpart B of Part 1955--Memorandum of Understanding Between the
Federal Emergency Management Agency and Rural Development

* * * * *
Subpart C--Disposal of Inventory Property
§ 1955.102
[Amended]

309. Amend § 1955.102 by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354s (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's)" and adding "the applicable" in its place.
§ 1955.103 [Amended]

310. Amend § 1955.103 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following definitions:

i. `Approval official';

ii. `Borrower';

iii. `Decent, safe, and sanitary (DSS) housing';

iv. `Eligible terms';

v. `Participating broker';

vi. `Program terms'; and

vii. `Regular sale';

b. In the definition of `CONACT or CONACT property', removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the respective Agency" in
its place;

c. In the definitions of `Ineligible terms' and `Nonprogram (NP) terms',
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "
Rural Development's" in its place;

d. In the definition of `Inventory property', removing "an FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and adding "a Rural Development loan" in
its place;

e. In the definition of `Nonprogram (NP) property', removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354"; and

f. Removing the definition of "Regular FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 sale", adding a definition for `Regular Agency sale' in alphabetical
order, and revising the definitions of `Suitable property' and `Surplus
property'. The revisions read as follows:
§ 1955.103 Definitions.

* * * * *

Regular Agency sale. Sale made by Rural Deveopment employees or real estate
brokers other than by sealed bid, auction, or negotiation.

* * * * *

Suitable property. Real property that could be used to carry out the objectives
of Rural Development's loan programs with financing provided through that
program.

Surplus property. Property that cannot be used to carry out the objectives of
financing available through the applicable loan program.
§§ 1955.104, 1955.112, 1955.113, 1955.121, 1955.128, 1955.132, 1955.134,
1955.136, and 1955.150 [Amended]

311. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1955.104;

b. Section 1955.112;

c. Section 1955.113;

d. Section 1955.121;

e. Section 1955.128;

f. Section 1955.132;

g. Section 1955.134;

h. Section 1955.136(a)(2); and

i. Section 1955.150.
§ 1955.105 [Amended]

312. Amend § 1955.105 by:

a. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Services"
and adding "RD Services" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (c) introductory text, (c)(1), (c)(3), and (d), removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development"
in its place.
§ 1955.109 [Amended]

313. Amend § 1955.109 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing the second and third sentences; and

b. In paragraphs (g) and (j), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1955.114 [Amended]

314. Amend § 1955.114 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text and (a)(1)(v), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "unless FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "unless Rural Development"
in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(3)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding Rural Development" in its place

e. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employee"
and adding "Rural Development employee" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

f. In paragraphs (c) introductroy text and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.115 [Amended]

315. Amend § 1955.115 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 DSS" and
adding "Rural Development DSS" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-35" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (a)(3), and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-35" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.116 [Amended]

316. Amend § 1955.116 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "which FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has"
and adding "which Rural Development has" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Contact FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Contact Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "through Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "through Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

d. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.117 [Amended]

317. Amend § 1955.117 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 sales" and adding "Rural
Development sales" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "The FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (e) and (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.118 [Amended]

318. Amend § 1955.118 by:

a. In paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(11), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (b)(7) and (b)(8)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.119 [Amended]

319. Amend § 1955.119 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development will" in its
place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines"
and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1955.120 [Amended]

320. Amend § 1955.120 by:

a. Removing "non-FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "non-Rural Development" in its place;

b. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

c. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

d. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official" and
adding "Rural Development official'' in its place.
§ 1955.122 [Amended]

321. Amend § 1955.122 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "of the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of the Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Form" and
adding "Rural Development Form" in its place; and

iv. Removing "in FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "in Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (f), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place;

f. In the undesignated paragraph following paragraph (f):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place.

322. Revise § 1955.123(a) to read as follows:
§ 1955.123 Sale procedures (chattel).

(a) Credit sales. Although cash sales are preferred in the sale of chattel,
credit sales may be used advantageously in the sale of chattels to eligible
purchasers and to facilitate sales of high-priced chattels. Credit sales to
eligible purchasers will be in accordance with the provisions of this chapter
for the appropriate program for which a loan would otherwise be made including
eligibility determinations. Preference will be given to a cash offer that is at
least * percent of the higher offer requiring credit. [*Refer to exhibit B of RD
Instruction 440.1 (available in any Rural Development office) for the current
percentage.] Credit sales made to ineligible purchasers will require not less
than a 10 percent downpayment with the remaining balance amortized over a period
not to exceed 5 years. The interest rate for ineligible purchasers of C&BP
chattel will be the current ineligible interest rate for C&BP property set forth
in Exhibit B of RD Instruction 440.1 (available in any Rural Development
office). District Directors and State Directors are authorized to approve or
disapprove sale of C&BP chattel on ineligible terms in accordance with the
respective type of program approval authorities in Exhibit E of Subpart A of
Part 1901 of this chapter (available in any Rural Development office). For other
than C&BP, credit sales to NP purchasers will be handled in accordance with
Subpart J of Part 1951 of this chapter.

* * * * *
§ 1955.124 [Amended]

323. Amend §§ 1955.124 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1955.127 [Amended]

324. Amend § 1955.127 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and by removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place.
§ 1955.130 [Amended]

325. Amend § 1955.130 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" wherever it occurs and adding
"Rural Development office" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and "Rural Development" in its
place;

g. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.

h. In paragraph (f)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

i. In paragraph (f)(3):

i. Removing "receiving FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "receiving Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "appropriate FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "appropriate Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 shall" and adding "Rural Development shall" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs
and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1955.131 [Amended]

326. Amend § 1955.131 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may not" and
adding "Rural Development may not" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official"
and adding "Rural Development official" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1955.133 [Amended]

327. Amend § 1955.133 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "if FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "if Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its
place; and

b. In paragraphs (b) and (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.135 [Amended]

328. Amend § 1955.135 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "Where FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Where Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "between Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
1955-45 or FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Forms RD 1955-45 or RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "paid by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "paid by Rural Development" in its place; and

v. Removing "proceeds FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "proceeds Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 credit" and adding "Rural Development credit" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural
Development's" in its place.
§ 1955.138 [Amended]

329. Amend § 1955.138 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1955.139 [Amended]

330. Amend § 1955.139 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(3)(iii), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3)(iv), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

c. In paragraphs (a)(3)(v) and (vi), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.144 [Amended]

331. Amend § 1955.144(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in their place.
§ 1955.146 [Amended]

332. Amend § 1955.146(a) by:

a. Removing "sold by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "sold by Rural Development" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
wherever it occurs and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

d. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1955-40
or FmHA or itssuccessor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Forms RD
1955-40 or RD" in its place;

f. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place; and

g. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may contract"
and adding "Rural Development may contract" in its place.
§ 1955.147 [Amended]

333. Amend § 1955.147 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "all FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "all Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "payable to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "payable to Rural Development" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (d) and (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
Part 1956 Debt Settlement

334. The authority citation for part 1956 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 31 U.S.C. 3711; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart C--Debt Settlement--Community and Business Programs
§ 1956.102
[Amended]

335. Amend § 1956.102(a) by removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354)" and adding "the government" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel" and adding "Rural
Development personnel" in their place.

336. Revise § 1956.105(a), (f), (g), and (h) to read as follows:
§ 1956.105 Definitions.

(a) Settlement. The compromise, adjustment, cancellation, or chargeoff of a debt
owed to Rural Development. The term "settlement" is used for convenience in
referring to compromise, adjustment, cancellation, or chargeoff actions,
individually or collectively.

* * * * *

(f) Debtor. The borrower of loan funds under any of Rural Development programs
specified in § 1956.101.

(g) Security. All that serves as collateral for Rural Development loan(s),
including, but not limited to, revenues, tax levies, municipal bonds, and real
and chattel property.

(h) Servicing official. The Rural Development official who is primarily
responsible for servicing the account.

* * * * *
§§ 1956.109, 1956.110, 1956.130, 1956.138, 1956.142, and 1956.148 [Amended]

337. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "RD" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1956.109(f);

b. Section 1956.110;

c. Section 1956.130;

d. Section 1956.138;

e. Section 1956.142(f); and

f. Section 1956.148.
§ 1956.111 [Amended]

338. Amend § 1956.111 introductory text and paragraph (a) by removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place.
§ 1956.112 [Amended]

339. Amend § 1956.112(d) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1956.139 [Amended]

340. Amend § 1956.139 by:

a. In paragraph (d) introductory text:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "Compromise Offer--FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Compromise Offer--Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Adjustment Offer--FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Adjustment Offer--Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (d)(1) and (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1956.143 [Amended]

341. Amend § 1956.143 by:

a. In paragraph (a),

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following definitions:

A. `Debt writedown';

B. `Delinquent debtor';

C. `Eligibility'; and

D. `Operations review'; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place in the definition of `Net recovery
value';

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Devleopment office" in its place in the
following places:

i. Paragraph (b) introductory text;

ii. Paragraphs (c)(1), (c)(3)(ii)(B), and (c)(3)(iv)(E)(1);

iii. Paragraphs (e)(1) introductory text, (e)(1)(iii), (e)(2) introductory text,
and (e)(2)(ii)(A);

iv. Paragraphs (f)(1) and (2);

v. Paragraph (g)(1) introductory text; and

vi. Paragraph (h).

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraphs (b)(3), (b)(6), and (b)(8);

ii. Paragraphs (c)(3)(i)(A) and (c)(3)(ii)(C);

iii. Paragraphs (e)(1)(i), (e)(2)(i), and (e)(2)(ii)(B); and

iv. Paragraph (g)(1)(ii);

d. In paragraphs (b)(7) and (c)(3)(iv)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "to
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural
Development" in its place;

f. In paragraphs (c)(3)(ii)(B) and (c)(3)(iv)(B)(1), removing "FmHA or
itssuccessor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD
Instruction" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(3)(iv)(G)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 approval" and adding "Rural
Development approval" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (d)(2), (f)(2), and (g)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's approval" and adding "Rural Development's approval" in its place
and removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (e)(2)(ii)(A):

i. Removing "pay FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "pay Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "inform FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "inform Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "pay off FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "pay off Rural Development" in its place;

k. In paragraph (f)(1):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 is" and
adding "Rural Development is" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

l. In paragraph (g)(1) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 becomes" and
adding "Rural Development becomes" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place; and

m. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 determines" and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place.

342. Revise § 1956.145 to read as follows:
§ 1956.145 Disposition of essential Rural Development records.

RD Instruction 2033-A (available in any Rural Development office) identifies an
"essential Rural Development record" as the original of any document or record
which provides evidence of indebtedness or obligation to RD and includes, but is
not limited to: promissory notes, assumption agreements and valuable documents,
such as bonds fully registered as to principal and interest.

(a) Essential Rural Development records evidencing debts settled by compromise,
completed adjustment or cancelled with application will be returned to the
debtor or to the debtors' legal representative. The appropriate legend, such as
"Satisfied by Approved Compromise," and the date of the final action will be
stamped or typed on the original document. This same information plus the date
the original document is returned to the debtor will be shown on a copy to be
placed in the debtor's case folder.

(b) Essential Rural Development records evidencing debts cancelled without
application will be placed in the debtor's case folder and disposed of pursuant
to RD Instruction 2033-A (available in any Rural Development office). However,
if the debtor requests the document(s), they must be stamped "Satisfied by
Approved Cancellation" and returned.

(c) Essential Rural Development records evidencing charged off debts will be
retained in the servicing office and will not be stamped or returned to the
debtor. They will be destroyed six years after chargeoff pursuant to RD
Instruction 2033-A (available in any Rural Development office).
§ 1956.147 [Amended]

343. Amend § 1956.147 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354";

c. In paragraph (b), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "owed FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "owed Rural Development"
in its place; and

d. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
Part 1957 Asset Sales

344. The authority citation for part 1957 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Pub. L. 99-509, sec 2001(b)(1).
Subpart A--Rural Housing Asset Sales
§ 1957.1 [Amended]

345. Amend § 1957.1 by:

a. Removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Housing Service (RHS)" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "RHS" in its place; and

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"RHS's" in its place.
§§ 1957.2 and 1957.6 [Amended]

346. Amend §§ 1957.2 and 1957.6 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RHS" in its place.
Part 1962 Personal Property

347. The authority citation for part 1962 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--Servicing and Liquidation of Chattel Security
§ 1962.1
[Amended]

348. Amend § 1962.1 by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354)" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.2 [Amended]

349. Amend § 1962.2 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.3 [Amended]

350. Amend § 1962.3 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.4 [Amended]

351. Amend § 1962.4 by:

a. In the definition of `Acquired chattel property,' removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the government" in its
place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "RuralDevelopment" in its place in the following definitions:

i. `Basic security';

ii. `Criminal action';

iii. 'Default'; and

iv. `Liquidation'.

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place in the following definitions:

i. `Civil action' and

ii. `Repossed property'.

d. Removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in
the definition of `Normal income security'.
§§ 1962.6, 1962.16, 1962.26, 1962.27, 1962.34, 1962.41, 1962.44, and 1962.46
[Amended]

352. Remove "Form FmHA" and "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever they occur and adding "Form RD" in their place in the
following places:

a. Section 1962.6;

b. Section 1962.16;

c. Section 1962.26;

d. Section 1962.27(c) introductory text and (d);

e. Section 1962.34(b)(3);

f. Section 1962.41;

g. Section 1962.44; and

h. Section 1962.46.
§ 1962.8 [Amended]

353. Amend § 1962.8 by removing "protect FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "protect Rural Development" in its place and by
removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"a Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.17 [Amended]

354. Amend § 1962.17 by removing "Form FmHA" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place and by removing "The FmHA has" in paragraph (d)(2)(ii) and
adding "Rural Development has" in its place.
§ 1962.18 [Amended]

355. Amend § 1962.18 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 1962.1" and adding "the applicable Agency form" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b)(1), by:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1962-1"
and adding "the applicable Agency form" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 431-2" and
adding "RD 431-2" in its place; and

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.19 [Amended]

356. Amend § 1962.19 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 holds" and adding "Rural Development holds" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "
Rural Development's" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.27 [Amended]

357. Amend § 1962.27 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 has" and adding "Rural Development has" in its place and removing
"borrower non FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"borrower nor Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (c)(1) and (c)(2) "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (e), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Form RD" in its place.
§ 1962.29 [Amended]

358. Amend § 1962.29 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "accepted by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "accepted by Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "paid by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354,
the County Supervisor may pay them as a petty purchase or as the bill of a
creditor of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 in accordance
with FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instructions 2024-E,
copies of which are available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office." and adding "paid by Rural Development, the field office may
pay them in accordance to RD Instruction 2024-A, Exhibit D, Program Loan Cost
Expenses." in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(2) and (a)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (b)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1962.34 [Amended]

359. Amend § 1962.34 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 410-1,
"Application for FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Services," and adding "Form RD 410-1, "Application for RD Services," in its
place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354office" and
adding "RD office" in its place; and
§ 1962.40 [Amended]

360. Amend § 1962.40(e)(1)(ii) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1962.41 [Amended]

361. Amend § 1962.41 by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and "Form FmHA" wherever they occur and adding "Form RD" in their
place.
§ 1962.42 [Amended]

362. Amend § 1962.42 by:

a. In paragraphs (b)(2) and (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354";

b. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "by FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by Rural Development" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 employee" and adding "Rural Development employee" in its place;

d. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place, and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" wherever it occurs
and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraphs (c)(4)(ii) and (c)(6)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "RD" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraphs (c)(5)(i) introductory text, (c)(5)(i)(A), (c)(5)(i)(B), and
(c)(5)(ii);

ii. Paragraph (c)(6)(ii) introductory text;

iii. Paragraph (c)(6)(ii)(A); and

iv. Paragraph (c)(7);

g. In paragraph (c)(8):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "and Rural Development" in its place; and

h. In paragraph (d), removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.45 [Amended]

363. Amend § 1962.45 by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and by removing "by FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by Rural Development" in
its place.
§ 1962.49 [Amended]

364. Amend § 1962.49 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. The introductory text;

ii. Paragraphs (b)(1)(v), (b)(2)(i), and (b)(2)(ii);

iii. Paragraphs (b)(3) introductory text and (b)(3)(i) through (b)(3)(iv);

iv. Paragraph (c) introductory text; and

v. Paragraphs (e)(2) introductory text, (e)(2)(i), and (e)(3) introductory text;

b. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 staff" and
adding "Rural Development staff" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "interests of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "interests of Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(1)(vi), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

f. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place and removing "wh=n
applicable" and adding "when applicable" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(3)(i):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 455-1" and
adding "RD 455-1" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 455-2" and
adding "RD 455-2" in its place;

iii. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employee"
and adding "Rural Development employee" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employees"
and adding "Rural Development employees" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (c)(3)(ii) introductory text and (e)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (c)(3)(ii)(A), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and
removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"by Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (c)(3)(ii)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

k. In paragraph (d), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 field office" wherever it occurs and
adding "Rural Development field office" in its place;

l. In paragraph (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 1951-9, Annual "Statement of Loan Account," and adding
"RD 1951-9, "Annual Statement of Loan Account," in its place; and

m. In paragraph (e)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 field office" wherever it occurs and
adding "Rural Development field office" in its place.
Part 1980 General

365. The authority citation for part 1980 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart E also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1932(a).
Subpart E--Business and Industrial Loan Program
§ 1980.401
[Amended]

366. Amend § 1980.401(d) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.

367. Revise § 1980.405 to read as follows:
§ 1980.405 Rural areas.

The business financed with a B&I loan must be located in a rural area. Loans to
borrowers with facilities located in both rural and non-rural areas will be
limited to the amount necessary to finance the facility located in the eligible
rural area. Cooperatives that are headquartered in a non-rural area may be
eligible for a B&I loan if the loan is used for a project or venture that is
located in a rural area. Rural areas are any areas other than a city or town
that has a population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants; and the urbanized area
contiguous and adjacent to such a city or town, as defined by the U.S. Bureau of
the Census. For the purpose of this section:

(a) The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census of
the United States (decennial Census). If the applicable population figure cannot
be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the
applicable population figure based on available population data; and

(b) An urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in the most
recent decennial Census or other Agency-accepted data source if not defined in
the most recent decennial Census.
§ 1980.411 [Amended]

368. Amend § 1980.411 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(7) and (a)(11) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(12):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "to Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (a)(13), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.412 [Amended]

369. Amend § 1980.412 by removing in the Administrative text at the end of the
section "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354".
§ 1980.413 [Amended]

370. Amend § 1980.413(a) introductory text by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place.
§ 1980.414 [Amended]

371. Amend § 1980.414 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "to FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "to
Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.419 [Amended]

372. Amend § 1980.419 by removing from paragraph C. of the Admnistrative text
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 National Office" and
adding "Rural Development National Office" in its place and by removing "Form
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in
its place.
§ 1980.420 [Amended]

373. Amend § 1980.420 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 informs" and
adding "Rural Development informs" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines"
and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place.
§ 1980.423 [Amended]

374. Amend § 1980.423 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text and (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development review" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 conditional Commitment For Guarantee," and adding "Form RD 449-14,
"Conditional Commitment for Guarantee," in its place and removing "Form FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-14" and adding "Form RD
449-14" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (a)(5), (a)(6) introductory text, and (b)(1), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "
Rural Development review" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

e. In the Administrative text at the end of the section, removing "Form FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Rural Development loan" in its place.
§ 1980.424 [Amended]

375. Amend § 1980.424 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b) and (c), removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In the Administrative text at the end of the section, in its introductory
text and paragraphs A.3 and 5, B.2 and 4, and C, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place.
§§ 1980.432 and 1980.433 [Amended]

376. Amend §§ 1980.432 and 1980.433 by removing in the Administrative text at
the end of the sections "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1980.434 [Amended]

377. Amend § 1980.434 by removing in the Administrative text at the end of the
section "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Official" and
adding "Rural Development official" in its place.
§ 1980.442 [Amended]

378. Amend § 1980.442 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "and Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.443 [Amended]

379. Amend § 1980.443 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. In paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(4)(i) introductory text, (a)(4)(i)(A)(4),
(a)(4)(i)(B), (a)(4)(i)(C), and (a)(4)(ii); and

ii. In paragraphs (b)(1), (b)(2) introductory text, (b)(2)(i), (b)(5), (b)(6),
and (b)(7)(iii); and

b. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" from
paragraph A introductory text and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 at its" from
paragraph A.3 and adding "Rural Development at its" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official"
from paragraph A.3 and adding "Rural Development official" in its place.
§ 1980.444 [Amended]

380. Amend § 1980.444(b) and (e) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.451 [Amended]

381. Amend § 1980.451 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "desiring FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 assistance" and adding "desiring assistance" in its place;
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "between Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iv. Removing "SBA and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "the Small Business Administration and the U.S. Department of Agriculture
Rural Development (Business and Industrial Loans)" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (d) introductory text, (d)(1), (d)(3) introductory text,
(d)(3)(iii) introductory text, and (d)(3)(iv)(A), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d)(3)(v):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354-assisted" and
adding "Rural Development-assisted" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loans" and
adding "Rural Development loans" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 funds" and
adding "Rural Development funds" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will
consider" and adding "Rural Development will consider" in its place;

f. Revising paragraph (d)(3)(vi);

g. In paragraph (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

h. In paragraph (f)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (f)(3):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-4"
wherever it occurs and adding "RD 449-4" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "result in FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "result in Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place, and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "
Rural Development's" in its place;

k. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will submit Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
449-22" and adding "Rural Development will submit Form RD 449-22" in its place;

l. In paragraphs (i)(1), (i)(2), (i)(3), and (i)(10), removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

m. In paragraphs (i)(7), (i)(9), (i)(13)(viii), (i)(13)(x), and (i)(15),
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "
Rural Development" in its place;

n. In paragraph (i)(13) introductory text, removing "FmHA" wherever it occurs
and adding "RD" in its place;

o. In paragraph (i)(18)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 solicits" and adding "Rural Development solicits" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

p. In paragraph (i)(18)(ii):

i. Removing "If FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "If Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

q. In paragraph (i)(19), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

r. In paragraphs (j) and (k), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

s. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs A.3 through 5, A.6(a) through (c), and B.3(b)
and (c), and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 with" in
paragraphs A.3 and 4 and adding "Rural Development with" in its place;

iii. Removing "whom FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph A.4 and adding "whom Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
wherever it occurs inparagraphs A.5 and B.5 and adding "RD Instruction" in its
place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-4" in
paragraph A.6(c) and the note to paragraph A.6 and adding "RD 449-4" in its
place;

vi. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
the note to paragraph A.6 and adding "Forms RD" in its place;

vii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
449-29, "Project Summary--Business Industrial Loan Division," in paragraph
B.3.(b) and adding "A Project Summary" in its place;

viii. Removing "Copy of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
in paragraph B.3.(d) and adding "Copy of Rural Development" in its place;

ix. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" in
paragraph B.5 and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

x. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employees" in
paragraph B.5 and adding "Rural Development employees" in its place;

xi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" in
paragraph B.5 and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

xii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 position"
in paragraph B.5 and adding "Rural Development position" in its place;

xiii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 urges" in
paragraph B.6 and adding "Rural Development urges" in its place;

xiv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 audit" in
paragraph B.6 and adding "Rural Development audit" in its place;

xv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs in the Description of Record or Form Number and Title table at the end of
the Administrative text section and adding "RD" in its place; and

xvi. Removing "449-29" in the Description of Record or Form Number and Title
table at the end of the Administrative text section and adding "449-29
(obsolete)" in its place.

The revision reads as follows:
§ 1980.451 Filing and processing applications.

* * * * *

(d) * * *

(3) * * *

(vi) Indexation. When current annual data are not available to determine a
State's nonmetropolitan household income for purposes of the calculations
described in paragraph (d)(3)(iii) of this section, indexation of census data is
necessary. The State Director will use the figure from the 5-year data from the
American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data,
increased by a factor representing the increase since the year of that census in
the Consumer Price Index ("CPI-U"). That factor shall be furnished annually by
the National Office, Rural Development.

* * * * *
§ 1980.452 [Amended]

382. Amend § 1980.452 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 evaluation"
from the section heading and adding "Rural Development evaluation" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will"
wherever it occurs in the introductory text and adding "Rural Development will"
in its place;

c. Removing "If FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs in the introductory text and adding "If Rural Development" in its
place;

d. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in the introductory text and adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" in the
introductory text, and adding "Rural Development State" in its place; and

f. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" in
paragraph D. introductory text, and adding "a Rural Development State" in its
place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs D. introductory text, D.6 introductory text,
D.6.a, b, and d, and d.7, and adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employees"
in paragraph D. introductory text and adding "Rural Development employees" in
its place;

iv. Removing "non-FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D.2 and adding "non-Rural Development" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
in paragraphs D.2 and D.6.d and e, and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" in
paragraphs D.2 and D.6.d and e, and "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in their place;

vii. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State"
in paragraphs D. introductory text and D.3 and adding "the Rural Development
State" in its place;

viii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 programs"
wherever it occurs in paragraph D.3 and adding "Rural Development programs" in
its place;

ix. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 as a" in
paragraph D.3 and adding "Rural Development as a" in its place;

x. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 case" in
paragraph D.6 introductory text and adding "Rural Development case" in its
place; and

xi. Removing "Legislative Affairs and Public Information staff in the National
Office" in paragraph D.6.d and adding "Legislative and Public Affairs Staff in
the Rural Development National Office" in its place.
§ 1980.453 [Amended]

383. Amend § 1980.453 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place; and

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-29"
and adding "the Project Summary" in its place; and

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "2. A copy of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 State Loan Review BoardMinutes" and adding "3. A copy of Rural
Development State Loan Review Board Minutes" in its place.
§ 1980.454 [Amended]

384. Amend § 1980.454 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "provide FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "provide Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "approved by Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "approved by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 National Office" and adding "approved by the National Office" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"intent of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"intent of Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (e) and (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

e. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "Inspection Reports" in paragraph A.2 and adding "Inspection
Report" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
in paragraph C. and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place; and

iv. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph F. and adding "by Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.469 [Amended]

385. Amend § 1980.469 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 of" and adding "Rural Development (RD) of" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(1), (c) introductory text, and (c)(1), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place; and

c. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" in the introductory text and
adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any RD office)" in its place;

ii. Removing "which FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph B.1 and adding "which Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph B.1 and adding "approved by Rural Development" in its
place;

iv. Removing "the time FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs B.2 and C.4 and adding "the time Rural
Development" in its place;

v. Removing "occurs FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph B.2 and adding "occurs Rural Development" in its place;

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
in paragraph B.3 and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

vii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" in
paragraph B.3 and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

viii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 staff" in
paragraph B.3 and adding "Rural Development staff" in its place;

ix. Removing "If FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraphs B.3 and 5 and adding "If Rural Development" in its place;

x. Removing "claim to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs B.3 and 4 and adding "claim to Rural
Development" in its place;

xi. Removing "guaranteed by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph B.3 and adding "guaranteed by Rural Development" in its
place;

xii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 was
deceived" in paragraph B.6 and adding "Rural Development was deceived" in its
place;

xiii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 could
then" in paragraph B.7 and adding "Rural Development could then" in its place;

xiv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
in paragraph C.2 and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place;

xv. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraphs C.3.(d) and C.4 and adding "Form RD" in its place;

xvi. Removing "noted by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
in paragraph C.4 and adding "noted by Rural Development" in its place;

xvii. Removing "statements for FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph C.5 and adding "statements for Rural Development" in its
place;

xviii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 in turn"
in paragraph C.5 and adding "Rural Development in turn" in its place;

xix. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" in
paragraph C.5 and adding "Rural Development's" in its place; and

xx. Removing "borrower and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph C.6 and adding "borrower, and Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1980.470 [Amended]

386. Amend the Administrative text at the end of § 1980.470 by:

a. Removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" from the introductory text
and adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

b. Removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph A. and adding "by the Rural Development" in its place;

c. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph A. and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

d. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraphs B. and D. and adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. Removing "risks of the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
in paragraph B. and adding "risks of Rural Development" in its place;

f. Removing "the lender and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph B. and adding "the lender and Rural Development" in its
place;

g. Removing "when FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D. and adding "when Rural Development" in its place;

h. Removing "will FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 endorse"
in paragraph D. and adding "will Rural Development endorse" in its place; and

i. Removing "assist FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph F. and adding "assist Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.471 [Amended]

387. Amend § 1980.471 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart
(available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)"
and adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(1) and (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel" in
paragraph A. and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" in
paragraph B. and adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

iii. Removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph B. and adding "between Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 consider" in
paragraph B. and adding "Rural Development consider" in its place;

v. Removing "When FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
liquidates," in paragraph B. and adding "When Rural Development liquidates," in
its place;

vi. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs B. and E. and adding "Form RD" in its place;

vii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 is" in
paragraph D. and adding "Rural Development is" in its place;

viii. Removing "499-30" in paragraph E. and adding "449-30" in its place;

ix. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 to" in
paragraph F. and adding "by Rural Development to" in its place; and

x. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 guaranteed
loan" in paragraph F. and adding "Rural Development guaranteed loan" in its
place.
§ 1980.472 [Amended]

388. Amend § 1980.472 by removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart
(available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)"
and adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place.
§ 1980.473 [Amended]

389. Amend § 1980.473 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1980.475 [Amended]

390. Amend § 1980.475 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's opinion, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Rural Development's opinion, Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" in the introductory text and
adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

ii. Removing "that FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph A. and adding "that Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "advising FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
in paragraph F. and adding "advising Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 servicing"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs F. and H. and adding "Rural Development
servicing" in its place; and

v. Removing "actions FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph H. and adding "actions Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.476 [Amended]

391. Amend § 1980.476 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "
Rural Development" in its place wherever it occurs in the following places:

i. Paragraph (a);

i. Paragraphs (e) introductory text, (e)(1), (e)(2), (g)(2)(i), and (g)(2)(iii);

ii. Paragraph (h);

iii. Paragraph (i);

iv. Paragraph (j);

v. Paragraph (l);

vi. Paragraph (m) introductory text; and

vii. Paragraph (n);

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (p), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"Form 449-30" and adding "Form RD 449-30" in its place; and

d. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" and adding "Refer to RD
Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property Management Guide
(available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 file" in
paragraph B. and adding "Rural Development file" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph B. wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1980.481 [Amended]

392. Amend § 1980.481 introductory text by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1980.488 [Amended]

393. Amend § 1980.488(a) and (b), and the administrative text at the end of the
section by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.490 [Amended]

394. Amend § 1980.490 by:

a. In paragraphs (d)(1) through (d)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

b. In paragraph (f)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (f)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-29"
and adding "the Project Summary" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (f)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development will" in its
place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
1980-48" and adding "Form 1980-48" in its place;

e. In paragraph (f)(4):

i. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
1980-23, "Request for Business and Industry Interest Buydown Payment," and
adding "Form RD 1980-24, "Request Interest Assistance/Interest Rate Buydown
Subsidy Payment to Guaranteed Loan Lender," in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 servicing
office" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development servicing office" in
its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations"
and adding "Rural Development regulations" in its place; and

v. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1980-48"
and adding "Form 1980-48" in its place;

f. In paragraph (g), removing "When FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "When Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1980-23" and adding "Form
RD 1980-24" in its place;

g. In paragraphs (n) introductory text, (n)(4), and (n)(5), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (p)(4) introductory text and (p)(5)(iii), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

i. In paragraph (p)(4)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 1980-25, "Farmer Programs Applications," or FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-1" and adding "Form RD 449-1" in
its place.

395. Revise § 1980.495 to read as follows:
§ 1980.495 RD forms and guides.

The following RD forms and guides, as applicable, are used in connection with
processing B&I, D&D, and DARBE loan guarantees; they are incorporated in this
subpart and made a part hereof:

(a) Form RD 449-1. "Application for Loan and Guarantee" is referred to as
"Appendix A," or successor form,

(b) The "Certificate of Incumbency and Signature" or successor form,

(c) "Guidelines for Loan Guarantees for Alcohol Fuel Production Facilities" is
referred to as "Appendix C."

(d) "Alcohol Production Facilities Planning, Performing, Development and Project
Control" is referred to as "Appendix D."

(e) "Environmental Assessment Guidelines" is referred to as "Appendix E."

(f) Form RD 449-14, "Conditional Commitment for Guarantee," or successor form.

(g) "Liquidation and Property Management Guide" as found in RD Instruction
1980-E Appendix G.

(h) "Suggested Format for the Opinion of the Lender's Legal Counsel" is referred
to as "Appendix H."

(i) "Instructions for Loan Guarantees for Drought and Disaster Relief" and Forms
RD 1980-68, "Lender's Agreement--Drought and Disaster Guaranteed Loans,"
1980-69, "Loan Note Guarantee--Drought and Disaster Guaranteed Loans," and
1980-70, "Assignment Guarantee Agreement--Drought and Disaster Guaranteed
Loans," or their successor forms.

(j) [Reserved]

(k) "Regulations for Loan Guarantees for Disaster Assistance for Rural Business
Enterprises" and Forms RD 1980-71, "Lender's Agreement--Disaster Assistance for
Rural Business Enterprises Guaranteed Loans," 1980-72 "Loan Note
Guarantee--Disaster Assistance for Rural Business Enterprises Guaranteed Loans,"
and 1980-73 "Assignment Guarantee Agreement--Disaster Assistance for Rural
Business Enterprises Guaranteed Loans" or their successor forms.
§ 1980.497 [Amended]

396. Amend § 1980.497 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart
(available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)"
and adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a), (b) introductory text, (c), and (d)(1), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "
Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (b)(2) introductory text and (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in
its place;

d. In paragraphs (d)(2) and (d)(7) through (d)(9), removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;
and

e. In paragraph (f):

i. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "BENEFIT OF FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "benefit of RURAL DEVELOPMENT" in its place; and

iii. Removing "UNDER FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "UNDER RURAL DEVELOPMENT" in its place.
§ 1980.498 [Amended]

397. Amend § 1980.498 by:

a. In paragraphs (k) introductory text, (k)(4), and (k)(5), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (m)(5) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (m)(5)(iii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 410-1, "Application for FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 Services," or Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 449-1" and adding "Form RD 449-1" in its place.
Appendices A and B to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Removed and Reserved]

398. Appendices A and B to Subpart E of Part 1980 are removed and reserved.
Appendix D to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended]

399. Amend Appendix D to Subpart E of Part 1980 by removing:

a. "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354)" in paragraph
(I)(B) and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs in
paragraphs (I)(B)(2)(a), (II)(A)(2)(g)(ii), (III)(A)(2), (III)(E) introductory
text, (III)(E)(2), (III)(G), (IV)(A), and (IV)(B)(1) and adding "Rural
Development" in its place; and

c. "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in paragraph
(IV)(B)(3) and adding "Form RD" in its place.
Appendix E to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended]

400. Amend Appendix E to Subpart E of Part 1980 by removing:

a. "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's position" in
paragraph (I) and adding "Rural Development's position" in its place;

b. "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 action" in
paragraph (II) and adding "a Rural Development action" in its place; and

c. "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 action" wherever
it occurs in paragraph (II) and adding "the Rural Development action" in its
place;

d. "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 project" in paragraph
(IV)(2) and adding "Rural Development project" in its place;

e. "or FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in paragraph
(XIII) and adding "or Rural Development" in its place; and

f. "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in paragraph
(XVII) and adding "by Rural Development" in its place.
Appendix F to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Removed and Reserved]

401. Appendix F to subpart E of Part 1980 is removed and reserved.

402. Amend Appendix I to Subpart E of Part 1980 by:

a. Removing ", and appear in theFederal Registerfollowing the body of this
appendix as Exhibits A, B, and C in the following order" in paragraph A.
introductory text;

b. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraphs X.D and X.F and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. Removing "will be used" in paragraphs A.(1) through (3), IV., and E.1 and 2,
and adding "or successor form will be used" in its place;

d. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will not" in
paragraph D. introductory text, and adding "Rural Development will not" in its
place;

e. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D.(2) and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

f. Removing "are FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph J. and adding "are Rural Development" in its place;

g. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" in
paragraph J. and adding "Rural Development has" in its place; and

h. Removing Exhibits A through C.
Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended]

403. Amend Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980 by:

a. Removing ", and appear in theFederal Registerfollowing the body of this
appendix as exhibits A, B, and C in the following order" in the introductory
text;

b. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs A.(1) through (3) and G. and adding "Form RD"
in its place;

c. Removing "will be used" in paragraphs A.(1) thorugh (3) and adding "or
successor form will be used" in its place;

d. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 insruction" wherever
they occur in paragraphs B. through F., H., J., and K. and adding "RD
Instruction" in their place;

e. Removing "other FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354-type
farm loan" in paragraph C. and adding "other Rural Development-type farm loan"
in its place;

f. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" in
paragraph D. and adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

g. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D. and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

h. Removing "will FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D. and adding "will Rural Development" in its place;

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" in
paragraph F. and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

j. Removing "Guarantee DARBE," issued on" in paragraph G. and adding "Guarantee
DARBE, " (or successor form) issued on" in its place;

k. Removing "are FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph J. and adding "are Rural Development" in its place;

l. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 guaranteed
loans" in paragraph J. and adding "Rural Development guaranteed loans" in its
place;

m. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "Rural Development has" in paragraph J. in its place; and

n. Removing Exhibits A through C.
Exhibit G to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended]

404. Amend the Note to Exhibit G to Subpart E of Part 1980 by removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place.
CHAPTER XXXV--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
Part 3550 Direct Single Family Housing Loans and Grants

405. The authority citation for part 3550 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart C--Section 504 Origination and Section 306C Water and Waste Disposal
Grants
§ 3550.103
[Amended]

406. Amend § 3550.103(g) by removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its place.

407. In § 3550.116, revise paragraph (c) to read as follows:
§ 3550.116 Definitions applicable to WWD grants only.

* * * * *

(c) Rural areas. Includes unincorporated areas and any city or town with a
population not in excess of 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is
obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data.

* * * * *
Part 3560 Direct Multi Family Housing Loans and Grants

408. The authority citation for part 3560 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--General Provisions and Definitions
§ 3560.11
[Amended]

409. In § 3560.11, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 3560.11 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area. An area classified as a rural area prior to October 1, 1990, (even
if within a Metropolitan Statistical Area), and any area deemed to be a `rural
area' under any other provision of law at any time during the period beginning
January 1, 2000, and ending December 31, 2010, shall continue to be so
classified until the receipt of data from the decennial census in the year 2020
if such area has a population exceeding 10,000, but not in excess of 35,000, is
rural in character, and has a serious lack of mortgage credit for low- and
moderate-income families.

* * * * *
Subpart B--Direct Loan and Grant Origination
§ 3560.57
[Amended]

410. Amend § 3560.57(c) by removing "most recent census data, or" and adding
"most recent decennial Census of the United States, or" in its place.
Part 3570 Community Programs

411. The authority citation for part 3570 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.

412. Revise § 3570.51(h) to read as follows:
§ 3570.51 General.

* * * * *

(h) The income data used to determine median household income must be that which
accurately reflects the income of the population to be served by the proposed
facility. The median household income of the service area and the
nonmetropolitan median household income for the State will be determined using
5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other
Census Bureau data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census
Bureau data does not accurately represent the median household income within the
area to be served, this will be documented and the applicant may furnish, or RD
may obtain, additional information regarding such median household income data.
Information must consist of reliable data from local, regional, State, or
Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source.

* * * * *

413. In § 3570.53, revise the definition of "Rural and rural area" to read as
follows:
§ 3570.53 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural and rural area. For fiscal year 1999, the terms "rural" and "rural area"
include a city or town with a population of 20,000 or less inhabitants. There is
no limitation placed on population in open rural areas. After fiscal year 1999,
the terms "rural" and "rural area" include a city, town, or unincorporated area
that has a population of 50,000 inhabitants or less, other than an urbanized
area immediately adjacent to a city, town, or unincorporated area that has a
population in excess of 50,000 inhabitants. The population figures are obtained
from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census).
If the applicable population figures cannot be obtained from the most recent
decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figures based on
available population data.

* * * * *
Part 3575 General

414. The authority citation for part 3575 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301, 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--Community Programs Guaranteed Loans

415. In § 3575.2, revise the definition of "Rural and rural area" to read as
follows:
§ 3575.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural and rural area. The terms "rural" and "rural area" mean a city, town, or
unincorporated area that has a population of 50,000 inhabitants or less, other
than an urbanized area immediately adjacent to a city, town, or unincorporated
area that has a population in excess of 50,000 inhabitants. The population
figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States
(decennial Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from
the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population
figure based on available population data.

* * * * *
CHAPTER XLII--RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE AND RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE,
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
Part 4274 Direct and Insured Loanmaking

416. The authority citation for part 4274 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932 note; 7 U.S.C. 1989.

417. In § 4274.302(a), remove the defintion of "Rural or rural area" and add the
definition of "Rural area" in alphabetical order to read as follows:
§ 4274.302 Definitions and abbreviations.

(a) * * *

Rural area. All territory of a State that is not within the outer boundary of
any city having a population of 25,000 or more. The population figure is
obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data.

* * * * *

418. In § 4274.344, revise paragraphs (c)(2) introductory text and (c)(2)(vi)
introductory text to read as follows:
§ 4274.344 Filing and processing applications for loans.

* * * * *

(c) * * *

(2) Employment. For computations under this paragraph, income data should be
5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other
Census Bureau data, updated according to changes in the consumer price index. If
there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does not
accurately represent the median household income of the service area, the
reasons will be documented and the borrower may furnish, or RD may obtain,
additional information regarding such median household income data. Information
must consist of reliable data from local,regional, State or Federal sources or
from a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source. The poverty line used
will be as defined in section 673 (2) of the Community Services Block Grant Act
(42 U.S.C. 9902(2)). Unemployment data used will be that published by the Bureau
of Labor Statistics, U.S. Department of Labor.

* * * * *

(vi) The population of the service area according to the most recent decennial
Census was lower than that recorded by the previous decennial Census (or as
equivalently determined using another data source if the other data source was
used in determining whether the area was rural) by the following percentage:

* * * * *
Part 4279 Guaranteed Loanmaking

419. The authority citation for part 4279 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932(a); and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--General

420. In § 4279.2, revise the definition of "Poor" to read as follows:
§ 4279.2 Definitions and abbreviations.

* * * * *

Poor. A community or area is considered poor if either the county, city, or
census tract where the community or area is located has a median household
income at or below the poverty line for a family of four; has a median household
income below the nonmetropolitan median household income for the State; or has a
population of which 25 percent or more have income at or below the poverty line.
The determination of "poor" will be based on 5-year data from the American
Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. If there is
reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does not accurately
represent the median household income of the community or area, the reasons will
be documented and the borrower may furnish, or RD may obtain, additional
information regarding such median household income data. Information must
consist of reliable data from local, regional, State or Federal sources or from
a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source.

* * * * *
Part 4280 Loans and Grants

421. The authority citation for part 4280 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 904c; 7 U.S.C. 8107.
Subpart A--Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program

422. In § 4280.3, remove the definition of "Rural area" and add the definition
of "Rural or rural area" in alphabetical order to read as follows:
§ 4280.3 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural or rural area. See 7 U.S.C. 1991(a)(13)(A) and (D) et seq.

* * * * *

423. Revise § 4280.42(b)(7) to read as follows:
§ 4280.42 Application evaluation and selection.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(7) Decline in population for the county where the Project is physically
located. If there has been a decline in population in the county where the
Project will be located over the time period covered by the two most recent
decennial Censuses to the present (or equivalent time frame if using a data
source other than the decennial Census), Rural Development will award 10 points.

* * * * *
Subpart B--Rural Energy for America Program General
§ 4280.103
[Amended]

424. Amend § 4280.103 by removing "the latest decennial census" in the
introductory text to the definition of "Rural or rural area" and adding "the
most recent decennial Census" in its place.
Subpart D--Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program

425. In § 4280.302(a), revise the first sentence of the definition of "Rural or
rural area" to read as follows:
4280.302 Definitions and abbreviations.

(a) * * *

Rural or rural area. Any area of a State not in a city or town that has a
population of more than 50,000 inhabitants, according to the most recent
decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census), and the contiguous and
adjacent urbanized area, and any area that has been determined to be "rural in
character" by the Under Secretary for Rural Development, or as otherwise
identified in this definition.

* * *

* * * * *
§ 4280.316 [Amended]

426. Amend § 4280.316(b)(1)(v) by removing "the latest applicable decennial
census" and adding "the most recent decennial Census" in its place.
Part 4284 Grants

427. The authority citation for part 4284 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart F also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1932(e).

Subpart G also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(11).

Subpart J also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1621 note.

Subpart K also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1621 note.
Subpart A--General Requirements for Cooperative Service Grant Programs
§ 4284.3
[Amended]

428. Amend § 4284.3 by removing "the latest decennial census" in the definition
of "rural and rural area" and adding "the most recent decennial Census" in its
place.
Subpart G--Rural Business Opportunity Grants

429. In § 4284.603, revise the definitions of "long-term" and "rural and rural
area" to read as follows:
§ 4284.603 Definitions.

* * * * *

Long-term. The period of time covered by the three most recent decennial
Censuses of the United States to the present.

* * * * *

Rural and rural area. Any area other than a city or town that has a population
of greater than 50,000 inhabitants including the urbanized area contiguous and
adjacent to such a city or town. The population figure used must be in
accordance with the most recent decennial Census of the United States.

* * * * *
Part 4288 Payment Programs

430. The authority citation for part 4288 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--Repowering Assistance Payments to Eligible Biorefineries
§ 4288.2
[Amended]

431. Amend § 4288.2 by removing "the latest decennial census" in the
introductory text of the definition of "Rural or rural area" and adding "the
most recent decennial Census" in its place.
Part 4290 Rural Business Investment Company Rbic Program

432. The authority citation for part 4290 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1989 and 209cc et seq.
Subpart B--Definition of Terms Used in Part 4290

433. In § 4290.50, revise the introductory text of the definition of "Rural
Area" and revise the definition of "Urban Area" to read as follows:
§ 4290.50 Definition of terms.

* * * * *

Rural Area means any area of a State not in a city or town that has a population
of more than 50,000 inhabitants, according to the most recent decennial Census
of the United States (decennial Census), or in the urbanized area contiguous and
adjacent to a city or town that has a population of more than 50,000
inhabitants, and any area that has been determined to be "rural in character" by
the Under Secretary for Rural Development, or as otherwise identified in this
definition.

* * * * *

Urban Area means an area containing a city (or its equivalent), or any
equivalent geographic area determined by the Census Bureau and adopted by the
Secretary for purposes of this definition (about which the Secretary will
publish a document in theFederal Registerfrom time to time), which had a
population of over 150,000 in the most recent decennial Census and the urbanized
areas containing or adjacent to that city, both as determined by the Bureau of
the Census for the most recent decennial Census.

* * * * *
Dated: January 15, 2015.
Lisa Mensah,
Under Secretary, Rural Development.
Dated: January 23, 2015.
Michael Scuse,
Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.
[FR Doc. 2015-01571 Filed 2-23-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              114 of 119 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright (c) 2014 University of Detroit Mercy School of Law

                     University of Detroit Mercy Law Review

                                   Fall, 2014

                     University of Detroit Mercy Law Review

                          91 U. Det. Mercy L. Rev. 317

LENGTH: 15509 words

NOTE: Cultivating Capital: A Look at the Issues Affecting Urban Farms as a
Business and How New Innovative Policy Changes at the Federal and State Level
Will Impact the Financial Sustainability of Urban Farms

NAME: William Semaan*

BIO: * William E. Semaan Jr. is a third-year student at the University of
Detroit Mercy School of Law. He would like to thank Professor Jacqueline Hand
for her guidance in planning and writing this Note. He would also like to thank
the Executive Board of Law Review for the opportunity to publish this Note.

HIGHLIGHT: John Greene is at a crossroads in his life. As a 29 year-old army
veteran living in Detroit, John cannot seem to find his niche in society after
his stint in Iraq. John attempted a career in sales, however working out of a
cubicle 40 hours a week was a difficult lifestyle to adapt to. As a true
outdoorsman, John has always held an interest in agriculture. Moreover, John has
always been an entrepreneur at heart and longed to start his own small business.
As a life-long Detroit native, John decides he wants to put his sales career
aside and start his own urban farm in Detroit.

TEXT:
 [*317]  Introduction

 Urban agriculture is experiencing a boom among American cities today. Over the
past two decades, urban agriculture has emerged as a movement to foster the
rehabilitation of ailing cities, supporting local economies, and providing
communities with access to fresh foods. n1 These efforts have typically taken
root in blighted American cities with dense populations and an abundance of
available land. n2 Urban agriculture enthusiasts see community gardens and urban
farms as a source of healthy food production, a potential source of income, and
a cost-effective way to utilize vacant land. n3 Unlike traditional agriculture,
urban agriculture is a more complex system, which encompasses a broad spectrum
of interests and benefits, from sustainable and organic methods of farming to
traditional activities associated with the production and distribution of food.
Although the upside seems measureless, the unfortunate truth is that urban farms
have yet to find success in the market economy. n4 "They may  [*318]  be at the
forefront of ecological sustainability, but economic sustainability eludes
them." n5

   In particular, one must wonder where the funding comes from for such a large
movement, and whether urban farmers can maintain a living off such an
unconventional business. Despite the demand from the community, many urban
farmers have struggled to secure sufficient capital to finance their projects.
n6 Urban farm entrepreneurs are finding that the traditional and archaic methods
of securing capital for agricultural ventures, such as government farm loans or
grants, are especially difficult to obtain due to the unique nature of urban
farming businesses. Fortunately, the path to stable funding for urban
agriculture businesses is in sight as mounting advocacy for new capital sources
has led to innovative policy changes at the federal and state level.

   This Note will analyze some of the financial and business-related concerns
many urban-farm entrepreneurs are facing today. Securing sufficient capital in
order to finance startup expenses is a crucial step in starting any business,
including urban farms. The first section will discuss reasons why urban farm
entrepreneurs are struggling to secure capital. As limited sources of available
capital for young and cash-strapped entrepreneurs impedes the development of
many urban farms, this Note will also discuss new and alternative sources of
available capital, including recently enacted legislation that would assist
urban farmers with securing microloans. The features of microloans include small
amounts, flexible payment periods, and a streamlined application process, which
make them an ideal source of capital for urban farm entrepreneurs.

   In the midst of financial ruin and home to the largest amount of abandoned
property in the country, Detroit fits the profile of a city urban farm
entrepreneurs flock to. As a result, Detroit has essentially become a test lab
for the urban agricultural movement. Therefore, this Note will use Detroit as a
case study in determining which factors are affecting urban farm entrepreneurs'
access to capital and the sustainability of urban farms as a business.

   Whether urban farming entrepreneurs are able to secure sufficient capital for
their businesses or not, it is essential for them to develop plausible business
strategies. This is because of the unconventional business nature of urban
agriculture, particularly its underlying  [*319]  environmental and social
goals, which urban farmers strive to fulfill in addition to making a living. For
this reason, it must be assessed whether there should be an alternative legal
status or business structure for businesses like urban farms that is better
suited to support their unique interests. Therefore, this Note will also explore
newly proposed legislation, including benefit corporation laws, as an
alternative status to traditional for-profit and non-profit businesses, and
whether this new status can help urban farms achieve their goals.

   I. Many Entrepreneurs Struggle to Secure Capital for Urban Farm Projects

 Among the first steps for John in starting his urban farm is determining which
type of crops his farm will produce and finding suitable land for his farm.
However, one of the most important steps and perhaps, the most troubling for
many young urban farmers is securing capital and financing his urban farm
business. Unfortunately, John did not save much money while in the army nor in
his short-lived sales career. With only a credit card and few thousand dollars
in a savings account to his name, John applies for a loan from the Farm Service
Agency in an effort to obtain enough funding for his urban farm.

   There is no doubt that Americans' preference for sustainable agriculture,
including organic farming and urban agriculture, has grown considerably in
recent years. n7 This growth is largely due to the changing agricultural
landscape of America over the past decade. America has experienced a shift in
agricultural policy favoring large commercial "mega-farms," which has led to the
erosion of the small family farm. However, this shift has also resulted in a
multitude of legal and environmental issues. n8 For this reason, our society has
become more conscious of environmental and health issues more than ever before.
Food safety fears, organically grown foods, nutrition, and an inclination to
support local farmers are just some of the reasons why American consumers prefer
organic and urban  [*320]  farming as the source of their food. n9 The
Department of Agriculture estimates that nearly fifteen percent of the world's
food is being grown in urban environments. n10 This number can only grow as over
80% of the American population is now living in urban areas. n11

   In the past two decades, America has seen a significant growth in organic
farming. n12 Due to the lack of statistical research measuring the progress of
urban agriculture, statistics of organic farming can be used to capture similar
general trends in America since the similarities between organic and urban
farming are vast and the majority of urban farms employ organic methods. n13
Organic food sales grew from $ 1 billion in 1990 to $ 26.7 billion in 2010 and
almost seventy percent of U.S. consumers now purchase organic products. n14
Despite this significant growth, a majority of organic farms remain small. n15
Studies indicate that such rapid growth in the organic food market has
overwhelmed organic farmers to the point where they cannot match the pace of
expansion with increases in farm production. n16 This rationale is supported by
the fact that a majority of organic farms are family-based operations;
approximately eighty-five percent of organic farms are listed as either sole
proprietorships or family partnerships, and a majority of organic farms generate
less than $ 25,000 in sales. n17 These statistics suggest that the overall
growth of the organic farm  [*321]  industry "tends to be more accounted for by
business start-ups" as opposed to the expansion of existing businesses. n18
Among the slew of factors this trend could be attributed to include the business
structures, philosophies, management styles, and mentalities of organic farmers,
which distinguishes them from operators of traditional and conventional farms.
n19

   Determining how to finance operations is a crucial step to starting any
business. Many entrepreneurs planning to start their own small-scale urban farms
have struggled to secure capital to finance their projects. n20 Among the
various issues contributing to this problem is the fact that urban farmers tend
to be young and newly-minted entrepreneurs. n21 Many young entrepreneurs seeking
their first business endeavor often have little business acumen or no financial
track record to prove financial viability. n22 Another reason is that urban
agriculture is such an unconventional business that traditional and established
methods of business valuation do not apply. n23 Furthermore, part of the problem
is that starting a small-scale urban farm requires fairly small amounts of
money, which, in many cases, may fall short of typical lending standards or is
likely not feasible when lending transactions costs are factored in. n24 As a
result of their struggles to secure capital, many urban-farm entrepreneurs have
turned to their credit cards in order to finance their business operations. n25
Cash-strapped urban famers may be forced to put thousands of dollars' worth of
expenses on a credit card, which is a mistake for a large farm, but may prove to
be devastating for small-scale urban farms. n26

   These financing troubles were demonstrated in a small survey of local Detroit
food and farming entrepreneurs assessing how they approach funding their
operations. n27 Among the surveyed, only five percent claimed they had
successfully obtained commercial bank loans. n28 Sixty-two percent  [*322]  of
the entrepreneurs said they used personal savings and credit cards, twenty-six
percent of which said they planned on using personal savings and credit cards in
the future. n29 Furthermore, sixty-four percent wished to finance their
operations with grants and donations, but only forty-five percent had
successfully done so. n30 Because this problem is so critical, legislatures have
finally responded. Indeed, Congress and state legislatures, along with a number
of public and private organizations, have established special loan programs
specifically designed for smaller organic and urban farms.

   II. The Features and Characteristics of Microloans Fit the Needs of Small
Urban Farms and May Be the Most Effective Source of Capital for Young Urban
Farming Entrepreneurs

 John decides he is going to grow a variety of vegetables on his urban farm and
sets his sights on a half-acre plot of land on the east side of Detroit. After
spending weeks searching for a FSA loan, which included filling out paper work
and trying to meet all of loan's strict requirements for applicants, a
frustrated John was not able to find a suitable loan that matched the needs of
his urban farm business. Given the fact that John only had limited farming and
business experience, he could not meet all of the qualifications of the federal
farm loans available to made available to urban-farm entrepreneurs. With such
limited farming and business experience, John just could not meet the
qualifications of the available federal farm loans.

   A. Problems with Traditional Farm Service Agency Farmer Loans

 Many of the traditional agricultural loans offered by the United States
Department of Agriculture's (USDA) loaning arm, the Farm Service Agency (FSA),
are archaic and do not fit the needs of this generation of urban farm
entrepreneurs. n31 The typical young and inexperienced urban-farm entrepreneur
seeking a traditional FSA loan is often rejected because those types of loans
are designed to support revenues estimated from large monocrop farms as opposed
to smaller-scale community supported agriculture operations with varying crops
yielding different margins throughout the year. n32 Also, traditional lending
channels tend to shy away from such unconventional businesses for which
production output bears  [*323]  such uncertainty. Because crops from urban
farms are seasonal and perishable, "farmers often must invest quickly or risk
losing their inventory." n33 For these reasons, commercial bank loans and
traditional government loans are often difficult to obtain for urban farm
entrepreneurs.

   Another problem urban farmers face in applying for a FSA loan is the
stringent qualifications applicants must satisfy in order to be eligible for a
loan. Take for instance a young entrepreneur with little or no agricultural
experience applying for FSA's Beginning Farmers and Ranchers loan. n34 According
to the FSA, a beginning farmer is defined as one who: "has not operated a farm
for more than 10 years, does not own a farm or ranch greater than 30 percent of
the median size farm in the country[,] ... meets the loan eligibility
requirements of the program to which he/she is applying, and substantially
participates in the [farm] operation." n35 Furthermore, in order to meet the
loan eligibility requirements for the Beginning Farmers and Ranchers loan, all
applicants "must have participated in the business operation of a farm for at
least three years out of the ten years prior to the date the application is
submitted," and the applicant "must make a cash down payment of at least 5
percent of the purchase price." n36 This preliminary requirement alone, among
many others, is unlikely to be met by many beginning and inexperienced
entrepreneurs. These requirements, combined with the complex application process
and extensive paperwork, often drives young farmers to turn to high-interest
credit cards to avoid the hassle. n37

   B. FSA Microloan Program

 In many cases, urban farm entrepreneurs in the beginning stages of their
project require only small amounts of funding for specific capital investments.
n38 This need seems to fit the goal of microloans. For this reason, microloans
could prove to be one of the most effective sources of capital for young urban
farming entrepreneurs. In January of 2013, the FSA launched its microloan
program to serve the needs of smaller farming operations, such as specialty crop
producers and operators of community supported agriculture. n39 The microloan
program is the result of an  [*324]  amendment to the federal Agriculture Reform
and Risk Management Act of 2012, known as the Farm Bill. n40 This amendment was
among the first actions Congress took in acknowledging the importance of
sustainable and locally grown agriculture.

   The concept of micro-lending was initially conceived in South Asia as a form
of financial development primarily focused on alleviating poverty by providing
financial assistance to the poor. n41 Micro-lending caters to low-income
households that typically are unable to secure loans through regular lending
channels as banks tend to view these borrowers as "non-bankable clients," with
high credit risks and small loans requests. n42 Despite skepticism by regular
lending channels, the micro-lending concept proved to be a successful movement.
n43 As microfinance institutions began operating around the world, a majority of
them reported successful operations due to effective poverty alleviation and
loan repayment rates of over 90 percent. n44 Microfinance has been a regular
practice in the United States since the 1980s; however, it was not introduced to
the agricultural industry until the establishment of the USDA's microloan
program in early 2013. n45

   1. Microloan Application Process

 In implementing the microloan program, the FSA has focused on streamlining the
application process and providing a longer payment period. n46 Microloans are
funded through FSA's Direct Operating Loan program and have a maximum amount of
$ 35,000, as opposed to the $ 300,000 loan cap for traditional FSA
farm-operating loans. n47 Applicants are required to secure these microloans
with collateral in the form of farm property worth at least 100 percent of the
loan amount. n48 FSA's microloan program features a more simplified and
efficient application process,  [*325]  including less paperwork and the use of
online applications. These features appear better suited to meet the
business-related needs of young and inexperienced entrepreneurs than traditional
farm loans do.

   2. Prior Farming Experience

 In contrast with traditionally strict FSA farm loan qualifications requiring a
great deal of prior experience working on a farm, microloan applicants are given
additional flexibility in meeting FSA's farm experience requirements. n49 For
microloans, experience may now include: small business practice, self-directed
apprenticeships, or involvement with an agricultural organization, such as
Future Farmers of America, farm-incubator programs, or community-based farm
training organizations. n50 These experience requirements fit the profile of
many urban farm entrepreneurs - young, cash-strapped, and with limited farming
experience.

   3. Itemized Cash-Flow & Past Yields

 Another feature urban farmers may find favorable is that FSA microloans do not
require an itemized cash-flow budget for microloan applicants. n51 An itemized
cash-flow budget, which was found in previous FSA loans, required farmers, such
as diverse vegetable growers, to develop cash-flow reports for each crop. n52
This process is tedious and is not a representative measure of success,
especially for urban farmers. n53 Another feature of FSA microloans is that
farmers are no longer required to report past yields. n54 Rather, microloan
"applicants can provide other forms of documentation such as operator's sales
receipts, financial statements, contracts, or tax returns." n55 This feature
especially benefits entrepreneurs without much farming experience.

   4. Results of the FSA Microloan Program

 Since the program's launch in January of 2013, statistics show that a solid
number of farmers have utilized FSA's microloan program. From  [*326]  January
to the close of the fiscal year, September 30, 2013, FSA made a total of 3,433
microloans in all fifty states. n56 FSA branches across the country were able to
provide over $ 66.8 million in microloans assisting beginning and smaller-scale
farmers to pay annual operating expenses such as seed, rent, and insurance. n57
The amount of microloans made in 2013 accounted for a quarter of all loans made
through FSA's Direct Operating Loan program. n58

   Perhaps one of the most encouraging signs that the FSA microloan program
could find success as a viable source of capital for urban farmers is that 68
percent of all microloans issued in the program's first year were made to
beginning farmers. n59 Furthermore, the majority of famers that received a
microloan in 2013 have received their first FSA loan. This is an indication that
the FSA microloan program may be reaching farmers unable to secure credit from
other sources. This is especially promising for entrepreneurs with minimal
agricultural experience looking to start an urban farm. n60

   5. Agricultural Act of 2014 Improvements to the FSA Microloan Programs

 Although FSA's microloan program has been relatively successful since its
establishment in 2013, further amendments were made to the Farm Bill in January
of 2014 when President Obama signed into law the Agricultural Act of 2014. n61
The new Farm Bill generally increases funding for urban agriculture, including $
150 million designated to Farmers Markets and Local Food Promotion among other
similar food programs. n62 Although spending increases for urban farming and
sustainable agriculture were not necessarily substantial, it does indicate that
Congress undoubtedly believes urban agriculture and other sustainable food
programs are effective and will likely play a large role in the future of
agriculture. Congress demonstrated this sentiment in one of the key features of
the new  [*327]  Farm bill - the permanent implementation of the FSA's microloan
program. n63

   In addition to its permanent implementation of the FSA microloan program, the
new Farm Bill includes some minor improvements to the program. Among the most
significant improvements is the exemption of microloans from term limits. These
term limits, which otherwise apply to direct operation loans, restrict the
number of years borrowers are eligible for FSA loans. n64 Term limits are often
viewed as inflexible limitations that leave farmers with no options or
exceptions in the case of natural disasters or drastic market slides. n65
Consequently, microloans made to beginning farmers are exempt from any term
limits. n66 This exemption is intended to keep young farmers from being
discouraged to seek a microloan when surpassing their term limit could inhibit
their eligibility in the future to receive other FSA loans once they have
sustained or expanded their operations. n67 The amendments focus particularly on
young farmers, as the bill will invest $ 444 million directly into beginning,
veteran, and socially disadvantaged farmer initiatives over the next ten years.
n68 The spending for the new bill represents a 154 percent increase over the
previous farm bill, which further supports the notion that Congress recognizes a
need to address the next generation of farmers. n69

   Overall, the new Farm Bill indicates Congress' commitment to steer
agricultural policy in the direction of sustainable agriculture for the future.
The most significant program of microloans features patient and flexible terms,
a more simplified application process, and smaller loan amounts, making them
ideal for initial start-up expenses for urban farms. This would typically
include annual expenses such as seed, fertilizer, utilities, and land rents. It
could also include marketing and distribution expenses, family living expenses,
purchase of livestock, equipment, and other materials essential to farm
operations, like essential tools, irrigation, and delivery vehicles. n70

[*328]

   C. The Numerous Amounts of Federal Grant Programs Provided by the USDA are
Largely Unavailing for Small-Scale Urban Farmers

 Though microloans could prove to be a very effective source of capital for
urban farmers, they are not for everyone. One particular issue with microloans
is that they "must be very focused in their funding goals, otherwise the
coordination costs may not be worth the effort for such small amounts of money."
n71 An alternative or additional source of capital is grant programs. Grant
programs are offered from a variety of different sources, many of which are
designed specifically to fund urban farm projects. However, as many urban farm
entrepreneurs believe some type of grant will finance at least a portion of
their farms, many come to realize the difficulties involved with securing a
grant. n72 Federal grant programs offer a number of different grants to farmers,
yet they are not a reliable source of capital for urban farms, as evidenced by
the fact that only about 18 percent of submitted proposals for the UDSA's
Community Food Projects Competitive Grants Program were awarded a grant in 2013.
n73

   Grants are nothing new to urban farmers as many rely heavily on grants for
funding. n74 The primary reason why federal grant programs are typically
ineffective for urban farm entrepreneurs is because the amount and timing of the
grants rely on a notoriously unpredictable and frustrating process. n75 The
difficulty and uncertainty involved with securing grants often leads to young
urban-farming entrepreneurs turning to simpler and quicker financing means, such
as credit cards. n76

   Nevertheless, there are some grants that, if awarded, may assist urban farms
in their financial goals. An example of a favorable federal grant program for
urban farmers is the Community Food Projects Competitive Grant Program (CFP).
n77 This program is designed to fund non-profit organizations for projects that
meet the food related needs of low-income people by expanding their communities'
capacities to provide sufficient amounts of food for its residents. n78 The CFP
also funds projects that create  [*329]  marketing activities to benefit both
agricultural producers and low-income consumers, as well as projects for
infrastructure improvement and development in order to meet local food and
agricultural needs. n79 Also, private non-profit organizations in collaboration
with local government are eligible to receive funding as well. n80 The type of
communities that the CFP grant program targets are the same communities likely
to have a significant urban agriculture practice - low-income communities with
weak infrastructures.

   1. Problems with Community Food Project (CFP)

 As CFP grants seem like an ideal loan for urban agriculture projects, it is
likely to be out of range for small-scale urban farmers in the beginning stages.
For instance, to be considered for a CFP grant, organizations must have
experience in either community food work, job training, or business development.
n81 A CFP grant also requires a dollar-for-dollar match of resources provided.
n82 Accordingly, young farmers are expected to secure their own sources of
funding as well. n83

   Furthermore, the CFP grant program receives $ 5 million a year in mandatory
funding. n84 This means that CFP grants may only fund non-profit organizations
in amounts anywhere from $ 10,000 to $ 300,000. n85 It would be impractical for
urban farmers to rely on such a competitive source for funds. Also,
entrepreneurs hoping to start an urban farm business usually require small
amounts of funding, much less than the minimum amount of a CFP grant. n86 While
the Agricultural Act of 2014 provided some modifications to the CFP grant
program, including increasing the mandatory funding to $ 9 million and a
two-year extension of the grant period, the changes will not take effect until
2015. n87 Consequently, many small-scale urban farmers are unlikely to meet the
demanding requirements of a CFP grant.

[*330]

   III. Detroit as a Case Study: Urban Farm Entrepreneurs Should Focus More on
Developing Plausible Business Plans Rather Than Focusing on Securing Capital

 After extensively researching different agricultural techniques, John Green
begins to calculate his potential expenses. John is planning to start a
mid-sized vegetable farm on a plot of land about a half-acre in size. He
anticipates his likely expenses to include: a rototiller, coolers, a seeder,
standard tools, harvesting bins, hoses, sales and marketing. n88 A rototiller is
a motorized plow used to cultivate the soil, costing roughly $ 4,500. n89 Two
produce coolers would cost around $ 4,000 and are necessary to store fresh
vegetables and prevent spoilage. n90 Standard tools and equipment would cost
around $ 1,000. n91 As for sales and marketing, John projects it will cost
approximately $ 500, which would likely include tables at a farmers market,
display baskets, a digital scale, among other items necessary to market and sell
products. n92 Accordingly, expenses total approximately $ 10,000, which is not a
trivial amount of money for someone with limited funds. If he were to apply for
a $ 10,000 FSA microloan and actually receive one, John wonders if he would be
able to pay back the loan within a year, let alone turn a profit. n93

   In recent years, Detroit has become the home of a growing network of urban
farms and gardens. n94 Urban agriculture is not a new concept to Detroit, as the
"community garden movement" in the United States originated in Detroit during
the depression of the 1890s. n95 The movement was the result of a relief program
established by then Detroit Mayor Hazen Pingree. Mayor Pingree's program donated
vacant land for community gardens in an effort to alleviate unemployment and
supplement the diets of Detroit residents. n96 Today, as Detroit faces
substantial socioeconomic issues, including bankruptcy, many champion the idea
of rehabilitating the  [*331]  city with urban agriculture. n97 Detroit has
become one of the most attractive destinations for many urban farm
entrepreneurs, largely due to the abundance of vacant land in the city. n98
Currently, there is almost fifty square miles of vacant land in Detroit, which
is the equivalent of a 30,000 acre farm. n99 There is a demand for
locally-produced food in Detroit communities; however, the struggle for food
entrepreneurs to secure capital is especially prevalent in Detroit, a problem
which has been further exacerbated by the city's bankruptcy. n100

   Despite increased spending by Congress aimed at expanding the practice of
organic and urban agriculture in America, it is still unclear whether urban
farms can survive as a business in the long run. n101 Part of the problem is
that the scarcity of capital has urban farm entrepreneurs focusing on money
causing them to overlook other pivotal steps to forming maintaining a business.
n102 Among the various business and financial-related obstacles preventing urban
farms from being successful businesses, there are two significant factors from
which many problems can be traced: (1) a lack of business experience and (2) a
lack of farming experience. While these two factors may seem broad in scope and
somewhat vague, it is still of paramount importance for any entrepreneur to
develop a plausible business strategy before starting a business, including one
centered around urban farming practices.

   A. Are FSA Microloans Reaching Urban Farmers?

 While statistics initially indicated a fairly successful start for the FSA
microloan program in its first year, they also show geographical, agricultural,
and demographical disparities. n103 For instance, a vast majority of states made
fewer than 100 microloans to farmers in their states. For example, Michigan made
less than 50 microloans in all of 2013. n104  [*332]  Furthermore, just six
states accounted for almost a third of all microloans issued in the entire
country: Mississippi, Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, West Virginia, and North
Carolina. n105 While this may signal that some states are finding more success
reaching out to farmers or training their FSA loan agents, it also suggests
microloans are not reaching urban farmers.

   The six states that issued the most microloans all lie in the Appalachian and
Southern region of the country and have an average farm size of 180 acres. n106
Although 180 acres is much smaller than the national average of 418 acres, n107
urban farms are rarely ever that large. n108 Also, with the exception of
Nashville, there are no major cities with significant urban agriculture
practices located in those top six states. n109 Perhaps it may be imprudent to
jump to conclusions as to the results of the FSA microloan program in its first
year, yet these statistics do suggest that urban farmers may not be benefitting
from FSA microloans as expected, even when the program was specifically designed
for such farms. n110 One prominent Detroit food advocate running a food
enterprise incubator believes many urban farm entrepreneurs hear about the
scarcity of capital in Detroit and think they need to get their hands on money
rather than focusing more attention on what they would need the money for or how
they will pay it back. n111 Instead a more thorough preparation in business
structure can lead to more financing options, since "funding opportunities
depend on both legal structure and chronological stage." n112

   One loan agent from a Farm Service Agency branch in Michigan believes one of
the biggest problems with urban farm entrepreneurs in  [*333]  Detroit is
agricultural inexperience. n113 The loan agent claims that the lack of farming
knowledge and experience affects the urban farmer's business plan, no matter how
business savvy he may be. n114 When farmers lack the knowledge about what it
takes to grow crops, they are more likely to miscalculate expenditures and less
likely to foresee potential risks. n115 For these reasons, among others, this
Michigan loan agent has yet to offer one microloan to any borrower after a year
of the program's establishment. Additionally, the loan agent maintains that
another reason he has not approved any microloans is that he does not know how
to access clientele. n116 Although some have inquired about microloans, many
Detroit urban-farm entrepreneurs are either unaware or uneducated about the
FSA's microloan program. n117

   Moreover, for the few that have inquired about loans and other available
funding, many lack adequate farming knowledge to demonstrate a plausible
business plan to FSA loan agents. n118 "Most [urban farmers in Detroit] have
great ideas, but lack the knowledge to put them into work." n119 For instance,
the current conventional wisdom of beginning urban farmers and potential
borrowers in Detroit is that machinery is required to produce crops before there
are even crops in the ground. n120 This type of thinking can lead to financial
ruin for urban farmers, as there are many crops that can be produced without
machinery. n121 With the right piece of land, there are many different crops
that urban farmers can grow for the price of seed, fertilizer, and a simple
shovel. n122 Such problems are directly related to business knowledge and
farming experience. Because FSA loan agents only require minimal information and
experience from first-time microloan borrowers, and because loans must be repaid
within twelve months, many  [*334]  farmers may lack enough production in one
year to be able to pay back their debts. n123

   B. Analyzing How Capital Would be Appropriated for Urban Farm Start-Up
Expenses Using Examples

 Take John Green for example. n124 John's crops would receive little return
value because production costs are especially high during an urban farmer's
first year. Also, if machinery is involved in the operation, it serves as
security to the loan along with the crops. n125 This means that if John's crops
fail in the first year, for whatever reason, he must still liquidate the
machinery to pay back the loan, which would be devastating to his business. As a
result, John should focus on growing inexpensive crops that give volume return,
such as lettuce, tomatoes, bell peppers, garlic, or squash. n126 Even if John's
farm yields a successful harvest in the first year, the total cost of production
listed above does not include operating expenses for things such as seeds,
transportation, and farmers market fees. Depending on a number of factors
including sales goals and labor costs, operating expenses could come to an
additional $ 5,000 to $ 10,000 in costs per year. n127 Consequently, if a
microloan were granted for around $ 10,000, John Green's primary goal would be
to sell enough crops to pay back the loan, before any thought of expanding
operations. n128

   To better understand the financial difficulties involved with starting an
urban farm, it is also necessary to evaluate actual results. In one study
examining whether urban farmers in both commercial and non-profit settings
earned a living, around 66 percent reported that they did not earn a living.
n129 For instance, the owners of Lily City Gardens, a three-quarter acre urban
vegetable farm in San Francisco, considered their salary to be "embarrassing"
after a year of production. n130 In Lily City Gardens' first year of production
and sales, it marketed its produce to restaurants,  [*335]  caterers, and the
public out of a farm stand. n131 The owners reported that their revenue from
that year allowed them to cover costs, set aside money for the next year, and to
pay themselves a salary of $ 10,000. n132 They acknowledged that they could not
sustain such a small salary for too long, and that it was not even considered a
living wage in San Francisco. n133

   C. Agricultural Act of 2014 Addressing Issues of Educating Urban Farmers in
Agricultural and Business Practices

 Congress did in fact address the issue of educating urban farmers with business
and agricultural practices in the recently enacted Agricultural Act of 2014. One
of the most significant provisions in the new Farm Bill involves educating
recipients of FSA microloans through a new intermediary lending pilot program.
n134 As mentioned above, it is important to provide financial education and
counseling to first-time borrowers as many tend to have limited business
experience. n135 This provision of the new Farm Bill, which is modeled after the
successful Intermediary Relending Program & Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program, would allow the USDA and the FSA to work with intermediary lenders to
not only service microloans, but also to provide technical assistance to
borrowers and to assist in outreach and financial education to prospective
applicants. n136 In receiving such education, borrowers are likely to gain a
better understanding of how microloans operate and should be able to make more
competent business decisions as to how they appropriate their funds.

   The new Farm Bill also improves the way microloans are distributed. One
obstacle preventing FSA offices from making more microloans is the ability of
their already hard-pressed loan agents to service their existing loans, let
alone asking them to provide technical assistance and counseling to the
increasing number of first-time borrowers who would potentially be interested in
microloans. n137 As a result, a provision in the new Farm Bill gives the USDA
authority to partner with private, non-profit, and other public institutions in
order to utilize the expertise and assistance of institutions already engaged in
offering microloans, such as Non-Governmental Organizations, Community Financial
Institutions, and State Departments of Agriculture. n138 This provision should
streamline the  [*336]  microloan distribution process by providing FSA loan
agents with assistance to inform more prospective borrowers and supply better
service.

   On the other hand, some programs, which would have been beneficial to urban
farmers, were cut from the new Farm Bill. The Beginning Farmer and Rancher
Individual Development Account program was intended to assist beginner farmers
having only limited financial resources with obtaining sufficient capital for
their farm businesses. n139 The program was created in the last farm bill, but
never received enough funding. n140 The new Farm Bill also cut funding nearly in
half for the well-established Outreach and Assistance for Socially Disadvantaged
Farmer and Ranchers program, also known as the Section 2501 program, which has
been operating since the 1990s. n141 This program has helped many
underprivileged farmers, including minority farmers whose participation in
federal farm programs has historically been lower than other groups, gain access
to federal programs. n142 The Section 2501 program has also been successful in
creating valuable partnerships between the USDA and community based
organizations that work with socially disadvantaged farmers to assist them in
obtaining credit, conservation, and development programs. n143 This program
might have proved useful for urban farms.

   D. Non-Profit Organizations Provide a More Business-Oriented Approach

 In addition to the federal government, there are many public, private, and
non-profit organizations that provide a variety of services for urban farmers.
Some non-profit organizations have even established their own lending programs
designed to fit the needs of urban farms. n144 A distinct feature in many of
these organizations is their tendency to provide valuable business and
educational assistance to urban farm entrepreneurs. n145 Urban famers should
take advantage of such organizations, like Fair Food  [*337]  Network and
Greening of Detroit, which are committed to assisting food and farm
entrepreneurs in their business needs. n146

   The Fair Food Network is a Michigan-based non-profit organization "dedicated
to building a more just and sustainable national food system." n147 Its work
largely focuses on assisting food and farm entrepreneurs by strengthening
funding strategies, expanding networks, and sharing knowledge. n148 Fair Food
Network has also launched its own microloan program that can be tailored to
small-scale urban farming operations. n149 Fair Food Network's microloan program
features more flexible and patient terms, including adjustable interest rates
and loan durations that can adjust in accordance with a business's fluctuations.
n150 In addition, the loans do not require a history of strong profits, although
borrowers do have to have a credible business plan. n151 Above all, the Fair
Food Network's ability to bring local food entrepreneurs together could be
especially beneficial. Fair Food Network often organizes gatherings where local
urban agriculture entrepreneurs meet with investors with an interest in
supporting local food-related programs. n152

   Greening of Detroit is a non-profit resource agency, which maintains a
slightly different approach from Fair Food Network. n153 Greening of Detroit
focuses more on providing agricultural and environmental education to urban
farmers, and often partners with corporations, foundations, federal, state and
local agencies, including the USDA. n154 It has collaborated with several
schools to create garden-based curricula and it hosts an adult apprenticeship
education program," which provides "hands-on training in farming, agricultural
education, and building community relationships." n155 Furthermore, Greening of
Detroit provides technical assistance to urban farmers "in season extension
tools and solar passive greenhouse construction," while also providing garden
resources, such as "soil testing, tilling, raised bed construction and water
catchment systems to gardens across the city." n156 Assistance with such
resources can be extremely  [*338]  valuable to many urban farm entrepreneurs
with minimal farming experience in order to operate more efficiently and avoid
costly mistakes.

   While focusing on business strategy and financial planning can help
entrepreneurs successfully start their urban farm operations, it is still
unclear whether urban farmers can make a living and maintain their businesses in
the future. In order to explore this question, it is necessary to start with a
broad approach that considers the various ends pursued through urban agriculture
rather than discussions based on narrow analyses of empirical data. The
underlying motivations of urban agriculture are developing local food systems,
strengthening food security, reducing food waste, promoting nutritional food,
and expanding the economic base of cities, especially in underprivileged
communities. n157 Accordingly, the ethical and moral nature of these goals
suggests that urban agriculture is about much more than merely turning a profit.

   IV. Benefit Corporations: Innovative Policy Changes Involving a New Benefit
Corporation Structure are being Proposed in Many State Legislatures that could
Greatly Benefit Urban Farming Businesses

 Regardless of the ethical and moral goals, urban farms still face the same
issues all farms do, including the cost of land and farm debt. n158 While
profit-driven commercial farms may deal with these general farm pressures in
terms of economics and cost-efficiency, urban farms may face difficulties
dealing with these same issues because of their unique aspirations. For this
reason, a traditional for-profit business structure for an enterprise that
focuses on social and environmental goals as opposed to commercial ones may not
be viable. But what if urban farms wish to maintain their for-profit activities
in addition to their social and environmental benefits?

   Fortunately, this debate has sparked innovative policy changes in state
legislatures across the country. These policies attempt to address the unique
needs of for-profit, mission-driven businesses. In terms of legal status and
business structure, the binary federal system divides all business entities into
for-profit or non-profit status. n159 A new legal business status called
"benefit corporations" would allow businesses to work as a hybrid of  [*339]  a
non-profit and for-profit entity. n160 Benefit corporation laws have already
been enacted in twenty states so far, and have been introduced to another
sixteen state legislatures. n161 Benefit-corporation status could be an ideal
scenario for urban farm businesses.

   Benefit-corporation laws would formalize a new for-profit legal structure in
which directors would have to take social and environmental considerations into
account. n162 This is a deviation from the traditional for-profit model, which
requires directors to act in the best interests of the shareholders solely by
maximizing their investments. n163 With benefit corporations, "business leaders
would be less beholden to the pursuit of maximum returns, and can more easily
bolster sustainability without being accused of breaching their fiduciary duty
to shareholders." n164 Since many urban farmers may wish to make a living while
maintaining social and environmental benefits, they should be able to "receive
investments based on outcomes beyond pure finances." n165 For this reason, a
benefit corporation business structure for urban farms could foster better
relationships with investors. n166

   A. Benefit Corporation Legislation Introduced in Michigan

 In Michigan, House Bill 4615 and 4616 were proposed in 2011, both of which
would allow benefit corporation status for businesses in Michigan. n167 The main
features of these bills imposed fiduciary obligations on many of the corporate
officers and board members, requiring them to consider the social benefits of
their actions. n168 Businesses would also be  [*340]  protected from shareholder
lawsuits accusing business leaders of breaching their fiduciary duty if
businesses focus on social benefits rather than maximizing profits. n169
Furthermore, new businesses with benefit corporation status would be required to
file basic information with the state, as normal corporations do, while
reporting annually on their social and environmental progress and impact. n170

   Michigan's proposed benefit-corporation bill would be similar to the benefit
corporation law already enacted by Vermont in 2011. n171 Like most, Vermont's
benefit corporation law thoroughly addresses the issue of transparency in
companies claiming that they are "green." n172 This is done through an annual
report, as benefit corporations in Vermont are legally obligated to operate in
accordance with independent, third party standards, observed by a third party
entity known as B Corp. n173 These "Benefit Reports" describe the corporation's
"public benefit goals," what actions were "taken during the year to meet those
goals," and assessment of "social and environmental performance." n174 The
Benefit Report is prepared in accordance with the third party standards, which
gives shareholders the authority to approve or reject the report. n175

   B. Forming a Benefit Corporation in Vermont

 Forming a Vermont Benefit Corporation is similar to forming a traditional
for-profit corporation. First, Articles of Incorporation are drafted and filed
with the Secretary of State. n176 Then, just as traditional corporations are
required, incorporators of a benefit corporation "must decide whether the
business will be a closed or general corporation and further decide the
company's tax status." n177 These incorporators must also designate the fiscal
year, the number, and class of shares, and establish a Board of Directors. n178
Also, under the law, an existing business corporation may be changed to a
benefit corporation through amending its  [*341]  existing Articles of
Incorporation to add the statement: "this corporation is a benefit corporation."
n179 Furthermore, this law allows businesses to merge with an existing benefit
corporation. n180

   One of the most significant differences between a traditional for-profit
business and Vermont benefit corporations is their treatment of "corporate
purpose." n181 Under Vermont law, the purpose of a traditional corporation,
unless limited by its Articles of Incorporation, is to engage in any "lawful
business unless a more limited purpose is set forth in the articles of
incorporation." n182 In addition to these purposes, business corporations also
"have the purpose of creating general public benefit," which may also serve as a
limitation on other purposes of the corporation. n183 In Vermont, there are two
kinds of corporate purposes particular to business corporations: general public
benefit or specific public benefit. n184 Section 21.03(a)(4) defines a general
public benefit as "a material positive impact on society and the environment, as
measured by a third-party standard, through activities that promote some
combination of specific public benefits." n185 In other words, the purpose of a
benefit corporation is to engage in certain activities with the overall
objective of promoting greater social or environmental goals. n186 On the other
hand, § 21.03(a)(6) states that a specific public benefit includes:



   (A) providing low income or underserved individuals or communities with
beneficial products or services; (B) promoting individual or community economic
opportunities for individuals or communities beyond the creation of jobs in the
normal course of business; (C) preserving or improving the environment;
improving human health; (D) improving human health; (E) promoting the arts or
sciences or the advancement of knowledge; (F) increasing capital flow to other
public benefit entities with a public benefit purpose; and (G) the
accomplishment of any other identifiable benefit for society or the environment.
n187

 If an urban farm business could form under benefit-corporation status, its
goals would largely further specific public benefits. For instance, urban
[*342]  agriculture could improve human health by providing healthier foods,
improve the environment through the use of sustainable methods of farming, and
promote community economic opportunities through production of commodities. n188

   C. Concerns with Benefit Corporation Laws

 While benefit-corporation laws may be clever and innovative policy proposals
for a long-needed alternative legal status for businesses, there are still many
concerns with the idea. These concerns have caused benefit-corporation bills to
stall in many state legislatures, including Michigan. n189 For instance,
dissenters of the bill in Michigan fear that this new class of business status
may be used as a marketing tool to make other for-profit businesses look greedy.
n190 There are also concerns that other businesses will seek to model themselves
as a benefit corporation for reputational purposes when it may not be suited for
their type of business. n191

   Other concerns are founded on the third party certification organization
called "B Corp," whose purpose is to audit how socially or environmentally
beneficial a company's business practices are. n192 Some dissenters see this as
a conflict of interest. n193 The B Corp charges benefit corporations anywhere
from $ 500 to $ 25,000 for certification, depending on the business' annual
sales. n194 Such concerns have yet to appear in states with benefit corporation
laws, such as Vermont, however these laws are still new, and it is unclear
whether they could emerge in the future.

   V. Conclusion

 Prosperity is just around the corner for urban agriculture. While the idea of
self-sufficient "green cities" with plush gardens and sustainable farms filling
empty plots of land seem picturesque, it is also an ambitious endeavor. The
countless benefits of urban agriculture are well documented, from providing
healthier food choices to communities to supporting the local economies of
distressed cities. n195 However, as urban  [*343]  farmers work toward
environmental and social goals in addition to making a living, they must find a
way to fulfill these aspirations while maintaining stability in a market
economy. As John Green and other examples indicate, scarcity of capital has been
one of the most significant obstacles to financial feasibility. Urban farmers
are realizing that they can no longer rely on volunteer labor, grant funding,
and credit cards to sustain their businesses. Fortunately, Congress, state
legislatures, and many other food-related organizations are beginning to address
this concern. For this reason, urban farmers must take advantage of the many new
and innovative programs that provide access to new sources of capital, and
better education in agriculture and business practices.

   All signs are pointing towards a bright future for urban agriculture.
Congress is beginning to realize the importance of urban farming and sustainable
agriculture for our future, as demonstrated by their recent shifts in
agricultural policy. Also, more and more resources are made available for urban
farmers every day, whether they are from organizations like Fair Food Network,
or Greening Detroit. Valiant urban farm entrepreneurs are demonstrating that
with more focus on business structure and strategy, urban agriculture's vision
may not be so far off in the distance.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Banking LawDepository InstitutionsCommercial BanksReal Property
LawFinancingSecondary FinancingLien PrioritiesTax LawState & Local TaxesSales
TaxGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Urban Agriculture, Feasibility Study for Youngstown, OH, Opportunities for
Healthy Food Production, Local Jobs, and Ecological Restoration, Global Green 1
(June, 2012), available at
http://globalgreen.org/blogs/global/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/Youngstown-Urban-
Ag-Report-6.012- 4.pdf [hereinafter Youngstown].





n2.  See Tom Philpott, Urban Farms Don't Make Money - So What?, Grist (June 4,
2010), available at
http://grist.org/article/2010-06-03-on-the-promise-and-limits-of-urban-farms/.





n3.  Id.





n4.  Id.





n5.  Id. (quoting Sena Christian, A Growing Concern: Urban Farms Are Sprouting
up Across the United States. Can They Translate Popularity into Profitability?,
Earthisland.org (Summer 2010), available at
http://www.earthisland.org/journal/index.php/eij/article/a _growing_concern/.





n6.  Elise Hunter, Where is the Funding in Detroit's Farm-to-Fork Movement?,
Huffington Post (July, 23, 2013, 4:58 PM), available at
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/student-reporter/where-is-the-funding-in-
d_1_b_3639850.html.





n7.  See Melanie J. Duda, Growing in the D: Revising Current Laws to Promote a
Model of Sustainable City Agriculture, 89 U. Det. Mercy L. Rev. 181, 184 (2012)
(citing Kathryn A. Peters, Creating a Sustainable Urban Agriculture Revolution,
25 J. Envtl. & Litig. 203, 236 (2010); Olga Bonfiglio, Growing Green in Detroit,
Christian Sci. Monitor (Aug. 21, 2008), available at
http://www.csmonitor.com/The-Culture/Gardening/2008/0821/growing-green-in-
detroit).





n8.  Matthew V. Bradshaw, The Rise of Urban Agriculture: A Cautionary Tale - No
Rules, Big Problems, 4 Wm. & Mary Bus. L. Rev. 241, 254 (2013) (citing Katherine
Hessler & Tanith Balaban, Agriculture Animals and the Law, GPSolo, July/Aug.
2009, at 59).





n9.  Id. at 254 (citing USDA, Farmers Markets and Local Food Marketing,
Agricultural Marketing Service, http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/FARMERSMARKETS
(last updated Dec. 31, 2012)).





n10.  Jeffrey P. LeJava & Michael J. Goonan, Zoning and Land Use Planning, 41
Real Est. L.J. 216, 217 (2012) (citing USDA, Farms and Community,
http://www.afsic.nal.usda.gov/farms-and-community/urban-agriculture (last
updated Oct. 2, 2014)).





n11.  See U.S. Census Bureau, 2010 Census Urban and Rural Classification and
Urban Area Criteria, U.S. Dep't of Commerce,
http://www.census.gov/geo/reference/ua/urban-rural-2010.html (last visited Feb.
19, 2014) (follow "Urban, Urbanized Area, Urban Cluster, and Rural Population,
2010 and 2000: United States" hyperlink) (data from 2010 census).





n12.  See Cesar L. Escalante, Myra Clarisse R. Ferrer & Bingbing Wang, USDA
Microloans and Small Organic Farms: Filling a Lending Niche, 28 Choices no. 1,
2013, at 1, available at http://www.choicesmagazine.org/magazine/pdf/cmsarticle
_290.pdf.





n13.  See, e.g., How to Feed a City on Urban Organic Agriculture, Food Matters
(Nov. 23, 2010), available at
http://www.foodmatters.tv/articles-1/how-to-feed-a-city-on-urban-organic-agricul
ture (discussing how principles of organic farming play a pivotal role in
start-up and functioning of urban agriculture in Cuba).





n14.  Organic Trade Ass'n, U.S. Organic Industry Overview, OTA.com (2011),
available at www.ota.com/pics/documents/2011OrganicIndustrySurvey.pd f; Barbara
Haumann, Seventy-eight Percent of U.S. Families Say They Purchase Organic Foods,
Organic Newsroom (Nov. 2, 2011),
http://www.organicnewsroom.com/2011/11/seventyeight_p ercent_of_us_fam.html.





n15.  Escalante et al., supra 12, at 2.





n16.  Id. at 1.





n17.  Id. at 2.





n18.  Id. at 1-2.





n19.  Id. at 2.





n20.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n21.  See id; see also, Lisa Ganguzza, Can Urban Farmers Make a Living?, Edible
Manhattan (Nov. 25, 2013),
http://www.ediblemanhattan.com/foodshed-2/producers/farms-foodshed/can-urban-far
mers-make-living/.





n22.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n23.  See id.





n24.  Escalante et al., supra note 12, at 2-3.





n25.  Id. at 2 (referencing Susan Cocciarelli, Dorothy Suput, & Ray Boshara,
Financing Farming in the U.S.: Opportunities to Improve the Financial and
Business Environment for Small and Midsized Farms Through Strategic Financing,
The W.K. Kellogg Foundation Food and Community Program (Jul. 2010), available at
http://solari.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2010/08/final_july_2010_
220883625-1-1-3.pdf.





n26.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n27.  Id.





n28.  Id.





n29.  Id.





n30.  Id.





n31.  See generally USDA, Your Guide to FSA Farm Loans, Farm Service Agency
(June, 2012), available at http://www.fsa.usda.gov/Internet/FSA_File/fsa&us
core;br_01_web_booklet.pdf.





n32.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n33.  Id.





n34.  See generally USDA, Fact Sheet: Loans for Beginning Farmers and Ranchers,
Farm Service Agency (Oct. 2013) available at
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/Internet/FSA_File/beginn ingloansoct13.pdf [hereinafter
Loans for Beginning Farmers and Ranchers].





n35.  Id.





n36.  Id.





n37.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n38.  Id.





n39.  USDA, Fact Sheet: Microloans, Farm Service Agency (August, 2013),
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/newsReleases?area=newsroom&
subject=landing&topic=pfs&newstype=prfactsheet&type=
detail&item=pf_20130820_farln_en _microln.html [hereinafter Microloans].





n40.  See generally H.R. 6083, 112th Cong. (2d Sess. 2012).





n41.  Escalante et al., supra note 12, at 1.





n42.  Id. (citing James C. Brau & Gary M. Woller, Mircofinance: A Comprehensive
Review of the Existing Literature, 9 J. Entrepreneurial Fin. & Bus. Ventures 1,
2 (2004)).





n43.  See id.





n44.  Id. (citing Jonathan Murdoch, The Microfinance Schism, 28 World Dev., 617,
620 (2000)).





n45.  Id. (citing Barbara Kiviat, Can Microfinance Make it in America?, Time.com
(Jan. 11, 2010), available at
http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,91717,19509 49,00.html); see also
Microloans, supra note 39.





n46.  Microloans, supra note 39.





n47.  Loans for Beginning Farmers and Ranchers, supra note 34.





n48.  Microloans, supra note 39.





n49.  Microloans Now Available for Young and Beginning Farmers, National
Sustainable Agricultural Coalition (Jan. 17, 2013), available at
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/usda-microloan-program/.





n50.  Id.





n51.  Id.





n52.  Sophie Ackoff, NYFC Applauds Farm Service Agency's New Microloan Program,
National Young Farmers Coalition (Jan. 17, 2013), available at
http://www.youngfarmers.org/credit/farm-service-agency/.





n53.  Id.





n54.  Id.





n55.  Id.





n56.  Are USDA Microloans Reaching Farmers Across the Country?, National
Sustainable Agricultural Coalition (Nov. 25, 2013), available at
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/microloan-fy13-data-analysis/
[hereinafter Reaching Farmers].





n57.  Id.





n58.  Id.





n59.  Id.





n60.  Id.





n61.  See generally Agricultural Act of 2014, Pub. L. No. 113-79, 128 Stat. 649
(2014).





n62.  What is in the 2014 Farm Bill For Sustainable Farms and Food Systems?,
National Sustainable Agricultural Coalition (Jan. 31, 2014), available at
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/2014-farm-bill-outcomes/ [hereinafter
2014 Farm Bill For Sustainable].





n63.  2014 Farm Bill Drill Down: Beginning and Socially Disadvantaged Farmers,
National Sustainable Agricultural Coalition (Feb. 5, 2014),
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/2014-drilldown-bfr-sda/.





n64.  Id.





n65.  S. Rep. No. 110-220, at 12 (2007).





n66.  2014 Farm Bill Drill Down: Beginning and Socially Disadvantaged Farmers,
supra note 64 (This term limit exemption also applies when microloans are made
to veteran farmers.).





n67.  See id.





n68.  Id.





n69.  Id.





n70.  USDA, supra note 39.





n71.  See Hunter, supra note 6.





n72.  See id.





n73.  See Community Food Projects Competitive Grants Program, National
Sustainable Agricultural Coalition,
http://sustainableagriculture.net/publications/grassroot
sguide/local-food-systems-rural-development/community-food-project-grants/ (last
visited Feb. 5, 2014).





n74.  Philpott, supra note 2 (citing Christian, supra note 5).





n75.  See Guide to USDA Funding for Local and Regional Food Systems, National
Sustainable Agriculture Coalition 1, 6 (April 2010), available at
http://foodshedguide.org/uploads/NSAC_FoodSystem
sFundingGuide_FirstEdition_4_2010.pdf.





n76.  See Hunter, supra note 6.





n77.  See Community Food Projects Competitive Grants Program, supra note 74.





n78.  See id.





n79.  Id.





n80.  Id.





n81.  Id.





n82.  Id.





n83.  See id.





n84.  Id.





n85.  Id.





n86.  See Hunter, supra note 6.





n87.  Community Food Projects Grant Program Funding Available for FY 2014,
National Sustainable Agricultural Coalition (March 3, 2014), available at
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/cfp-2014-funding-available/.





n88.  An Overview of Urban Farming, Green For All 1, 4 (2009), available at
http://greenforall.org/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/Urban-Farming-Overvi
ew-For- Web.pdf.





n89.  Id.





n90.  Id.





n91.  Id.





n92.  Id.





n93.  See supra note 125.





n94.  Duda, supra note 7, at 184 (citing Bonfiglio, supra note 7).





n95.  Nina Ignaczak, No Stranger to Urban Agriculture, Detroit Makes it Official
with New Zoning Ordinance, Seedstock (April 9, 2013), available at
http://seedstock.com/2013/04/09/no-stranger-to-urban-agriculture-detroit-makes-i
t-official-with-new-zoning- ordinance/.





n96.  Id.





n97.  See Jane C. Timm, Urban Farming Takes hold in Blighted Motor City,
MSNBC.com (Sept. 10, 2013, 12:01 AM), available at
http://www.msnbc.com/morning-joe/urban-farming-takes-hold-blighted-motor.





n98.  See John E. Mogk et al., Promoting Urban Agriculture As an Alternative
Land Use for Vacant Properties in the City of Detroit: Benefits, Problems and
Proposals for a Regulatory Framework for Successful Land Use Integration, 56
Wayne L. Rev. 1521, 1523 (2010) (citing John Gallagher, Detroit's fight against
vacant land gets tougher, Detroit Free Press, Sept. 29, 2009 at A1); see also
Suzette Hackney, State of the City to highlight demolition plans, Detroit Free
Press, Mar. 21, 2010 at A7.





n99.  Id. at 1529.





n100.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n101.  What is in the 2014 Farm Bill for Sustainable Farms and Food Systems?,
supra note 63.





n102.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n103.  Are USDA Microloans Reaching Farmers Across the Country?, supra note 57.





n104.  Id.





n105.  Id.





n106.  Id.





n107.  Id.





n108.  See, e.g., Mindy Goldstein et al., Urban Agriculture: A Sixteen City
Survey of Urban Agriculture Practices Across the Country, Georgia Organics
(2011), available at
http://georgiaorganics.org/wp-content/themes/GeorgiaOrganics/Downloads/SiteMoveO
ver/urbana greport.pdf (This survey provides a detailed report on the zoning
ordinances of 16 major U.S. cities with significant urban agriculture practices
and how they have incorporated urban agriculture into their land use plans. The
cities included in the survey are Atlanta, Baltimore, Boston, Chicago,
Cleveland, Denver, Detroit, Milwaukee, Minneapolis, Nashville, New York,
Philadelphia, Portland, San Francisco, Seattle, and Washington D.C.);
Youngstown, supra note 1.





n109.  Compare Are USDA Microloans Reaching Farmers Across the Country?, supra
note 57, with Goldstein, supra note 110, at 34-36.





n110.  See generally Microloans, supra note 39.





n111.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n112.  Id.





n113.  Interview with Michael Jordan, Loan Agent, Farm Service Agency (Feb. 19,
2014) (discussing the issues with urban farm entrepreneurs applying FSA
microloans in Detroit).





n114.  Id.





n115.  Id.





n116.  Id.





n117.  Id.





n118.  Id.





n119.  Id.





n120.  Id.





n121.  See David F. Ashton, Urban farmer rides bike, not tractor, East PDX News,
http://eastpdxnews.com/general-news-features/urban-farmer-rides-bike-not-tractor
/ (last visited March 4, 2014).





n122.  Interview with Michael Jordan, supra note 115 (This was one of the
examples used by the Michigan loan agent to explain why few microloans have been
made to urban farmers in Detroit. The loan agent pointed out that a majority of
urban farmers in Detroit inquiring about microloans believed they required
machinery for crops that could be produced by traditional farming techniques for
the price of a shovel, seed, fertilizer, and able bodies.).





n123.  See id.; Microloans, supra note 39.





n124.  See supra text accompanying notes 90-95.





n125.  Interview with Michael Jordan, supra note 115.





n126.  Greg Seaman, Top 6 Most Cost-effective Vegetables to Grow, eartheasy
(Jan. 19, 2011), available at
http://eartheasy.com/blog/2011/01/top-6-most-cost-effective-vegetables-to-grow/.





n127.  An Overview of Urban Farming, supra note 90, at 4.





n128.  See Jeff Caldwell, Amendment Targets Loans for Young Farmers,
Agriculture.com (May 31, 2013, 11:46 AM), available at
http://www.agriculture.com/news/policy/amendment-targets-los-f-young-farmers_4-a
r31798; Agriculture Reform, Food, and Jobs Act of 2013, Microloan Authorization
Senate Amendment 986, 113th Congress.





n129.  Ganguzza, supra note 21.





n130.  Eli Zigas, Making a Living as an Urban Farmer, Spur (Feb. 22, 2012),
available at http://www.spur.org/blog/2012-02-22/making-living-urban-farmer.





n131.  Id.





n132.  Id.





n133.  Id.





n134.  2014 Farm Bill Drill Down: Beginning and Socially Disadvantaged Farmers,
supra note 64.





n135.  See Hunter, supra note 6.





n136.  Are USDA Microloans Reaching Farmers Across the Country?, supra note 57.





n137.  Id.





n138.  Id.





n139.  2014 Farm Bill Drill Down: Beginning and Socially Disadvantaged Farmers,
supra note 64.





n140.  Id.





n141.  Id.





n142.  Id.





n143.  Id.





n144.  See, e.g., What We Do, Fair Food Network,
http://www.fairfoodnetwork.org/what-we-do (last visited Jan. 2, 2015); Who We
Are, Greening of Detroit, http://greeningofdetroit.com/who-we-are/ (last visited
Jan. 2, 2015).





n145.  See, e.g., Financing + Business Assistance, Fair Food Network,
http://www.fairfoodnetwork.org/fairfoodfund/financing-business-assistance (last
visited Oct. 10, 2014) (offering "boot camps" and business consulting to food
entrepreneurs); Urban Agriculture, Greening of Detroit,
http://greeningofdetroit.com/what-we-do/urban-agriculture/ (last visited Oct.
10, 2014) (offering technical assistance and an adult apprenticeship education
program in farming and agriculture).





n146.  See What We Do, supra note 146; Urban Agriculture, supra note 146.





n147.  What We Do, supra note 146.





n148.  Id.





n149.  See Hunter, supra note 6.





n150.  Id.; What We Do, supra note 146.





n151.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n152.  See, e.g., Community Food Leaders Convening, Building Capacity for Future
Leadership, Greening of Detroit,
http://www.fairfoodnetwork.org/what-we-do/projects/community-food-leaders-conven
ing (last visited Jan. 1, 2015).





n153.  Who We Are, supra note 146.





n154.  Id.





n155.  Id.





n156.  Urban Agriculture, supra note 146.





n157.  Ganguzza, supra note 21.





n158.  See id. (citing Carolyn Dimitri, Assoc. Professor of Food Studies, New
York Univ., New York Univ. Library Salon on Urban Agriculture: Sowing Seeds,
Sowing Money (November 21, 2013)).





n159.  See William H. Clark Jr. et al., The Need and Rationale for the Benefit
Corporation: Why it is the Legal Form that Best Addresses the Needs of Social
Entrepreneurs, Investors, and Ultimately, the Public, Benefitcorp.net (Nov. 16,
2011), available at http://benefitcorp.net/storage/Benefit_Corp_
vs_Traditional_Corporations.pdf.





n160.  See B Lab, Maryland First State in Union to Pass Benefit Corporation
Legislation, Press Release, CRSwire (Apr. 14, 2010, 10:57 AM), available at
http://www.csrwire.com/press_releases/29332-Maryland-First-State-in-Union-to-Pas
s-Benefit-Corporation- Legislation (describing that in 2010, "Maryland Governor
Martin O'Malley signed into law the nation's first legislation creating Benefit
Corporations, a new class of corporations required to create benefit for society
as well as shareholders."); see also Hunter, supra note 6 (discussing some of
the "for-profit" and "non-profit" aspects of a proposed Michigan benefit
corporation law).





n161.  See State by State Legislative Status, Benefit Corporation,
http://benefitcorp.net/state-by-state-legislative-status (last visited Oct. 15,
2014) (providing that the current status of benefit corporation legislation in
every state).





n162.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n163.  See, e.g., Dodge v. Ford Motor Co., 170 N.W. 668, 684 (Mich. 1919)
(articulating notion that the purpose of a business corporation is creating
financial gain for its shareholders); Clark Jr. et al., supra note 160.





n164.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n165.  Id.





n166.  See id.





n167.  H.R. 4615, 96th Leg., Reg. Sess. (Mich. 2011); H.R. 4616, 96th Leg., Reg.
Sess. (Mich. 2011).





n168.  H.R. 4616 (Mich. 2011).





n169.  Id.





n170.  Id.





n171.  Vt. Stat. Ann. tit. 11A,§§21.01-14 (West 2012).





n172.  Robert Brazil, Vermont's Newest Business Entity: The "B Corporation,"
Vtlegalhelp.com (August 19, 2011), available at
http://vtlegalhelp.com/vermont%E2%80%99s-newest-business-entity-the-%E2%80%9Cb-
corporation%E2%80%9D/.





n173.  See id.





n174.  Id.





n175.  Id.





n176.  Vermont Benefit Corporation How-To-Guide: Incorporating as a Benefit
Corporation Step-by-Step, B-Lab (Oct. 2013), available at
http://benefitcorp.net/storage/documents/Vermont_Benefit_Corp_
How-To_Guide_.pdf.





n177.  Brazil, supra note 173.





n178.  Id.





n179.  Id.; Vt. Stat. Ann. tit. 11A, § 21.03(a)(1) (West 2012) (defining
"benefit corporation" as "a corporation ... whose articles of incorporation
include the statement "This corporation is a benefit corporation'").





n180.  Vt. Stat. Ann. tit. 11A, at § 21.06.





n181.  Brazil, supra, note 173.





n182.  Id.; Vt. Stat. Ann. tit. 11A, § 3.01(a).





n183.  Vt. Stat. Ann. tit. 11A, § 21.08.





n184.  See id.





n185.  Vt. Stat. Ann. tit. 11A, § 21.03(a)(4) (West 2012). <Comment Text>





n186.  1. Brazil, supra note 173.





n187.  Id. at § 21.03(a)(6).





n188.  Ganguzza, supra note 21.





n189.  Melissa Ip, Why the Benefit Corporation Bill is Being Held Back, Social
Enterprise Buzz (June 6, 2012), available at
http://www.socialenterprisebuzz.com/2012/06/06/why-the-benefit-corporation-bill-
is-being-held-back/.





n190.  Id.





n191.  Id.





n192.  Id.





n193.  Id.





n194.  Id.





n195.  See, e.g., Sheila Golden, Urban Agriculture Impacts Literature Review,
Agricultural Sustainability Institute at UC Davis (November 13, 2013), available
at http://asi.ucdavis.edu/resources/publications/UA%20Lit%
20Review%20Golden%20Reduced%2011-15.pdf (compiling sources, author states that
"urban agriculture has been a successful strategy for improving food access in
secure areas"); Youngstown, supra note 1, at 14 (explaining the economic
benefits of the Growing Home Urban Farm in Chicago, Illinois. The farm sells
crops at local farmers' markets and restaurants, employs 48 people, and has a
budget of over $ 1.1 million).


                              115 of 119 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright (c) 2002 Yale Human Rights & Development Law
                                    Journal
                  Yale Human Rights & Development Law Journal

                                      2002

                           5 Yale H.R. & Dev. L.J. 85

LENGTH: 17726 words

ARTICLE: Microcredit: Fulfilling or Belying the Universalist Morality of
Globalizing Markets? n1

NAME: Kenneth Anderson+

BIO:  + Professor of Law and Director, J.D.-M.B.A. Program, Washington College
of Law, American Univ.; Visiting Associate Professor of Law, Harvard Law School
(2000); Board Chair and General Counsel, Media Development Loan Fund, Inc., a
nonprofit venture fund promoting independent media worldwide through microcredit
techniques; Special Counsel, Open Society Institute, New York; formerly General
Counsel, Open Society Institute; former Director, Human Rights Watch Arms
Division. All views expressed are strictly my own. Thanks to Lolita Lukose and
Andrea Musalem for research assistance, and thanks to Jack Simon for handling
child care duties for his grand-niece, Renee, while her father was researching
and writing this Article. Email: kanders@wcl.american.edu.

HIGHLIGHT: This Article gives an account of the practice of microcredit that
reveals its ambivalent relationship to global markets. Microcredit consists in
non-profit lending to poor communities, often at subsidized interest rates, to
encourage small-scale entrepreneurial activity. Microcredit organizations view
themselves, alternatively, as an extension of global markets into poor
communities, designed to draw them permanently into the global economy, or as an
efficient mechanism for providing aid to compensate the poor for their exclusion
from the market. The Article argues that organizations would do well to clarify
their relationship to the global market because that relationship has
implications for how they should structure their lending program, whether they
can become self-sustainable, and how they should measure their success. It
further argues that, at a more general level, some residual ambivalence is
unavoidable because the limits of globalization are unclear and microcredit
necessarily is both an extension of, and a remedy for, the logic of the global
market.

 TEXT:
  [*86]

   I. Introduction: Microcredit and Globalizing Markets

 This is an article about microcredit. n2 Microcredit is a widespread, indeed
celebrated, tool of contemporary international economic development work.
Microcredit programs provide the poor with credit, capital, and training with
which to establish their own small businesses, to become, in other words,
small-scale capitalists - on the condition, however, of repaying the initial
investment in their enterprises so that those funds can be recycled in new
investments to poor people. Run by non-governmental organizations (NGOs) or, in
some cases, governmental aid agencies, in many places throughout the world,
microcredit programs have emerged as an important mechanism on which the
international development community has pinned its hopes for assisting millions
of people out of poverty.

   This is also, indirectly, an article about globalization and specifically
about globalizing markets. Globalization is the process, we are told, that is
remaking the world in our time, planet-wide in scope and aspiration,
unstoppable, all-encompassing and yet diffuse in its effects, maddeningly
difficult to conceptualize and yet omnipresent in the details of our daily
consumption, production, travel, leisure, entertainment, education, and
communication, and so impossible to ignore. It is a process about which many of
the world's educated, broadly comfortable bourgeoisie, no matter where we live
or work, n3 feel profoundly ambivalent. This ambivalence today fills the pages
of newspapers in their coverage of globalization, fills reporting on
globalization by television and radio, fills intellectual and learned journals
debating globalization's impact, fills the shelves of books published each year
on the global markets. It is a constant source of debate and unease.

   Microcredit, this Article suggests, is a global economic practice that seeks,
on the one hand, to overcome this fundamental ambivalence about globalizing
markets by making them available globally, universally, across the income
ladder. On the other hand, according to this Article, the practice of
microcredit reproduces an analogue of this ambivalence toward globalizing
markets, particularly visible in microcredit's own highly ambivalent application
of markets and market principles in international  [*87]  development work with
the world's poor.

   The fundamental ambivalence toward globalizing markets is stated easily
enough in the abstract. On the one hand, we recognize and are attracted by the
efficiencies of global markets. On the other hand, we fear the insecurity that
we suspect genuinely global markets might produce - markets in which goods and
capital flow globally but in which labor is relatively immobile and in which we
desire labor to be relatively immobile in order to maintain social and cultural
stability at home. And we fear also for others, the poor of the world. We fear
for them that global markets might not prove a net benefit and, indeed, in the
case of the world's very poorest, might simply leave them out altogether. While
recognizing the benefits of globalizing markets, we also recognize, in one
matter or another, one sector or another, with respect to one population or
another, the possibility of market failure. Yes, of course, we have heard the
panglossian arguments that all of us cannot help but benefit from global markets
in the long term, but those arguments appear to us, frankly, a little too
grounded in waiting for a long term that appears to be ever receding from the
present, rather than in concrete experience, to be entirely reassuring. The
possibility of market failure, in some matters or for some people, seems to us a
distinctly live possibility. Hence we both want economic globalization and fear
it.

   What has microcredit to do with this? In the first place, microcredit works
with the world's poor. If it also exhibits, as this Article suggests it does, a
profound ambivalence about globalization - its mechanisms, processes, and
outcomes - it does so in the context of the poor and not merely in the context
of us, the world's bourgeoisie. More precisely, microcredit, because it is a
development activity seeking to bring assistance from the haves to the
have-nots, constitutes a point of intersection between the world's bourgeoisie
and the world's poor. Microcredit therefore allows us to better understand the
tensions generated by economic globalization, by providing a social space that
is not limited by the experiences of the rich or of the poor but is instead
shared between them.

   Moreover, microcredit utilizes market mechanisms to achieve its development
aims. As we shall explore in some detail, the distinguishing feature and
fundamental appeal of microcredit is that it explicitly uses market incentives
to create a credit market for the poor, a market characterized by two features:
readily available funds and repayment requirements. We shall also have to
consider in what ways and to what extent microcredit, through the extension of
credit and the creation of enforcement disciplines for its repayment, has in
fact embraced market mechanisms or has in fact elaborated other disciplinary
mechanisms. At the outset, however, it can be said that microcredit's embrace of
market mechanisms appears sufficient to show that microcredit shares with
economic globalization a broad commitment to the principles of markets. This
would suffice to make microcredit an important activity by which to understand
the claims advanced on behalf of economic globalization, especially the claims
made by many that markets advance the interests of  [*88]  everyone, including
those of the world's poor. Yet that fact would not be enough to show that
understanding microcredit contributes to an understanding of the ambivalence
felt about the global market; if the intellectual framework of microcredit were
nothing more than an endorsement of markets, no ambivalence would arise. An
intellectual paradigm that simply endorses market logic generates no tension
over global markets.

   Microcredit is, however, more complicated than that. As an intellectual
framework for international development, microcredit is deeply ambivalent as to
whether microcredit represents the extension of markets, including global
markets, to the world's very poor or rather an attempt to create faux markets
for the poor, markets artificially created and maintained through subsidies, to
remedy the global market's failure with respect to the poor and their needs.
Both as an intellectual framework and as a concrete practice, through the many
thousands of organizations and agencies worldwide that utilize its
methodologies, microcredit exhibits deep ambivalence as to which of these
possibilities most accurately depicts the relationship of economic globalization
to the world's poor. It is an ambivalence, moreover, that is not merely
conceptual but is also reflected in the culture of the international microcredit
community - the loose groupings of nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) and
governmental and international agencies that support microcredit. Parts of that
community tend toward the view that microcredit is an extension of real markets
downwards into the ranks of the poor; other parts tend toward the view that
microcredit is the creation of alternative markets for those left out by the
real markets; and still other parts move back and forth between these views
according to case and circumstance. This ambivalence within the microcredit
community and its practitioners has cognates in the ambivalence felt among the
world's bourgeoisie toward the spread of the global market, and in particular
toward the question of whether economic globalization in fact benefits and
includes everyone.

   At issue, however - what this Article hopes to illuminate through the
examination of microcredit and its attitudes toward the market - is not economic
globalization as such, but rather the morality of economic globalization and the
morality of microcredit. That economic globalization has a morality, or at least
that it is understood by some proponents as having a morality, might seem like a
strange idea. After all, one of the constant themes of many of economic
globalization's proponents, as we shall see, is that globalization is inevitable
and that, therefore, the only relevant task is to accommodate ourselves to that
fact. If that is the case, then discussion of the morality (whether a good
morality or bad, defensible or indefensible) of economic globalization would
seem rather beside the point. Yet the discussion surrounding globalization has
been, on the contrary, filled with moralizing, and a large amount of it by
proponents of economic globalization. It is not the case, as we shall see, that
the debate over economic globalization is between proponents who shrug and say,
"It is here, get used to it," and opponents arguing from moral grounds. On
[*89]  the contrary, to judge by the literature on economic globalization, it is
a matter of intense importance to many proponents of the global market that it
be seen not merely to be the inevitable, unstoppable, coming train of the
planet's economic future, but to be the world's economic system as a matter of
the right and the good.

   The needs of the world's poorest people have a particular place within the
morality proclaimed with some frequency on behalf of economic globalization. It
might have been the case that the needs of the world's poor would not be
considered decisive in judging the moral worthiness of a global economic system.
After all, the versions of utilitarianism that lend themselves most readily to
the usual economic models of maximal satisfaction of wants do not necessarily
contain special criteria addressing the needs of the worst off. Nor would it be
obviously iniquitous to suggest that a planetary economic system, whether global
capitalism or anything else, ought to be considered a success if it maximizes
the satisfaction of wants among most people, even if it does not address the
needs of the poor. Within national economies, for example, many major economic
programs are undertaken that frankly have little if anything to do directly with
the poor - changes in structures dealing with investments and financial markets,
for example - and are considered great successes if they benefit the broad
middle classes without having much to do with the poor except on some trickle
down theory. We measure the merit of those and many other programs on the basis
of what is good for most and not for the worst off. There is no obvious reason
why the benefits of international trade and flows of capital ought not to be
measured in the same way, by reference to most people rather than to the worst
off.

   That said, this is generally not how proponents of global capitalism, the
global market, and economic globalization tend to make their case. On the
contrary, as we shall see, many proponents of economic globalization tend to put
the needs of the poor squarely at the center of their justifications. These
proponents accept that it is an important test of the moral merit; they may see
that test as being fulfilled in different ways, such as the view that growth in
the world's economy as a whole will tend to help the poor by creating more
opportunities for them, on a rising-tide-lifts-all-boats claim. There are many
factual mechanisms claimed for how economic globalization will help the poor,
but their striking feature is less that they are correct or incorrect in any
particular case than that such claims are regarded as central to the case for
economic globalization in the first place. It is particularly striking in the
case of political conservatives arguing for the global market, because in
adopting such criteria, they begin at least to approach something of the liberal
egalitarianism of John Rawls' famous difference principle, under which (very
roughly) the sole moral test of an economic policy is whether it improves the
situation of the worst off. n4 In at least some cases, they would appear to
accept with respect to the global economy a criterion of morality that they
might well reject as excessively  [*90]  egalitarian if applied, for example, to
the national economy of the United States. I will say for myself, at the outset,
that this more stringently egalitarian test seems to me morally the right one.
n5 More relevant, however, to the purposes of this Article, the fate of the poor
is a moral criterion that has been widely accepted by those seeking to proclaim
global capitalism as not merely the fate of our world but a just result as well.
n6

   The hope for this Article, therefore, is that it will illuminate aspects of
the morality of microcredit as well as of globalizing markets generally. The
focus is on microcredit, its structures, practices, economic logic, and moral
sensibility, but it is my hope that at least some of these features will be felt
to resonate with features of economic globalization. The Article proceeds by
discussing microcredit and its practices, and in particular the way in which
microcredit draws upon market principles as its organizing logic. The Article
then turns to consider the relationship of the world's poor and very poor with
the emerging global market system and the morality that underlies the advocacy
of global markets, for whom real gains for the poor is an important test of the
global system's legitimacy. Microcredit is then reconsidered as a practice which
might be regarded, on the one hand, as an exemplary tool of mediating the
relationship between the poor and global markets or, on other hand, as a tool
for relieving the impact of global markets on the poor and relieving market
failure with respect to the poor - or both simultaneously. The Article concludes
deliberately on its own note of ambivalence, because my view is finally that
both microcredit and globalizing markets carry these benefits and burdens
together - irremediably together.

   II. Microcredit and Markets

   A. What is Microcredit?

 The core activity of microcredit is not difficult to explain. Microcredit
[*91]  consists in lending funds to the poor in order that they use them to
start small businesses. The loans are then collected, typically with some rate
of interest, so that they can be relent to other borrowers (or else turned over
to the original borrower for purchase of more supplies, gradually expanding the
business). n7 The poor typically might use the funds to purchase supplies or
equipment. These supplies may be food staples for making tortillas or other food
for sale on the street, while equipment may be a sewing machine to be used in
textile manufacture. n8 Some of the more unusual microcredit businesses include
the village cell phone business pioneered by the famous microcredit bank in
Bangladesh, the Grameen Bank; in villages without telephone landlines, cell
phones have the potential to be a convenient and profitable village business. n9
In rural areas, businesses will often be in agriculture, such as purchasing new
breeding animals, and in urban areas, the business may be street food sales,
house painting, bicycle repair, or many other things. n10 With thousands of
microcredit organizations operating worldwide, in activities that encompass
these ordinary lending operations and, increasingly, more sophisticated lending
activities to larger businesses, and which must accommodate diverse cultural and
social customs of local societies, the rule is heterogeneity. n11

   That same heterogeneity applies as well to the reasons why microcredit is
used by the development and aid community, as journalist Peter  [*92]  Montagnon
has put it, "missionary zeal." n12 One fundamental reason, however, harking back
to the origins of microcredit programs in the 1970s, is the widespread
perception that traditional development programs, funded by international
agencies such as the World Bank but run through developing country governments
and consisting frequently of large-scale, capital-intensive infrastructure
projects such as dams and power plants, have largely failed to reach the world's
poorest or to improve their life chances. n13 In some cases such large-scale
projects have helped poor societies, in some cases they have badly hurt or wiped
out poor communities, and in many cases they have left the lives of the very
poorest people untouched. n14 Microcredit, in other words, in part developed not
out of any great love for the ideology of the market, but instead out of a
desire to find an alternative mechanism for putting funds directly into the
hands of the poor in ways that would make an immediate difference to their
economic prospects. When Muhammad Yunus, for example, founder of the Grameen
Bank in Bangladesh, first decided to loan a village woman a few dollars to
purchase thread for textile work so that she would not have to go to the
moneylenders, his motivation was to allow her to avoid the existing credit
market, such as it was, rather than some doctrinal belief in the virtue of
markets. n15

   A second fundamental reason for microcredit gaining such extraordinary ground
lies in the growth in political power of international NGOs. n16 During the past
decade, international NGOs have occupied a certain moral high ground in
demanding accountability from public international agencies such as the World
Bank, claiming that NGOs are better positioned than international agencies both
to assess the impact of programs on the poor and, in many cases, to deliver aid
programs. At the same time, many international and prominent state aid agencies
have moved to see NGOs as their most important subcontractors in the delivery
[*93]  of aid to poor - bypassing governments that are seen as inefficient and
corrupt. The intertwining of NGOs and international aid agencies has gone a long
way; as the Economist has noted, for example, with respect to NGOs and the World
Bank:



   The NGOs are surprisingly quiet about the World Bank. The reason is that the
Bank has made a huge effort to co-opt them. James Wolfensohn, the Bank's boss,
has made "dialogue" with NGOs a central component of the institution's work ...
in the Bank's field offices. More than half of World Bank projects last year
involved NGOs. Mr. Wolfensohn has built alliances with everyone, from religious
groups to environmentalists... . From environmental policy to debt relief, NGOs
are at the centre of World Bank policy. Often they determine it. n17

 Following the 1999 Seattle protests that scuttled meetings of the World Trade
Organization, criticism has started to mount of the influence of the NGOs and,
indeed, of their own accountability (i.e., lack thereof), n18 but NGO
endorsement of microcredit - more precisely, NGO efforts first to undertake
microcredit and then to bring it to the attention to such agencies as the World
Bank - has been of immense importance in the rise of microcredit and its great
prestige. n19

   A third fundamental reason for the rise of microcredit - closely related to
the second - lies in the gradual gendering of international development theory
and practice. n20 It is now widely accepted that reaching the world's poorest
people means reaching women and, by extension, the families for which they so
often bear overwhelming burdens. n21 In some instances,  [*94]  microcredit
programs are aimed specifically at women as part of an effort to reach the
world's poorest (who are disproportionately women). n22 Shut out from
traditional sources of credit that might (or might not) be available to men,
microcredit aimed at women in particular is widely regarded as an important
instrument in the relief of poverty. n23 In other instances, microcredit
programs for women appear to be aimed at the empowerment of women and their
economic independence from male-dominated economies among the poor for their own
sake, as a tool for raising consciousness and not merely as a tool for relieving
poverty overall. n24 In either version, it is nearly impossible to overestimate
the importance of the international women's movement in setting agendas for
microcredit aimed at poor women worldwide and in giving the issue a front seat
in policy discussions of development issues. At the same time, it should be
noted that a feminist critique of microcredit is also gradually gaining ground,
among other reasons on the view that the mechanisms of microcredit that prompt
borrowers to repay are often highly coercive as well as on the view that
microcredit has sometimes been touted as a substitute for, rather than an
adjunct to, fundamental investments in women's education and health. n25

[*95]

   B. Why Microcredit? Does it Seek to Alter a Rational or Irrational Refusal of
Commercial Markets to Lend to the Poor?

 Despite the heterogeneity of microcredit activities as well as the
heterogeneity of reasons underlying the rise of microcredit as a development
strategy, the economics of lending imposes some common conditions upon
microcredit practice. n26 Thus one important question common to all microcredit
activities is why credit is needed from microcredit organizations at all. After
all, they are outsiders to the local communities of the poor - typically
government providers of credit to the poor, international agencies, or NGOs
operating either with donated funds or funds received from governments or
international agencies. n27 Are there no internal funds, is there no capital
market at the village level? n28 In many other development situations, after
all, the influx of outside funds can distort local markets in damaging and
sometimes dangerous ways. The influx of food aid in a famine situation, for
example, if not managed carefully, can result in a collapse of prices for
locally produced grain that puts local producers out of business and results in
permanent dependency on foreign charitable supplies or at least severe temporary
disruption of local agriculture. Does microcredit not run the risk of distorting
local capital and credit markets in similarly damaging, and often unanticipated,
ways? n29

   One typical answer is that such credit and capital as are available to the
very poor are available only from traditional moneylenders who lend at
loan-shark rates that make regular commercial dealings impossible. n30
Traditional moneylending is sometimes about investment and can play an important
role in informal finance, but often it is about distress; money is loaned for
medicine and for food in urgent situations where the choices are often death or
lasting injury. Interest rates can be fantastically high, of  [*96]  course,
where the opportunity cost, so to speak, is death. n31 But distress lending is
not commercial capital, and it is that gap that microcredit funds seek to
bridge. n32

   A second question common to all microcredit - and one which a microcredit
organization, like any banker, ignores at its peril - is how to balance risk and
return in microlending activities. How, that is, to ensure that risks are
properly priced across the microcredit organization's lending portfolio so that
the microcredit organization does not soon find itself out of business on
account of expenses and defaults exceeding repayments and interest received on
loans? n33 This seemingly mundane question of risk and return raises in its turn
profound questions about how the purpose and function of microcredit within a
poor community ought to be conceived. Ought the purpose of microcredit, offered
by an outside agency typically using subsidized capital, be to overcome a
rational refusal by commercial lenders to lend or an irrational refusal, or
both? The answer to this question in any particular circumstance will go a long
way in identifying the risks that the microcredit organization faces. The answer
also will go a long way in clarifying the relationship between microcredit as a
development strategy and markets, because it will explain the microcredit
organization's rationale for what it might regard as creating a credit market
where none existed but what might equally be seen as distorting the existing
local credit market.

   Credit from microcredit providers might be needed in poor communities because
commercial providers of credit rationally refuse to lend to the poor, because in
fact the poor present greater risks of default than wealthier and typically
bigger borrowers. n34 They often do not have  [*97]  collateral in the form of
real or other tangible property to pledge for the loan; effectively, they have
only their labor to offer as collateral. n35 If that is the case, then the
function of microcredit is to subsidize and jump-start local microenterprises to
get them going, whereupon, with a pump-priming infusion of credit, they will
become profitable businesses able to borrow and repay microcredit loans.

   Yet classic efficient market theory would warn us to ask what special facts
microcredit providers (themselves often foreign to the local culture) know about
microbusinesses of the poor that local commercial credit providers do not know,
such that there is reason to believe that with initially subsidized credit these
businesses will work out over the long term. If lending to microbusinesses could
have been developed as a profitable niche lending business, would it not have
developed already without the need of outside microcredit providers? And if the
answer is that the credit is needed because these microbusinesses need subsidy
over the long run, then that may be a welfare rationale for offering credit, but
it is a radically different one than offering it as pump-priming alone. The
rationale for microcredit would have to be that the welfare subsidy offered is
more efficiently used to subsidize the business rather than simply directly
granting the same aid purposes of direct consumption because, even if the
microbusiness cannot fully cover its costs, n36 it can generate profits that
create a net utility greater than a direct consumption subsidy alone would.
(These net utilities might, and typically do, include intangible utilities in
the form of greater training and expertise and ability to engage in other forms
of economic activity; they may include such things as learning how to manage
money or rudimentary bookkeeping or other skills.) n37

    [*98]  Alternatively, however, microcredit might be needed because local
commercial markets act irrationally insofar as they refuse to lend to the poor.
Local lenders might, for example, act irrationally insofar as they refuse to
accept anything as collateral for loans other than tangible assets. Microcredit
advocates often argue that lending to the poor is not as risky as traditional,
tangible collateral-based models might suggest, and they point to apparently
high rates of repayment as evidence that commercial markets irrationally deny
credit to the poor on a misguided view of collateral. More recent research has
called into question whether repayment rates are in fact as high as sometimes
claimed and, by implication, whether the refusal to lend without traditional
collateral is irrational. n38 Still the point is well taken that, as in the case
of the lending based around real property at various points in the financial
history of such diverse places as the United States, Japan, and the countries of
southeast Asia, real estate can turn out to be cold comfort in the event of
default. n39 However, in addition to repayment rates not being as uniformly high
as sometimes suggested, the riskiness of uncollateralized loans to the poor may
well express itself in the form of the high monitoring and transaction costs
that microcredit programs incur in order to achieve repayment. The cost of risk,
that is, is front-loaded in the form of monitoring costs.

   Another form of market irrationality on the part of local commercial lenders
is their refusal in many places to lend to women. In some cases, this might be
simply a custom. In other cases, it might be a response to an embedded legal
system that, for example, makes it difficult for women to sign for loans without
the co-signature of a male relative or other legal mechanisms that give women,
or in some case married women, less than full legal status in commercial
transactions. It might be the legal or customary ability of a male family member
to force money borrowed by a woman member of the household to be handed over to
him. In some cases one might describe the system as a whole as irrational, while
recognizing as rational the individual lender's conformity with that system. In
such  [*99]  situations, the purpose of microcredit would be to provide credit
that a rational credit market would provide but does not on account of
irrational prejudice. n40

   Yet in either case of assumed market irrationality - unwillingness to
consider nontraditional collateral or uncollateralized loans, on the one hand,
or discrimination, on the other - if one purpose of microcredit is to overcome
that irrationality, then presumably microcredit ought to be able to create a
profitable niche, one that covers its costs, if the opportunities for profitable
lending really exist and are simply being irrationally ignored by the existing
market. n41 Yet this has not typically been the experience of microcredit
programs; typically they have not found a profitable, self-sustaining
lending-to-the-poor niche that was irrationally ignored by commercial lenders.
Perhaps this is due not to the profitability per se of the lending niche, but
instead to the higher costs incurred by an outside microcredit lender, with
higher costs associated with such things as overseas operations, etc. n42 Still,
the sobering experience of the microcredit community has been that even when the
local operation is treated as a stand-alone, without imputing to it the higher
costs of the larger microcredit program of which it may be part (particularly
the costs involving foreign exchange), it is typically still not
self-sustaining. This reality at least challenges what the meaning of market
irrationality is; perhaps it does not describe irrational behavior by particular
lending actors, into whose shoes an outside microcredit provider can profitably
step, but rather a much more systemic, structural irrationality, such as a whole
embedded system of discrimination against women and their ability to be equal
economic actors. But that is not necessarily an irrationality on which a
microcredit institution can turn a profit. n43

   A final conception of the fundamental purpose of microcredit might be whether
the refusal of commercial lenders to lend to the poor might be largely a matter
of transaction costs and the economies of scale of lending. n44  [*100]  Typical
for-profit banking experience suggests that a lender's transaction costs in
making, for example, a thousand dollar loan are not so different from those of a
hundred thousand dollar loan - but the latter obviously generates much more
revenue. n45 Such being the case, the function of microcredit provided by
subsidized nonprofit lenders is to overcome the problem of economies of scale -
that is, the fact that it is inefficient for a commercial lender to deal in such
small amounts of money, even if the businesses undertaken by the poor are
profitable. The businesses may be profitable, and of immense importance in
raising family income of the poor, yet not be sufficiently profitable to
overcome the opportunity costs posed by economies of scale in reducing on a
relative basis the transaction costs of lending. Yet still, at some level, the
transaction costs of bank loans reflect assessments of risk. The paperwork and
other transaction costs would not be imposed by lenders if they did not think
that overall they thereby increased their credit protection. In that sense, the
transaction costs and economies of scale represent simply another way of saying
that microloans are, dollar for dollar, riskier than other loans with
traditional borrowers and collateral.

   C. Microcredit Interest Rates and NGO Self-Sustainability

 Each of these alternative ways of thinking about microcredit tends to be
regarded by microcredit organizations as the most important way of conceiving of
the purpose of offering microcredit in varying circumstances. In some places and
situations, the dominant issue may be, for example, embedded discrimination
against women, while in other situations the issue may be economies of scale, or
any combination of these or other factors. Microcredit as a development strategy
understands its role as having to address each of these three credit access
problems - rational risk avoidance by commercial providers, irrational
discrimination by commercial providers, and the negative effects of transaction
costs and economies of scale on the amount of funds available for the poor. n46
The  [*101]  emphasis varies from place to place according to circumstance, but
each of these can be taken as a reason why microcredit is needed within a poor
community.

   There can be no question, however, that a microcredit organization acts
imprudently if, within the market in which it operates, it does not have a plain
view as to why commercial credit is not available to its target population among
the poor - why the local market has decided not to lend to this population. n47
A microcredit organization ignores the judgment of the market at its peril, even
if its conclusion is either that the market is irrational and is therefore
missing a profitable opportunity, that there is a profitable niche that is
insufficiently profitable to attract commercial capital but that microcredit can
fill, or even that commercial capital rationally ignores the poor in this
circumstance but that the opportunities for income growth among the poor make
deliberately subsidized microcredit capital desirable nonetheless as a
development strategy.

   The peril that microcredit organizations face over the long term by not
having clear reasons for lending where commercial markets do not is that their
own uneconomic activity will cause capital to be depleted through expenses
(including loan losses) in excess of revenues, eventually eating away at capital
reserves and outstripping the usual sources of nonprofit capital such as
philanthropic donations. In other words, the organization will simply find
itself out of money and out of business. It has happened repeatedly in the
history of microcredit providers; the history of microcredit is littered with
the wreckage of programs that put themselves out business. n48 This fundamental
concern can be expressed as two interlinked economic questions which are more or
less flip sides of the same coin, each of them at once intensely practical and
yet indicative of the deepest conception that the microcredit organization has
of its own activity and its relationship to the poor and to the market. On the
one hand, what interest rate should a non-commercial provider of credit charge
its clients among the poor? n49 And, on the other, is it possible for a
microcredit organization to be self-sustaining, in the sense of generating, as
with a  [*102]  commercial bank, sufficient income to cover its costs and grow
its portfolio - leaving aside the problem of paying back the initial investment
in the microcredit organization itself - given its target client base among the
poor? The link between the two questions is plain: self-sustainability is a
function of revenues exceeding expenses (including loan losses), and revenues
are a function of loan volume and interest rates charged on that volume. n50

   Obviously there is a rate of interest that, with sufficient lending volume,
will make self-sustainability possible - provided, just as obviously, that there
are enough entrepreneurs among the poor able to borrow and repay at such
interest rates. Strikingly, given the heterogeneity of microcredit activity
worldwide and the circumstances under which it takes place, the experience of
microcredit providers has overwhelmingly been that poor borrowers can afford to
pay interest rates at prevailing commercial rates. n51 True, the prevailing
local commercial interest rate is not necessarily the same thing as the rate
needed to cover a microcredit organization's costs and so make it
self-sustaining, partly for the reason that microcredit organizations come from
outside the local credit market, and so their costs (the same as their ability
to set interest rates at subsidy levels below local commercial rates) are
independent of local commercial rates which must be adequate to cover local
lender costs. But the local commercial rate is often taken as a benchmark
interest rate, i.e., an interest rate which if charged does not alter the local
credit market (which may be desirable or undesirable from the point of view of
the microcredit organization).

   Still, the best practices developed by leading microcredit organizations
consistently urge charging market rates of interest; the strongly predominant
view among microcredit experts is that the issue for the poor is not being able
to pay a commercial interest rate (or even greater), but is having access to
credit in the first place. n52 Of course, determining the prevailing commercial
rate for activities of the poor that have not been the subject of long-term
experience of default rates is not straightforward. It cannot be assumed, as
microcredit practitioners sometimes do, that the commercial rate is the
appropriate one, because the risks may not be the  [*103]  same. n53 Still,
given that the early practice of microcredit had assumed that interest burdens,
rather than access, would be a significant hurdle in making loans to the poor -
which led early lending programs to offer highly subsidized interest rates such
as 2% interest as compared to commercial rates of 20% - the discovery that
microcredit borrowers often can successfully borrow at commercial rates
(whatever the actual commercial rate that should be charged to microcredit
borrowers) is an important fact about the poor and their ability to create
profitable enterprises.

   Even when microcredit loans are made at approximately commercial rates,
however, microcredit organizations only very rarely succeed in covering their
costs; self-sustainability is much more the extraordinary exception than the
rule for microcredit organizations. n54 Sustainability, however, for a long time
has been the Holy Grail of the microcredit community. n55 Why? Because it
implies, first, at the level of strategic vision, being able to self-finance
growth out of poverty from revenues of the poor communities themselves, the poor
bootstrapping their own communities out of poverty, the grandest lessons on
capital accumulation applied to poor communities.

   Second, at a less grandiose level, sustainability means that a microcredit
organization succeeds in untying itself from the eternal round of fundraising
among governmental and philanthropic donors because its costs are covered by its
own lending activities. In today's world, philanthropic funds seem increasingly
to follow rapidly shifting winds of fashion (at least, from the standpoint of
fundee organizations seeking to  [*104]  raise money). n56 The cool cause of
today is forgotten tomorrow, leaving the wreckage of investment in
half-completed programs in the wake of funding that - something like the hot
money flows of the Asian currency crisis - shifts on a dime to some other cool
cause. n57 Since NGOs are typically built around a particular mission or kind of
activity, they have only limited abilities to credibly reinvent themselves as
the new thing in philanthropy when patterns of funding shift. Having independent
sources of funds is a precious gift that, at least in some measure, microcredit
might offer.

   In the actual experience of microcredit, of course, matters are not so grand
or extreme. Despite early claims in the history of microcredit in its triumph
list phase, so to speak - that credit was all the poor really needed to finance
themselves out of poverty - today there is practically universal agreement that
microcredit cannot replace direct public investment in education, health care,
and other basic social infrastructure for the poor. Microcredit is a complement,
not a substitute. Likewise, even microcredit organizations that seek
self-sustainability typically only measure it with respect to the local
organization or office, rather than counting the costs of the full organization,
with expensive staff and offices in foreign capitals. Moreover, when assessing
sustainability, they rarely if ever take into account initial contributions of
capital by donor agencies that, in theory, would have to be repaid at an
appropriate discount rate. Moreover, these organizations do not see
self-sustainability as a reason to cease fundraising and other attempts to draw
outside capital into themselves and the poor communities they serve. On the
contrary, they see the possibility of sustainability in some measure as a means
to draw further outside funds into these communities; successful microcredit
lending unsurprisingly tends to attract further funds from donors eager to fund
winners in the market, so to speak, of NGOs. n58

   "Credit," "repayment," "interest rates," "risk," "rates of return,"
"collateral": this, of course, is the terminology of banking. In many cases,
though, venture capital would be a more accurate term for microcredit
activities, which often involve close and active monitoring, indeed managing, of
what the client is doing with funds. In fact, the question of whether
microcredit should be modeled on banking, with its traditionally passive lending
and collection of fixed interest, or on venture capital, with its emphasis on
active management of the company portfolio and taking of returns commensurate
with risk through equity stakes, reveals another significant economic issue for
microcredit as it seeks commercial role  [*105]  models for itself. n59
Microcredit takes risks and often engages in monitoring and supervision of
investments that, if done in commerce, would tend to be associated with the
higher risks and costs of venture capital, while the payoff of microcredit - in
the form of fixed interest rather than a percentage of the profits - is limited
to that of traditional banking. n60 This may in the long run be a dubious
combination for many microcredit organizations, or it may at least turn out to
be a combination which requires greater subsidy than otherwise would be required
if microcredit organizations captured equity-type returns rather than merely
fixed-debt-type returns.

   But whether the model is really banking or venture capital, it is nonetheless
fundamentally that of the market, yet microcredit is an economic activity
undertaken where the commercial markets, for whatever reasons, do not operate.
Therein lies a tension and contradiction that has potent implications both for
the theory and practice of microcredit. While it might seem a merely theoretical
concern whether microcredit corrects market failure or simply subsidizes
commercially uneconomic but socially desirable activities, the answer governs in
practical fact how far microcredit organizations can extend their programs and
how many of the poor they can serve over the long run. n61 The question, in
other words, is vitally practical. Indeed, one of the most interesting
commentaries on microcredit is titled, "What microenterprise credit programs can
learn from the moneylenders." n62 It underscores the awareness of experienced
microcredit institutions of the risks of departure from commercial equilibrium
in the provision of credit, risks inherent in NGO-provided  [*106]  microcredit,
even when that commercial equilibrium declines to provide credit to the poor.

   D. Microcredit and Market Principles

 If microcredit is fundamentally credit deployed for social purposes but
subsidized by non-commercial sources, whether governmental or philanthropic, in
circumstances where commercial markets would not lend, it is therefore something
that is not precisely a market activity but one which nonetheless emulates the
market in key ways. What are some of those ways? We can identify five at least:

   First, microcredit uses market mechanisms in its provision of credit and
capital to the poor. After all, the intention of microcredit programs is to lend
money to the poor that (notwithstanding various subsidies built into microcredit
programs) is to be repaid with some amount of interest. The funds are not simply
given away in the form of grants. Microcredit programs have a variety of means
of enforcing repayment discipline; in some programs, such as the Grameen Bank's
famous lending circles, the borrowers, usually village women, form a group that
uses peer and social pressure to enforce payment; in some programs the group as
a whole is responsible for unpaid loans, while in others lending proceeds
serially, so that the next borrower can obtain funds only if the previous
borrower has repaid them. n63 In other situations, actual legal mechanisms are
brought to bear. n64 Repayment mechanisms among the poor are striking in three
respects from the standpoint of the business regulation. To start with, given
the inefficiency of using legal mechanisms to enforce collection of tiny amounts
of fifty or hundred dollars, repayment mechanisms rely instead on the threat of
not granting loans in the future. Microcredit programs very often rely on repeat
players for loans, rather than one-off loans, in part because growing
familiarity with a particular borrower's risks increases confidence in
collection and pricing of loans and thus lowers monitoring costs.

   In addition, given the inefficiency of legal mechanisms, microcredit programs
frequently rely on the pre-market culture of traditional society among the poor
for whom the repayment of a loan is seen as a paramount social obligation rather
than merely as a market decision based on rational considerations and
opportunity costs. n65 It is noteworthy how often repayment works best among
village settings in which repayment of obligations is a matter of social honor
and much less well, for example, in  [*107]  atomized urban communities, where
honor in fulfilling obligations is not publicly at stake within a community in
which one is known.

   There is a certain irony in the dependence of microcredit, at least in some
instances, on thoroughly non-market forms of obligation, rather than the classic
capitalist notion of legally enforceable contract, as the mechanism of
repayment. n66 Moreover, as several observers have noted, these mechanisms of
social obligation are often very coercive indeed, especially with respect to
women, in part because culturally they often take their own obligations more
seriously than men do and because they also take them more seriously vis-a-vis
other women in their borrowing circle. n67 One microcredit practitioner in Latin
America once remarked to me that his organization strove to maintain a steady
minimum of women in each borrower's group, because in its experience men took
the obligation to repay so much less seriously than women. n68

   Finally, the use of joint and several liability whether in a strictly legal
sense, under written contract, or in a practical sense, as in making a
borrower's circle jointly and severally liable for debts of the group as a
condition of new loans, runs in some sense exactly opposite the direction of
enterprise law in such places as the Unites States. Indeed, the trend in the
United States has been to allow a wider range of entities to operate with
limited liability of owners from demands of their creditors through such trends
as the development of limited liability companies. In effect, of course, the
promise of joint and several liability aims to overcome a chief difficulty of
the poor in obtaining credit - lack of collateral - by pooling together the
creditworthiness of a group of borrowers rather than relying on the
creditworthiness of a single borrower.

   Although this use of lending and repayment with interest has been described
as a market mechanism, it might in fact be queried in what sense it is a matter
of the market. The mechanism for extending credit seeks, in some sense, to
substitute for a (non-existent) commercial market, but is the provision of
microcredit a market mechanism in the sense of allocating scarce resources
through supply and demand and, ultimately, price? It seems evident that in this
sense, at least, microcredit programs are not typically market-driven since they
do not ration the credit they offer through raising or lowering interest rates
or other pricing mechanisms. Supply and demand of lending capital is not
typically a constraint on microcredit organizations; typically they have plenty
of money to lend (given the tiny size of the borrowing requirements of the very
poor) and are not themselves constrained in dealing with the very poor by limits
on capital for lending. Their constraints are fiscal and lie in the costs of
[*108]  administration in all its many guises, especially in an activity in
which it is not strange to have transaction and monitoring costs exceed the
principal, let alone the interest, on a microloan.

   These costs reflect in part the uneconomic nature of running what amounts to
an international venture capital fund (if one considers the full size of
microcredit organizations and their alliances and vertical business partnerships
with their donors). The fund operates in dollars or other hard currency but is
invested in tiny, local, micro-lending operations in which a hundred dollar loan
may be large and moreover earns such interest as there is in local currencies.
It is as though (exaggerating deliberately) the international resources of
Citibank private banking were put behind hundred dollar loans to rural farmers
in a village in Brazil. Indeed, perhaps surprisingly, adequacy of lending
capital is so little the issue that a frequent complaint of microcredit
organizations is the difficulty in finding enough borrowers willing to meet
lending criteria, and a frequent activity of microcredit organizations is to
seek out borrowers. n69 The difficulty lies in part in the obstacles and
transaction costs involved in forming borrowing circles and other mechanisms,
such as joint and several liability, that seek to create substitutes for
collateral. Nevertheless, the fact that microcredit organizations demand
repayment rather than simply offering grants of funds is some indication of
imposing on borrowers the fact of scarcity of resources, and in that sense at
least, microcredit adopts a market approach.

   Second, not only is the mechanism for providing the poor with capital at
least in some important respects a market one, the intention is that the poor
use the capital thereby obtained toward market ends. n70 The purpose  [*109]  of
microcredit is to enable the poor to engage in market activity themselves,
creating small or micro businesses of one kind or another. What the poor are to
do with their capital is buy, sell, and add value through their labor, so as to
profit and increase family income. The purpose, in other words, is that they use
their borrowed capital to enter into market transactions as producers and not
merely as customers. In this sense, microcredit is highly market-oriented.
Questions have been raised about the overall social efficiency of providing
capital for the very poor to create a plethora of microbusiness. It is not
always evident that the businesses serve any purpose other than to trade items
around the community of the poor without generating substantial new income. This
possibility of inefficient activity that would not take place but for the
subsidized funds provided by microcredit organizations themselves is one example
of the risks of microcredit distorting local markets. On the other hand, it has
been noted that many services of a relatively modest kind - bicycle repair or
shoe repair, for example - are often not provided within poor communities
themselves, even though there are strong grounds for thinking the activity to be
economically sustainable, since even poor people spend money on such services
but must go outside the local community to do so. Microcredit sometimes enables
individuals to start providing such services within the local community, at a
net welfare gain in part because income turns over within the local community
and in part because it is more efficient to offer and obtain such services close
to home.

   Third, the fact that a high percentage of capital deployed in microcredit
programs comes from the world's richest countries and goes to the world's
poorest means, in some sense, that microcredit is a global transfer of resources
from rich to poor. Microcredit seeks to foster principally local markets for
goods and services produced by the poor. (Sometimes microcredit seeks to create
genuinely transborder markets for those goods, such as the sale of artisanal,
indigenous, or folk art to the rich Western world, usually through
intermediaries but even sometimes directly over the internet, but this obviously
is much more the exception than the rule.) The provenance of its funds, however,
means that it is in some respects a form of foreign direct investment, insofar
as it represents foreign organizations using lending capital to act with local
poor people to create new enterprises. If one views much microcredit on a
venture capital model, microcredit organizations, because of their active role
in monitoring and management in many cases, look more like partners than passive
lenders, and so the model starts to resemble foreign direct investment. n71 And
foreign direct investment is, after all, a sine qua non of economic
globalization and the free flow of capital. n72 In this respect, microcredit is
[*110]  not merely committed to emulating the market in certain ways, but it is
committed to and part of a global market in its own capital flows, even though
microcredit's capital often flows through the mechanisms of philanthropic and
governmental funding (in other words, the nonprofit capital market).

   Fourth, as already noted, an explicit aim of microcredit has always been to
get development aid directly into the hands of those who need it most and to
avoid flowing it through the hands of corrupt and inefficient governments and
government officials who often siphon off large amounts of it. In this sense,
the culture of microcredit evinces a certain skepticism about government that is
also sometimes present in global market ideology. One does not, however, want to
overstate this point. Microcredit organizations and their staffs vary widely in
their attitudes toward government and governance, and my own experience suggests
that nearly all favor the creation of welfare state mechanisms for the very poor
alongside microcredit programs because their experiences have taught them that
markets and microcredit alone are not remotely enough to permanently affect the
life chances of the poor. n73

   Drawing on my own admittedly subjective experience, microcredit as an
activity sometimes has the support of politically conservative supporters of
market ideology who take microcredit to be, almost by definition, a kind of slap
in the face at government, a championing of market mechanisms over governmental
ones for relieving poverty. Microcredit practitioners (again in my experience)
rarely if ever hold the view that to embrace market mechanisms is to reject
governmental solutions to poverty; they reject corrupt and inefficient
government, not government itself. Indeed, since so much of the funding for
microcredit comes from the development agencies of rich countries, such as the
Nordic countries, Canada, the Netherlands, and Japan, it might be more accurate
to say that microcredit seeks to substitute not market mechanisms for
governmental ones, but instead the governmental agencies of certain rich
countries (because of their efficiency, incorruptibility and accountability) for
the governments of certain poor countries, and that microcredit organizations
act as an intermediary in this substitution of governance. Or in other words, a
certain form of globalization is at stake here but rather than the economic
globalization of the global market, it is one form of political globalization
and the substitution of one institution of governance of the poor for another,
through the transnational mediation of microcredit  [*111]  organizations. n74

   Fifth, and finally, during a certain early triumphalist phase of the
microcredit paradigm's growth, proponents proclaimed that if given a generous
investment of initial capital, microcredit could turn international development
work into a virtuous circle of investment in new enterprises by the poor,
followed by repayment of investment, and then reinvestment in additional new
enterprises. It is the dream, in other words, of solving the problem of poverty
through the mechanism of capital accumulation, bootstrapped by the poor
themselves from their own resources but kicked off with an infusion of outside
funds. Michael Chu, president of the leading microcredit organization, ACCION
International, stated at the Microcredit Summit that "the vanguard of
microcredit has proven that this activity of enormous social impact can be
managed to achieve economic viability." n75 Chu meant by this that microcredit
organizations would be self-sustainable and the poor would be bootstrapped out
of poverty through cycles of capital accumulation and reinvestment.

   The concrete expression of this aspiration, however, has sometimes come in
the form of a particularly seductive exchange between a microcredit organization
and its donors. A microcredit organization, feeling that the donor is losing
interest in microcredit for whatever reason, asks to the donor to make a large
single capital grant, which, through the mechanism of microcredit, will
theoretically turn over indefinitely if not grow into something larger. It is
not clear how often the donor actually believes this plea for funds, but if it
is seeking to leave the microcredit funding field, this is a convenient
rationale for doing so, because its grantee organization is in effect saying,
make us a single large grant and we will not come ask you for money anymore. n76

   The problem, as already noted, is that self-sustainability rarely if ever
occurs. Likewise, the promise of grand capital accumulation and reinvestment as
a way of relieving poverty, at least insofar as microcredit agencies are the
agents of accumulation and reinvestment, will never be fulfilled. The source of
poverty is not simply a lack of credit and capital among the poor; this has been
overwhelmingly recognized within the microcredit community as it has backed away
from grandiose claims of being poverty's silver bullet. On the contrary, the
consensus of the microcredit community today is that microcredit and market
mechanisms are merely one tool for ending poverty, to be used alongside
large-scale social investment in education, health, etc., and straight-out
income transfer from rich to poor. These investments and expenditures cannot be
financed out of the resources of the poor but instead only out of the gains of
global markets, rich and poor and in-between, taken as a whole.

    [*112]  Taken together, even with the reservations noted, microcredit indeed
seeks to emulate and operate according to market principles. In some respects it
can even be understood as participating in the global flow of capital, within
the restricted (but much larger than one might have thought) flows of the
transnational nonprofit capital market. True, it is still not evident whether
and to what extent microcredit is committed to global markets and economic
globalization. Being committed to market principles in local markets is one
thing, while being committed to the terms of global markets is perhaps another.
For now, however, it is enough to have shown a certain affinity for market
principles.

   III. Microcredit as Extension of or Substitute for Global Markets?

   A. The Universalist Moral Claims of Globalizing Markets

 Some might find it strange or hypocritical to speak of the moral claims of
global markets, let alone to think that they might have something to do with the
moral principles of international NGOs involved in microfinance, notwithstanding
that microfinance providers plainly take a good deal of their principles from
the practical morality of the market. Yet, as already noted, the arguments made
forcefully in favor of economic globalization are typically made not merely from
inevitability, nor even from simple utility for the greatest number, but from
the Rawlsian principle of benefiting the worst off. It is precisely because both
sides in the debate over economic globalization think that not merely efficiency
but justice and welfare are at stake that the debate is pursued so vigorously.
It is the claim of justice, and not merely inevitability, that fires Thomas
Friedman's The Lexus and the Olive Tree. Likewise, it is the claim of justice in
the face of seeming inevitability that fires Jeremy Brecher and Tim Costello's
Global Village or Global Pillage: Economic Reconstruction From the Bottom Up.
n77 A version of the moral claim that economic globalization can and must be
made to benefit the world's poor comes, strikingly, from U.N. Secretary General
Kofi Annan. Annan spoke a few months after the Seattle protests that scuttled
meetings of the World Trade Organization in 1999, before a group of NGO
activists who, while they might not have protested in Seattle, at least had
significant reservations about the direction and consequences of economic
globalization. To them Annan said:



   The overarching challenge of our times is to make globalization mean more
than bigger markets...while globalization has produced winners and losers, the
solution is not confrontation. It is not to make winners of the losers and loser
of the winners. It is  [*113]  to ensure that nobody sinks, but that we swim
together with the current of our times. n78

 Annan here accepts that economic globalization is, in the broadest sense,
inevitable. It is the current of our times. The problem of policy is not to try
and make economic globalization go away; it is to manage it in order to ensure
that everyone win from the reality of economic globalization. Annan does not
propose that this will happen automatically; it will require, in his view,
political management. But he goes much further and, in his speech, tells the
assembled activists that the world's poor are poor not because of too much
globalization, but because of too little - because they are not part of it,
because they are excluded. n79

   Economic growth is the only way out of poverty for the world's poor, and
global markets are an indispensable part of that solution. Moreover, economic
growth is, for Annan, the only way in which the poor have an opportunity to
participate in the growth and in the ownership of a stream of that growth, and
not merely to receive some bit of its redistribution as an afterthought by the
wealthy, the leftovers of the rich. In this sense, then, Annan endorses the view
that the global market is the answer to the moral problem of global poverty in
the midst of globalization. It is within our power, Annan declares, to extend
the new opportunities of globalization to all. Global capitalism, according to
Annan, is the spirit of the age and the only way to create the economic growth
without which the poorest in the future will be those left out of the grand
spiral of wealth creation and the accumulation of capital. n80 In this sense,
the current of our times, the global market, is more than something that simply
must be accommodated. It is a necessary part of the economic engine by which the
poverty of the world can be overcome.

   Properly deployed, therefore, economic globalization can serve as part of the
means by which to answer the just claim of the poor. And what is that claim,
according to Annan? Not merely a claim upon resources, a claim upon the wealthy
to transfer income, but instead a claim not to be left out of economic
globalization, not to be left out of the market itself, and above all not to be
left out of the cycle of wealth creation, ownership of wealth, and ownership of
the means of production.

   Another way of stating this claim is to say that the global market proposes
to be universal not merely in a descriptive sense of the economic system that
the planet uses, but in a normative sense of that system which ought to obtain.
Annan seems to accept the virtue of the global market because it appears to be
necessary to create the economic growth that can bring people out of poverty. In
that sense, it is universal because it ought to be the economic system toward
which we all aspire. To the extent this proposition is believed, as Annan seems
to believe it, it potentially operates  [*114]  as a powerful ideological force
in bringing forth the global market. Markets operate in an embedded social,
moral, and ideological system and so are combinations of both interests and
ideals. Ideals matter in the spread of global capitalism, and one powerful ideal
is that globalization serves everyone's interests, even if unequally.

   But part of Annan's point is that the moral weight attaching to this
normative universalism ought to attach only insofar as global markets really are
universal. This is the force behind his reply to the NGOs doubtful of economic
globalization: what the poor need is not less but more globalization, economic
globalization that draws them into the global market where they can benefit from
it. Annan's response to suspicious NGOs is in effect a challenge to the global
market to make good on its promise to be global. The universal economic system
has a moral obligation to be universal, to ensure that no one is left out,
because those who are left out are, in Annan's view, left behind. If, in other
words, global capitalism wants to benefit from the presumption that it does
serve everyone's interests around the world, rich and poor, in one locale or
another, then it must ensure that it is universal and that no one and no place
is left out.

   B. The Poor and the Very Poor

 This call for global capitalism to make good its promise of universalism and
include everyone within its jurisdiction raises an important question about the
nature of the global market and the poor and recalls us to microcredit as well.
It is the question of whether the global market really is universal in the sense
that, as the technological essentials of telecommunications and transportation
are brought within everyone's reach, and as local markets find an equilibrium
within larger global markets, efficient activity would cause everyone to be
deployed under its umbrella or, instead, whether some people would always be
left out of the market, because it simply is inefficient to utilize them and
their production.

   We might illustrate the point by drawing a distinction between the poor and
the very poor of the world. With respect to the poor, at the upper range of the
income ladder of the poor, they perhaps work in low wage work of one kind or
another, producing clothing or footwear or other commodities for the rich
countries. They are part of the global market but do not do very well within it.
One can debate whether international trade treaties should enforce minimum wages
(e.g., the much discussed living wage) and other conditions to improve their
terms within the global economy or whether such impositions will simply leave
more of them unemployed. n81 Their situation is important, but for the
discussion here, I  [*115]  will put their issues off to one side. n82

   With respect to the world's very poor, however, matters are quite different.
The chief characteristic of the very poor is that they have no place within the
world economy. Seen from the standpoint of Annan's call to extend globalization
to the poorest, their tragedy and disaster is that they are too poor to even be
part of globalization. Put baldly, the world's poorest are too poor, too
unskilled, too remotely situated, too difficult even to exploit within the world
economy. Even their exploitation would not be efficient; it is not worth the
trouble. Likewise, demands by protestors in rich countries for a living wage,
for example, will not help them, because these people (often taken as the
world's poorest 20% in income) are often not important participants in the wage
economy. The fact - it is an ugly one, and one that needs to be made in an ugly
way to make clear its moral tragedy - is that from the standpoint of the rich
countries, it would be a net gain if the bottom 20% of the world's population
could be sent off into outer space never to return and their now-empty lands
turned into something pleasing to the world's bourgeoisie. The disappearance of
the world's poorest would not have any impact on living standards of the rich.
It would not deprive them of necessary consumers. If done neatly, it might all
be rather a great relief to the rich. AIDS in Africa, of course, might yet do
it, but of course in an appallingly messy way.

   Hence the question is of what the moral universalism of global markets is
understood to consist. Is the universalist moral claim of global markets that
they will (eventually at least) draw in the very poorest to participate in them,
that this will simply happen over time? Or is it that universal really  [*116]
means most, and that the universal economic system will find it efficient to
leave twenty percent of the world's population out, neither rewarded nor
exploited, but largely untouched and in terrible poverty relieved only by the
charity of those who get richer in global markets? Or, finally, is it that
universal means that, efficient or not, global markets have a moral obligation
to do what is necessary to draw even these otherwise untouchables into the
system, as producers rather than merely as consumers of the charity of the rich?
It should be noted that the last possibility is not merely about income transfer
from rich to poor; it is about the transformation of the very poor into
producers within a global market sense. It may very well mean, for that matter,
their transformation into exploited poor workers within the global economy.

   C. Microcredit as Extension of or Substitute for Global Markets?

 One way, therefore, to understand microcredit is by how it regards the
relationship between the poor and global markets, by reference to the three
possibilities described above: efficient integration, efficient exclusion with
wealth transfer through charity, and inefficient but morally compelled
integration. It is not the only and certainly not the whole story of
microcredit, but it does have the virtue of situating microcredit in relation to
economic globalization, in relation to what Annan calls the current of our
times.

   If the first possibility were true, then microcredit might simply be thought
to be unnecessary within the gradual action of global capitalism. Even the very
poor would eventually be brought within the ambit of economic globalization, and
no one would be left outside the market. Let us assume that this is not in fact
likely to happen, or at least not fast enough to satisfy us. The market, working
through the invisible or visible hand, is not likely all by itself to bring the
very poor even up into the ranks of the merely poor. What then can be said of
microcredit and the other two possibilities?

   If the third possibility were true, then microcredit could perhaps be seen as
a mechanism for calling upon global capitalism to do its moral duty and draw the
very poor up into it. Microcredit could be seen, metaphorically, as a subsidized
means of extending the ladder of the global market downwards into the ranks of
the very poor, so as to pull them up into the social and economic life of the
market. Microcredit assistance, from this perspective, could be seen as a means
by which the very poor could achieve necessary capital, a toehold in the market
economy, and the skills necessary to become participants in the universal
economy. Microcredit could be seen as a means by which globalization makes good
its obligation to provide something for everyone, even those who, absent some
kind of assistance, would not efficiently be drawn in by the market. Put another
way, microcredit could be seen as a mechanism that completes  [*117]  the moral
task of economic globalization and so makes good its promise of universality.
n83 It completes global markets by including those people who, all other things
being equal, would be left out of them. It completes the global market's moral
obligations by not accepting the excuse that certain people are efficiently left
outside and by instead presuming that they too must have a place - as producers,
even micro-producers - at the table of global markets.

   Of course this picture of microcredit assumes several things. One is that
there be a sufficient connection between the extraordinarily local markets in
which microcredit borrowers typically operate their microbusinesses and global
markets to say that in some sense microcredit actually "completes" global
markets and their universalist moral claims. It might be thought that, to the
contrary, the local markets of the rural village or the socially isolated poor
urban neighborhood are so separate from the global economy that whatever
principles microcredit uses, the exercise cannot meaningfully be said to have
anything to do with global markets.

   But is this so? The world's poorest people, even in the isolated rural
village, would appear to be subject to pressures, at least, from global markets.
They are not insulated from global markets, even when they fail to benefit from
them. Insofar simply as their interactions are monetized, for example, they are
subject to potentially considerable pressures of inflation. Even insofar as they
or others within their circles of exchange use imported goods (which of course
is the norm even in remote villages today), they are subject to the risks of
foreign exchange. Even among the poorest, the conditions of the global market
impinge through currency and prices of exchanged staples and so on. In this
particular sense, no one is "outside" global markets. The question, however, is
whether and how the very poor can be drawn directly into the benefits, as well
as the direct and indirect insecurities, of global markets. Microcredit,
particularly insofar as it seeks to raise family income, can be seen as a means
of helping the very poor into the cash economy, which is always, in a sometimes
remote but still relevant sense, connected to global markets.

   If the picture of microcredit is as an "extension" of the global market, a
ladder by which to assist people "up" into the fully commercial economy that is
ultimately what the global market is about, microcredit cannot be conceived as a
permanent subsidy. A permanent subsidy, as we shall shortly see, suggests a
different relationship between microcredit and economic globalization.
Microcredit acts as an extension of the global economy only if it assists the
poor, graduates them, n84 into the real market economy, and then moves on. If it
is permanent, or at least permanently required in a subsidized fashion, then it
connotes a very different  [*118]  relationship. n85 What, then, is the
relationship of microcredit to economic globalization if we think the second
possibility is the correct one: the possibility that some part of the world's
population, whether the current 20% figure that is often cited or some other,
will never be efficiently drawn into the system of global markets, even with
microcredit? What if, for whatever reasons, whatever skills the poor acquire
will not be enough to draw them into the advantages of the global market? Or,
put another way, what is the idea behind microcredit if microcredit borrowers -
not a pool of borrowers that evolves and changes as some do well and graduate
into "real" economy and are replaced by new entrants, but instead the same
borrowers - are never able to get beyond the need for subsidy? What if their
enterprises never achieve profitability or revenues sufficient to eliminate the
need for subsidy - even though the subsidy to some extent leverages family
income by increasing volume, for example, in a family microbusiness? How should
microcredit conceive of itself?

   In one sense, microcredit still completes the universalist moral obligation
of global capitalism. After all, it still brings markets to very poor people who
are left out of the system of global markets. But it does so in a very different
way and in a very different sense. The picture is no longer one of being a
mechanism, a bridge, a ladder, by which capitalism is extended downwards to draw
people in. The picture, by contrast, is one in which microcredit creates,
instead, faux markets out of subsidized funds, markets that are artificially
created and sustained precisely because the "real" global market will never draw
these very poor people upwards and into it. The need for faux markets is created
on account of market failure by the "real" market.

   In describing markets created or sustained by microcredit institutions as
"faux" markets, I do not intend to denigrate them. There can be sound social
policy reasons why it is useful to create such markets even when the ultimate
function is not to draw people into the "real" market. Even within an
artificially subsidized market, for example, it may be useful, effective policy
to introduce market discipline in the allocation of credit and capital and to
require its turnover through payment, even if the capital deployed is ultimately
subsidized. The mechanisms of the market, even in subsidized institutions, may
provide for greater efficiencies than more bureaucratic mechanisms of welfare
distribution. The market may provide a useful way of imparting skills in such
matters as money and budgeting; it may be a means of empowering women within
their villages or households. n86 These may be convincing reasons why the use of
a  [*119]  subsidized market is preferable to other allocation mechanisms and
why microcredit should operate as it typically does. But it is not the same
rationale as extending the global market to the very poor. The rationale,
rather, is that even in circumstances where microcredit-fostered markets do not
ultimately connect with global markets (except in indirect senses of currency
and money in the abstract), and where ultimately microcredit clients are not
able to graduate out of (often highly) subsidized credit programs, a faux market
is better than no market at all. The point is not simply that some subsidy to
the very poor is better than none at all, but that a subsidy to the poor
organized through a market mechanism, even an artificially supported one, is
better than a non-market one, at least in such matters as provision of credit
and capital. Other kinds of social goods, such as education and health care,
present very different issues, for which markets might be thought inapposite,
but in such matters as credit, market mechanisms, even if artificial, are the
most efficient means of distribution.

   D. Microcredit's Ambivalence About Global Markets and Their Universalist
Moral Justification

 The difference between the two ways of viewing microcredit described above - as
an extension of, or as an alternative to, the global economy - has a very
significant practical consequence for how microcredit programs are evaluated for
effectiveness, whether by donors, microfinance institutions themselves, or
others. If, as discussed earlier, microfinance institutions are themselves
fundamentally about bringing clients upwards into the "real" market, then the
test of success is precisely how many clients are able to graduate to
unsubsidized credit; this figure may be taken as a reasonable proxy for
increases in family income and other poverty relief indicators. This does not
mean, to be sure, that a microfinance provider could not conceive of its mission
as creating a base of stable, unsubsidized borrowers who over time finance
operations of the microfinance institution and create sustainability. But a
provider could instead decide to steer successful clients toward commercial
institutions, and so never reap the benefits of the investment in human capital
as measured by the self-sustainability of the microfinance institution.

   If, by contrast, microfinance is conceived in terms of remedying market
failure and of creating permanently subsidized markets and permanently  [*120]
subsidized clients, then its success must be measured not by graduation rates
but instead by broader measures of welfare improvements among the very poor and
increases in their human capital generally, including education, health,
nutrition and so on. This is a much broader measure of success and, while surely
important, is much less susceptible to quantification and measurement in the
venture capital sense of return on social investment. Moreover, as a criterion
of success for microfinance institutions, it simply establishes microfinance as
one of several conduits for the provision of welfare for the poor.

   Stripped of its special bootstrapping element, given that the model does not
presuppose graduation "up" into the real market, microcredit must compete with
other, often direct forms of welfare provision for the very poor, including
direct investment in health care, education, and the rest of direct social
services for the poor. Microcredit is special among these only insofar as it
promises a model that accumulates and reproduces capital among the poor. If it
is simply a vehicle for increasing access to other social services, then
resources could instead be put toward simply providing more of those services,
and providing them more directly. It would not be unfair to say that not
infrequently, microfinance institutions have sought to justify themselves on
grounds that swing back and forth between these two fundamentally different
rationales. When pressed for why microfinance should get additional resources,
organizations argue that microfinance is special because it accumulates and
reproduces capital within poor communities. When pressed for why continuing
subsidies are needed, not just for the microfinance institutions that never seem
to become self-sustaining but also for the continuing faux market of borrowers,
they argue that even if microcredit does not accumulate and reproduce finance
capital within poor communities, it serves as an organizing mechanism for access
to other welfare services by increasing the human capital necessary for the poor
to get hold of those basic resources. These are fundamentally different
rationales for microcredit, and they imply fundamentally different measures of
effectiveness.

   But beyond these practicalities, the difference between these two rationales
also signals a key difference in attitude toward economic globalization. It
signals the presence of a deep and persistent ambivalence toward global markets
on the part of microcredit because, of course, microcredit programs often sense
that, to some extent, both of these conceptions are true and desirable.
Experiencing both the sense of fulfilling the promise of the market and the
sense of remedying the market's failure - each of which is a feeling deeply
embedded in the experience of microcredit - is a recipe for deep ambivalence
about the global market.

   IV. Conclusion: Sharing Out the Loaves and Fishes

 The conclusion is a modest one. This Article has sought to do no more than
provide one account of the persistent ambivalence that microcredit, as a
widespread development paradigm and global practice, conveys about  [*121]  both
itself as a social practice and about another large-scale social practice:
economic globalization. Microcredit organizations and their practitioners cannot
help but have views of one kind or another about the spread of global
capitalism. Global capitalism makes, as we have seen, strong promises about its
effects on the world's poor who are the quotidian constituency of microcredit
programs. Microcredit cannot help but bump up, ideologically speaking, against
claims of global markets about what is most effective for helping the world's
poor. Moreover, because microcredit puts market strategies at the core of its
paradigm, its self-conception and its conceptual relationship to global markets
are inevitably at issue, especially as global markets spread.

   This Article has suggested, however, that the truest description of the
microcredit's self-conception of global capitalism is an uneasy ambivalence.
This is because in one circumstance or another, microcredit can be seen either
as handmaid to global markets, a subsidized helping hand aimed at drawing poor
people into global markets, or as a mechanism for dealing with the market's
failure to make good its promise to include everyone. The Article has attempted
to give a sense of the ways in which microcredit as a practice embraces and
utilizes market principles. Since microcredit organizations are frequently NGOs,
however, operating outside regular credit market constraints but within the
constraints of what might be termed the "nonprofit capital market" (i.e.,
fundraising demands), market principles are sometimes either hard to apply or
simply inapposite. This is particularly true when it comes to the measurement of
outcomes; the ordinary measure of a for-profit business, profitability and
therefore self-sustainability, is not necessarily a sure-fire indicator of a
microcredit program's success or failure. It is necessary to look further to how
the program conceives of its relation to the "real" market and its clients.
Moreover, this Article has not sought to serve as an introduction to
microcredit; indeed, one of the most important questions, "Does microcredit
actually work?" has not been addressed at all.

   The Article has sought to distill a certain set of moral claims about
economic globalization out of the writings and speeches of a few exemplary
figures. The essence of those claims has been that economic globalization ought
to be judged in considerable part by whether it improves the life chances of the
very poor. Kofi Annan has urged that what the world's poor need is more
globalization, not less, and that the very poor need to be made part of
globalization; he apparently regards the global market as in need of
transnational regulation if it is to include everyone. The fundamental claim
that Annan makes, however, is that global capitalism should be regarded as
universal in the sense that it has a moral obligation to include everyone.
Microcredit, the Article has suggested, can be seen either as a means to include
everyone, an extension of the market, or else as the subsidizer of faux markets
to provide a remedy for failure by the real markets.

   What remains to be asked is whether the rest of us, the world's comfortable
and educated bourgeoisie, can learn anything from this  [*122]  admittedly
abstract consideration of the differing conceptions of microcredit and
globalization that helps us understand our own ambivalence toward economic
globalization. The Article suggested at the beginning that our ambivalence with
respect to economic globalization is that we both desire it and fear it both for
ourselves and for others. It seems to me that what this consideration of
microcredit and globalization can do for us is tell that our ambivalence is
based on something real, the very real possibility that, left to its own
devices, economic globalization could easily leave whole swaths of the world's
population untouched by its benefits. If we are committed to the moral
universalism of global markets, if we are committed to accepting global markets
as a universal system, then it seems incumbent upon us to accept and fulfill the
moral obligation of universalism. Whether the logic of the global market will
accept the challenge of its own morality is an open question.

   I end this Article on a note of ambivalence with a poem by David Whyte. n87

   Loaves and Fishes

   This is not

   the age of information.

   This is not

   the age of information.

   Forget the news,

   and the radio,

   and the blurred screen.

   This is the time

   of loaves

   and fishes.

   People are hungry,

   and one good word is bread

   for a thousand.


Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Communications LawTelephone ServicesCellular ServicesInternational Trade
LawGeneral OverviewTortsBusiness TortsGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  This Article began as the 1998 annual lecture of the Duke Law Journal, Nov.
9, 1998; it has been significantly reconceived in later years. My thanks to the
Duke Law Journal for inviting me to speak.





n2.  A more generic and perhaps more descriptive term would be "microfinance,"
reflecting the fact that increasingly microcredit organizations engage in
financing activities that extend well beyond traditional lending, sometimes
including equity transactions. I will use microcredit and microfinance
interchangeably to denote the broad range of government-or NGO-supported finance
of all kinds provided to the poor.





n3.  At several points in this Article, I have specifically addressed myself to
the world's bourgeoisie, in order to avoid the temptation ever present for those
who work in international development matters of speaking not merely as,
sometimes, advocates for the poor and, more often, ministers to them, but as
though "we" were part of them. We are not. The "we" I have in mind in this
Article, to whom this discussion is addressed, are the high bourgeoisie of the
world, those with the wealth and time to worry both about the world's poor, the
poor as such, and also about our own place in the world of wealth and its
creation and distribution, including our sensibilities and our ambivalences
about it.





n4.  John Rawls, A Theory of Justice (rev. 1999).





n5.  Some would make the requirement of egalitarianism much more stringent.



   Central to the moral argument for the rapid universal expansion of the
unregulated market-place is the claim that, as a result, living standards will
rise faster and incomes along with prices, interest rates and cost of doing
business will converge. The promise of higher and converging incomes is
necessary to justify the pain of dislocation that inevitably accompanies
fast-paced creative destruction.

 Jeff Faux & Larry Mishel, Inequality and the Global Economy, in Global
Capitalism 93 (Will Hutton & Anthony C. Giddens eds., 2000) (emphasis added).
This form of egalitarianism requires a convergence of incomes, not simply that
the incomes of the poor increase, whether or not, or how fast, the incomes of
the better off increase. This Article, however, adopts only a less stringent
egalitarianism, one requiring only a Rawlsian improvement in the situation of
the worst off, believing it a more accurate portrayal of what proponents of
global capitalism actually assert.





n6.  The editorial page of the Wall Street Journal, for example, proudly
announced that the "global trend is toward market-driven prosperity and
individual empowerment." Editorial, So 19th Century, Wall St. J., Oct. 25, 2000,
at A22.





n7. " Microfinance has evolved as an economic development approach intended to
benefit low-income women and men. The term refers to the provision of financial
services to low-income clients, including the self-employed." Joanna Ledgerwood,
Microfinance Handbook: An Institutional and Financial Perspective 1(World Bank
ed., 1999).



   There is often disagreement about what precisely constitutes microfinance.
Different schools of thought exist as to how small loans have to be to qualify
as micro and the purpose to which they should be used... . Microfinance embraces
lending to individuals and groups hitherto outside the reach of the conventional
banking system with the broad aim of promoting small business employment.

 Peter Montagnon, Ctr. for the Study of Financial Innovation, Credit Where
Credit Is Due: Bringing Microfinance into the Mainstream 8 n.ii (1998).





n8.  See, e.g., Muhammad Yunus, Banker to the Poor: The Autobiography of
Muhammad Yunus, Founder of the Grameen Bank 64-72 (1998) (describing
microlending assistance to Bangladeshi farmers following the famine of 1974).
Obviously, given the thousands of microcredit programs in existence across the
world and the millions of microcredit borrowers worldwide, one could fill a book
with anecdotes of the variety of activities funded by microcredit; they are as
varied as the economic life of the poor around the world. Rather than multiply
anecdotes, this Article seeks to concentrate on certain analytic features
thought relevant to understanding microcredit at a level above the purely
anecdotal.





n9.  See Thomas Friedman, The Lexus and the Olive Tree 361-62 (2d ed. 2000). My
own work as an attorney for the Open Society Institute, which has provided
funding for this cell phone initiative, confirms Friedman's account.





n10.  See generally Alex Counts, Give Us Credit (1996) (giving an account of the
rise of microlending, including extensive case studies).





n11.  A Nov., 2001 Wall Street Journal article estimated that there were some
"7,000 so-called microlenders with 25 million poor clients worldwide." Daniel
Pearl & Michael M. Phillips, Small Change: Bank That Pioneered Loans for the
Poor Hits Repayment Snag: "Microcredit' Icon Grameen Faces Questions as Rate of
Delinquencies Rises: Mrs. Begum's Missing Cow, Wall St. J., Nov. 27, 2001, at
A1.





n12.  Montagnon, supra note 7, at 5.





n13.  As Ledgerwood writes,



   Microfinance arose in the 1980s as a response to doubts and research findings
about state delivery of subsidized credit to poor farmers... . Beginning in the
mid-1980s, the subsidized, targeted credit model supported by many donors was
the object of steady criticism, because most programs accumulated large loan
losses and required frequent recapitalization to continue operating. It became
more and more evident that market-based solutions were required... . Since the
1980s the field of microfinance has grown substantially.

 Ledgerwood, supra note 7, at 2.





n14.  For an example of the extensive literature critical of the Bretton Woods
financial institutions (including the World Bank), see 50 Years Is Enough: The
Case Against the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (Kevin Danaher
ed., 1994).





n15.  Yunus, supra note 8, at 5-8 (giving an account of his first experience
lending to Bangladeshi village women).





n16.  On the rise of the international NGO movement and its importance in
international relations today, see, e.g., Kenneth Anderson, The Limits of
Pragmatism in American Foreign Policy: Unsolicited Advice to the Bush
Administration on Relations With International Nongovernmental Organizations, 2
Chi. J. Int'l L. 371 (2001) (outlining the reasons for the influence of NGOs in
international affairs).





n17.  Special Report: Citizens' Groups, The Economist, Dec. 11, 1999.





n18.  See, e.g., Justin Marozzi, Whose World Is It, Anyway?, The Spectator, Aug.
5, 2000, at 14-15 (quoting Fareed Zakaria, managing editor of Foreign Affairs,
who voiced concern that "governments will listen too much to the loud minority
[NGOs] and neglect the fears of the silent majority.").





n19.  See Yunus, supra note 8, at 13-26 (describing the struggle in getting the
World Bank to accept the microcredit paradigm).





n20.  See, e.g., Martha Nussbaum, Women and Human Development: The Capabilities
Approach (2000) (arguing that, as a matter of fundamental justice, women in
developing countries must have equal access to the resources necessary for
living a full, autonomous life).





n21.  See Microcredit Summit, Declaration and Plan of Action 4 (Feb. 2-4, 1997)
[hereinafter Microcredit Summit Declaration]:



   In both developing and industrialized countries, poverty has a predominately
female face. The United Nations Development Fund for Women (UNIFEM) finds that
women earn only 10 percent of the world's income, and own less than 10 percent
of the world's property. Of the more than one billion adults who have no access
to basic education, more than 60 percent are women. Of the 1.3 billion absolute
poor today - people living on less than US$ 1 a day - over 900 million are
women. Further, the poverty of women generally results in higher birth rates,
and the physical and social underdevelopment of their children.

 See also Cheryl Rene Rodriguez, Women, Microenterprise, and the Politics of
Self-Help (1995), at 15-47 (providing a survey of women's entrepreneurship).





n22.  See e.g., Yunus, supra note 9, at 93-98. There has also been criticism of
what some see as an excessive focus on women as the object of anti-poverty
efforts.



   "There's another issue of whether your clients are legitimate if they're not
women. That was another sort of - what can I say? - concept that was
promulgated, and not only by the Microcredit Summit. That women are the most
disadvantaged, and the most creditworthy... . I can't say that I have seen any
difference between men and women in the relative need for microfinance support,
no difference in the rate at which they apply to us for money, nor in the degree
to which their applications are accepted, nor in the degree to which they pay
back their loans on time. There is no statistically significant difference
between the sexes on those things [in Poland] at all. And I can't believe that
Poland is the only country in the world where that is true."

 Microfinance: Conversations With the Experts 40 (Charles Oberdorf ed., 1999)
[hereinafter Conversations] (remarks by Rosalind Coprisarow).





n23.  See microcredit Summit Declaration, supra note 21, at v (emphasis added):



   The Microcredit Summit is but one part of a much larger effort to end
poverty. To be successful, the overall movement to end poverty will require the
implementation of a broad range of strategies. Building institutions capable of
providing microfinance services, specifically credit for self-employment and
savings capabilities, to 100 million of the world's poorest families, especially
the women of these families, is just one of these strategies.







n24.  Ledgerwood draws this distinction when she urges that a microcredit
organization needs to know its own goals - including whether its goals are, for
example, to relieve poverty, to encourage economic growth, "or to help poor
women develop confidence and become empowered within their families."
Ledgerwood, supra note 7, at 4 (emphasis added).





n25.  Lucie E. White, Feminist Microenterprise: Vindicating the Rights of Women
in the New Global Order?, 50 Me. L. Rev. 327, 332 (1998).





n26.  A useful handbook for consideration of these common economic and
institutional factors is The New World of Microenterprise Finance: Building
Healthy Financial Institutions for the Poor (Maria Otero & Elisabeth Rhyne eds.,
1994) [hereinafter New World]; see also the series of handbooks, occasional
papers, and documents available from ACCION International at its website
http://www.accion.org.





n27.  See Montagnon, supra note 7, at 19 for a helpful table showing the
breakdown of sources of funds used in microcredit, using World Bank data.





n28.  See Ledgerwood, supra note 7, at 2 (noting that "moneylenders,
pawnbrokers, and rotating savings and credit associations are informal
microfinance providers and important sources of financial intermediation" to the
poor).





n29.  Prior to the establishment of market-based microcredit programs, "directed
credit and controlled interest rates [led] to distortions and waste in the
allocation of precious development resources." Carlos Castello et al., Exposing
Interest Rates: Their True Significance for Microentrepreneurs and Credit
Programs 7 (ACCION International Discussion Paper Series No. 6, 1991).





n30.  For a generally more sympathetic treatment of traditional moneylenders,
see Robert Peck Christen, What Microenterprise Credit Programs Can Learn from
the Moneylenders 11 (1989) (ACCION International Discussion Papers Series No. 4)
("There are proven methods of operation by moneylenders which, from a financial
perspective, should be emulated by microcredit programs").





n31.  Moneylenders can charge interest rates of 365 percent a year even without
compounding. Montagnon, supra note 7, at 8.





n32.  As both Christen and Montagnon note, however, moneylenders sometimes do
play the role of genuinely commercial providers of credit even when lending
money at such high interest rates. As Montagnon notes with respect to the
Tamilian moneylenders in Cochin, they



   are not vilified by their customers. Indeed, borrowers appear grateful for an
opportunity to receive credit. For those that use the credit to build a
business, a high level of interest is eminently affordable. This is because
micro-enterprises are usually labour-intensive, with few fixed assets. Credit is
usually applied to the purchase of simple tools, which can make a huge
difference to productivity, or to working capital, which is passed through the
business with enormous speed. A hawker in Jakarta, for example, may borrow Rs
10,000 to buy fruit and vegetables from a wholesaler which he will sell on the
street for Rs 20,000. The moneylender may charge interest at Rs 100 a day -
equivalent to 365 percent a year even without compounding. Yet the hawker can
afford the interest because his - or (as is often the case) her - return is
generated so quickly that the high cost of capital eats up so little profit.

 Montagnon, supra note 7, at 8.





n33.  See Ledgerwood, supra note 7, at 149 (discussing one method of setting
interest rates).





n34.  This is a proposition sometimes denied by the microcredit movement. The
Microcredit Summit Declaration, for example, says flatly that microcredit
programs "representing different models and operating in different cultures have
discovered that very poor people achieve strong repayment records. In developing
countries, late payment and bad loan ratios are comparable to or below those of
conventional banking houses." Microcredit Summit Declaration, supra note 21, at
10. However, as this Article suggests further on, in keeping with the
observations of others, measuring default rates alone is not sufficient; higher
monitoring and transaction costs associated with microcredit that prevent
delinquencies from developing must also be taken into account as measures of
risk posed by loans to poor borrowers. See supra this section. See generally
Katherine Stearns, The Hidden Beast: Delinquency in Microenterprise Credit
Programs 7 (1991) (ACCION International Discussion Paper Series No. 5) ("Despite
the importance of delinquency to the health and viability of credit programs,
many program managers are unaware of their true portfolio quality, and ignorant
of the impact that delinquency has on their financial situation.").





n35.  For a discussion of loan collateral in microcredit and alternative forms
of collateral, see Ledgerwood, supra note 7, at 137-38.





n36.  See infra Section II.C for a discussion of the financial
self-sustainability of microfinance institutions.





n37.  Increasingly microcredit sees itself as a movement operating according to
this welfare efficiency rationale. As Ledgerwood puts it,



   in addition to financial intermediation, many [microfinance institutions]
provide social intermediation services such as group formation, development of
self-confidence, and training in financial literacy and management capabilities
among members of a group. Thus the definition of microfinance often includes
both financial intermediation and social intermediation. Microfinance is not
simply banking, it is a development tool.

 Ledgerwood, supra note 7, at 1.





n38.  According to Deborah Drake and Maria Otero, for example, experience shows
that "the poor are responsible borrowers and savers. Efficiently run programs
have maintained extremely low late payment and default rates." Deborah Drake &
Maria Otero, Alchemists for the Poor: NGOs as Financial Institutions 104 (1992)
(ACCION International Monograph Series, No. 6). For a frank and skeptical
discussion, however, of whether repayment rates are in fact so rosy, see
Conversations, supra note 22, at 15-17. Even the fabled Grameen Bank, with its
much touted 95 percent repayment rate, appears to have pronounced difficulties
with delinquencies at a rate far higher than ordinarily acknowledged by the bank
and its many defenders. See Pearl & Phillips, supra note 11, at A1 (stating that
its "iconic status owes a lot to an almost miraculous loan repayment rate of
"over 95%,' as the bank's Web site says. But Grameen's performance in recent
years hasn't lived up to the bank's own hype... . For the whole bank, 19% of
loans are one year overdue."). But see Muhammad Yunus, Letter to the Ed., Credit
as a Human Right, Wall St. J., Dec. 12, 2001, at A19 (replying to Pearl and
Phillips and asserting that "by December 2002, the repayment rate will reach
98%").





n39.  See Edward Chancellor, The Devil Take the Hindmost: A History of Financial
Speculation 233-37 (2000) (describing the rise and fall of the U.S. and Japanese
property markets during the past twenty years). The point is simply that real
estate is not always such ironclad collateral.





n40.  For an account of the history of such discrimination in the United States,
see Kenneth Anderson and Paige Mailliard, Women's Banks and Women's Access to
Credit; Competition Between Marketplace and Regulatory Solutions to Gender
Discrimination, 20 Loy. L.A. L. Rev. 771 (1987)





n41.  As Peter Montagnon puts it,



   microlending has grown so large that the commercial markets cannot afford to
ignore it... . For commercial banks, there may be an opportunity of broadening
their customer base in the developing world. The food hawker in Manila may not
be destined to become the Colonel Sanders of tomorrow; but many can reasonably
expect to graduate to more conventional retail banking services ... .

 Montagnon, supra note 7, at 5-6.





n42.  See generally Elisabeth Rhyne & Londa S. Rotblatt, What Makes Them Tick?
Exploring the Anatomy of Major Microenterprise Finance Organizations 44-49
(1994) (ACCION International Monograph Series No. 9) (discussing considerations
of productivity, operating costs, and viability of microcredit organizations).





n43.  See Anderson and Mailliard, supra note 40 (making a similar argument with
respect to women's banks in the United States in the 1970s and 1980s).





n44.  For a case study approach to this issue, see Gilberto M. Llanto & Ronald
T. Chua, Transaction Costs of Lending to the Poor: A Case Study of Two
Philippine Non-governmental Organizations (Foundation for Development
Cooperation ed., 1996) (attempting to identify and quantify components of
transaction costs in microcredit).





n45.  To take one of many possible examples, Standard Bank, a commercial bank in
South Africa,



   started a micro-lending division in 1992 which built up a portfolio of R1.5
million in loans by the time the experiment was stopped in 1996. The problem was
not bad loans - which were held below 4 percent of the portfolio - but the high
level of operating costs... . To cover these costs required a high interest
rates [sic]. Standard Bank officials reckoned they needed annual rates of
between 50 and 100 per cent to make a reasonable return, well in excess of the
Usury Act ceiling of 29 per cent on loans in excess of R6,000.

 Montagnon, supra note 7, at 10 (emphasis added).





n46.  The problem of economies of scale is, of course, a rational reason for not
extending the credit to the poor. In that sense it is a subset of the rational
rather than the irrational. It is listed separately because in practical terms
it is quite different from the refusal to lend on account of the lack of
tangible collateral.





n47.  As Ledgerwood says,



   Ultimately, most of the dilemmas and problems encountered in microfinance
have to do with how clear the organization is about its principal goals. Does [a
microfinance institution] provide microfinance to lighten the heavy burdens of
poverty? Or to encourage economic growth? Or to help poor women develop
confidence and become empowered within their families?

 Ledgerwood, supra note 7, at 4.





n48.  See Ledgerwood, supra note 7, at 4 (noting that "there have been many more
failures than successes" in the history of microfinance). For a recent review of
U.S. experience in microcredit, see Nitin Bhatt et al., Can Microcredit Work in
the United States?, 77 Harv. Bus. Rev. 26 (1999) (opining that while a few
programs are effective, overall U.S. microcredit programs are tiny, inefficient,
and ineffective); see also Marla Dickerson & Lee Romney, Study Contests
Micro-lenders' Effectiveness, L.A. Times, Nov. 3, 1999, at C9 (reporting that
over 30 percent of the programs that were lending in 1996 had gone out of
business two years later). See also Pearl & Phillips, supra note 11 (discussing
Grameen Bank's problems).





n49.  See Castello, supra note 29.





n50.  As Maria Otero, President of ACCION International, has succinctly put it,
"The sustainability of a microenterprise assistance program depends primarily on
three factors: 1) high volume of lending activity; 2) appropriate institutional
capacity to maintain and expand the program; and 3) adequate repayment rate."
Maria Otero, Microenterprise Assistance Programs: Their Benefits, Costs and
Sustainability 24 (1989) (ACCION International Discussion Paper No. 2).





n51.  Otero and Rhyne point out that although traditional loan programs "have
been reluctant to charge full-cost interest rates to microenterprises ... in
most countries, there is a large difference between commercial rates of interest
and rates charged in the informal financial sector. Microenterprise programs can
charge much more than formal financial institutions and still underprice
informal-sector alternatives." New World, supra note 26, at 20 (emphasis added).





n52.  As Otero and Rhyne emphasize, "microenterprise borrowers are far more
sensitive to the availability and convenience of credit than to the interest
rate." Id. at 20.





n53. " Commercial rates," as Castello et al. point out, "are rarely if ever
available to microentrepreneurs ... . Even if microentrepreneurs had access to
banks, they would not have access to commercial rates." They would pay a rate
far closer to moneylender and other informal sector alternatives. Castello,
supra note 29, at 11 n.3.





n54.  As a leading expert, Francisco "Pancho" Otero, has said,



   Sustainable microfinance. On the face of it, a simple fundamental idea that
is so basic in its crudest form ... . Lend poor people capital and build up your
portfolio with them as they build up their deposits with you. While you are at
it, cover your costs and, in time, make money. So, if it so simple, why is
sustainable microfinance so rare? Why are failures so common and so spectacular?
... Our understanding of microfinance in its sustainable version is not all that
thorough. Otherwise, the thousands of initiatives that have sprung up in the
past 10 years would have grown and flourished much faster than they have, and
failure, as well, would not be such a commonplace occurrence.

 Francisco "Pancho" Otero, Introduction, in Conversations, supra note 22, at i.





n55.  Michael Chu, former president of a leading microfinance organization,
ACCION International, maintains that a "program dedicated to the poor can grow
to the point of paying for all its costs, capital included." Microcredit Summit
Report 17 (Feb. 2-4, 1997). Likewise, Ledgerwood says that "the goal of
sustainability (cost recovery and eventually profit) is the key not only to
institutional permanence in lending, but also to making the lending institution
more focused and efficient." Ledgerwood, supra note 7, at 2-3. For an important
critique of the ideal of sustainability, see Thomas W. Dichter, Appeasing the
Gods of Sustainability: The Future of International NGOs in Microfinance, in
NGOs, States and Donors: Too Close for Comfort? 128 (David Hulme & Michael
Edwards eds., 1997) (arguing that the focus of NGOs on sustainability distorts
the mission of international development).





n56.  See, e.g., David Hulme & Michael Edwards, NGOs, States and Donors: An
Overview, in Hulme & Edwards, supra note 55, at 3-22 (discussing effects of
donor preferences on NGO activities).





n57.  See Anthony Bebbington & Roger Riddel, Heavy Hands, Hidden Hands, Holding
Hands? Donors, Intermediary NGOs and Civil Society Organizations, in Hulme &
Edwards, supra note 55, at 107 (criticizing the role of donors in setting NGO
agendas).





n58.  See Christine W. Lett et al., Virtuous Capital: What Foundations Can Learn
from Venture Capitalists, 75 Harv. Bus. Rev. 36 (1997) (noting that charitable
foundations can learn from venture capitalists how to determine winners and
losers in the conduct of charitable activity).





n59.  For a discussion of differences between venture capital and other more
passive forms of investment, such as banking, see generally Josh Lerner, Venture
Capital and Private Equity: A Casebook 1-6 (2000).





n60.  I chair the board of directors and serve as general counsel for a
nonprofit venture fund, the Media Development Loan Fund (MDLF), which makes
investments into for-profit media in countries around the world to strengthen
the "independent" media sector (media not controlled by government, political
parties, or criminal enterprises and which provides significant and objective
news coverage). It is not precisely microfinance because the scale of
investments runs from hundreds of thousands to millions of dollars, and the
social purpose is not about poverty directly but about freedom of expression and
transparency. However, it bears many financial similarities to microfinance in
that the economics are much the same, and in our experience the largest question
related to sustainability is whether to adopt the model of banking or of venture
capital risks and returns. The banking model, it is clear, will not produce
sustainability for MDLF.





n61.  The most ambitious plan for increasing the number of poor served by
microcredit to reach 100 million of the world's poorest people is contained in
the Microcredit Summit Declaration and Plan of Action. It is a plan that calls
for increased amounts of funds from every source, whether governments,
international agencies, foundations and other philanthropic sources, or the
commercial sector. Microcredit Summit Declaration, supra note 21. Montagnon,
however, in an astute analysis of the funding question, urges that if serious
funds are to come from the commercial sector - the only largely untapped source
of funds - those funds will only be provided on a for-profit basis. He concludes
that it is probably best to bifurcate the microcredit sector into programs that
are gradually moving away from subsidized funds toward integration into the
commercial sector and programs that will always require subsidy. Montagnon,
supra note 7, at 31-32.





n62.  Robert Peck Christen, supra note 30.





n63.  See Yunus, supra note 8, at 105-17 (describing the mechanics of joining a
lending circle of the Grameen Bank).





n64.  A large-scale nonprofit venture fund such as MDLF, with large loans at
risk to commercial entities, will utilize formal legal mechanisms to enforce
loans.





n65.  In Grameen Bank relationships, "there is no legal instrument between the
lender and the borrower. We feel our relationship is with people, not with
papers. We build up the human link based on trust. Grameen succeeds or fails
depending on how strong our personal relationship is with the borrowers." Yunus,
supra note 8, at 110.





n66.  See Shari Berenbach & Diego Guzman, La Experiencia Mundial de los Grupos
Solidarios (1993) (ACCION International Serie de Monografias No. 7) (discussing
the experience of using solidarity circles in microcredit and their connection
with pre-existing relationships especially among village women).





n67.  White, supra note 25, at 332.





n68.  Interview with Roberto Eisenman, President, MiBanco, in Panama City, Fla.
(July 1999). For a contrary view, see Conversations, supra note 22, at 39-40
(remarks by Rosalind Copisarow).





n69.  One director of a microfinance bank in Latin America told me that, far
from lack of capital, the problem is one of training enough staff who can go out
and engage in the strenuous activity of finding borrowers. This is very far from
a for-profit bank, where you can expect the customers to come through the door.





n70.  There is a debate as to whether microcredit ought necessarily to aim at
microenterprise, that is, at business enterprise. Stuart Rutherford of SafeSave
emphasizes that microenterprise is only one reason for the existence of
microfinance institutions or, more broadly, banking services for the poor:



   I have a very simple view of what financial services are, which comes from
something like 35 years of observing how poor people handle their money ... .
And what that experience boils down to is this: that poor people have a capacity
to save, small though it is, but poor people also very frequently during their
lives need large sums of money, larger than they normally have about them. The
only way they can reliably get hold of these sums is by finding some way of
exchanging them for their capacity to save... . So, swapping small sums for big
sums is basically what financial services is all about... . There are three
basic kinds of big sums that poor people need. They need some big sums for
life-cycle events - getting married, burying their grandparents, educating their
kids. The second big category is emergencies ... . And then the third category
is opportunities ... to set up a business, to expand an existing business ... .
A lot of microenterprise lending programs focus on that third category of lump
sum, the opportunity to set a business, or expand an existing business ... . But
in my experience, that's often a minority use. The other uses I mentioned are
more demanding on them, and their need to get lump sums to cover those needs is
more frequent... .

 Conversations, supra note 22, at 4-5.





n71.  Foreign direct investment "is defined as equity investment by a parent
firm to control the operations of a subsidiary corporation in another country."
Alan Rugman, The End of Globalization 1 (2000).





n72.  As Rugman says, foreign direct investment is the engine that drives
international business. Id.





n73.  At the Microcredit Summit, Federico Mayor, Secretary General of UNESCO,
noted that if we are to build on the remarkable achievements so far,
microfinance must be complemented by supporting programs in the fields of
education, health, and other essential services. Microcredit Summit Report,
supra note 55, at 15. Similarly, Fawzi al-Sultan, president of the International
Fund for Agricultural Development, stated that "we must nonetheless keep in mind
not only the benefits but also the limits of microfinance as a tool... . It is
not enough by itself to ensure sustainable development for the rural poor ... .
The poor equally need access to better technologies, to health and education
services, to fair markets and adequate infrastructure." Id. at 27.





n74.  See Malcolm Waters, Globalization 7-8 (1995) (discussing formal
differences between "economic" and "political").





n75.  Microcredit Summit Report, supra note 55, at 16-17.





n76.  I speak here from the personal experience of having been on both sides of
this exchange in many organizations over the years, sometimes with the funders
and sometimes with the fundees.





n77.  Friedman, supra note 9; Jeremy Brecher & Tim Costello, Global Village or
Global Pillage: Economic Reconstruction From the Bottom Up (2d ed. 1998).





n78.  Kofi Annan, Address to the Millennium Forum (May 22, 2000), available at
http://www.globalsolidarity.org/artmilfor.html (visited Sept. 30, 2001).





n79.  Id. (emphasis added).





n80.  Id.





n81.  See, e.g.., Globalize This! The Battle Against the World Trade
Organization and Corporate Rule (Kevin Danaher & Roger Burbach eds., 2000)
(arguing against unregulated free trade).





n82.  But microcredit, according to many practitioners, including Vijay Mahajan,
head of Basix, a microcredit organization in India,



   is not a poverty-relief strategy, particularly if you're talking about the
hard-core poor, or the so-called poorest of the poor. They need other help
before they need microcredit - help with health, education, nutrition, housing,
things like that. Unfortunately, microcredit is being offered as a panacea for
the poverty problem, and I disagree with that. It is certainly helpful for a
whole range of poor people, including some of the poorest of the poor, but those
people have to be a bit entrepreneurial and reasonably well endowed with human
skills. And the poorer you are, the less likely that is.

 Conversations, supra note 22, at 2. Moreover, adds Rosalind Copisarow with
respect to the origin of the Microcredit Summit's emphasis on the poorest of the
poor:



   The origin of the summit was an organization called Results, which was -
before it ever heard of microenterprise finance - interested in worldwide
poverty alleviation, specifically by means of hunger alleviation. And the reason
they're important is because they were the first organization to try to pull
together a worldwide community of microfinance practitioners. And they happened
to have, as their own slant, a view that the poorer the client, and the more
hungry, the more legitimate the microfinance operation, because it was working
toward the goal of alleviating poverty by alleviating hunger by making loans.

 Id. at 39-40. This is an important debate within the microfinance community.
This Article speaks in terms of the poorest of the poor as well as the merely
poor, consistent with the Microcredit Summit Declaration, which is the most
important document in the microfinance movement today. But the discussion in
this Article would generally apply equally well to the poor as to the poorest of
the poor.





n83.  To be sure, microcredit is simply one of the many development mechanisms
that might touch the lives of the poor that could be thought in this way. We are
here focused on microcredit as exemplary and not as exclusive.





n84.  For an introduction to the issue, see Katherine Stearns, Programa de
Desarollo de Microempresas: Es un Mito la Gradacion del Cliente? (1990) (ACCION
Internacional Serie de Documentes de Discusion No. 3).





n85.  I emphasize permanently needed subsidy because, as noted above, in actual
practice, microcredit programs are typically eager to hang on to their best
borrowers, those who have successfully repaid earlier loans, because they pose
both fewer risks and lower monitoring costs for the same interest rate and, for
the same reasons, can perhaps take on larger loans, thus creating volume per
borrower and, ideally, helping to overcome the endemic problem of economies of
scale in borrowing. But these are all ways of reducing the subsidy applied per
borrower, and so the point is the same.





n86.  This is the view taken by the Microcredit Summit Declaration in justifying
microcredit. The Declaration sees microcredit's role as far wider than simply
providing a means "up" into the "real" market:



   Microcredit can play an important role in increasing access to basic social
services and thereby enhancing the well-being of very poor people. A poor woman
who is able to access microcredit can also gain increased access to primary
health care, safe water and sanitation for her family, and family planning
information and services ... Regular meetings [of lending circles] provide an
excellent forum for learning and discussion about health care and sanitation,
family planning, ending marriage dowries and running business, among other
things.

 Microcredit Summit Declaration, supra note 21, at 14.





n87.  David Whyte, The House of Belonging, in Rugman, supra note 71, at 88.


                              116 of 119 DOCUMENTS

                  Copyright (c) 1997 Clinical Law Review, Inc.
                              Clinical Law Review

                                   Fall, 1997

                             4 Clinical L. Rev. 195

LENGTH: 16138 words

ARTICLE: SMALL BUSINESS AND COMMUNITY ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT: TRANSACTIONAL
LAWYERING FOR SOCIAL CHANGE AND ECONOMIC JUSTICE

NAME: Susan R. Jones *

BIO:



   * Professor of Clinical Law, The George Washington University Law School.
This article was supported by a law school summer writing stipend. I am grateful
to my husband, G.H. Abasi Johnson, and my mother, Dr. Shirley J. Jones for their
advice, patience and encouragement. I appreciate the support, feedback and
advice from colleagues who read and commented on drafts of this work including
Audrey McFarlane, Michael Diamond, Joseph Tulman, Michelle Jacobs, Steven Hobbs,
Pamela Jones, Stacey Brustin, Phillip Tajitsu Nash, Sekai Turner, Gay Gellhorn,
Lewis Solomon, Deborah Kenn, Merceria Ludgood, Homer LaRue, Irshad Abdal-Haqq,
Lynn Cunningham, Jennifer Lyman, and Eric Sirulnik. Finally, I wish to thank my
former students, clients, and my research assistants Sharri Horowitz, Delores
Gardner, Zane Sharoody, Jean Wells, Brett Grosko, and Joann Lee.

 TEXT:
 [*195]


   Introduction

 Small business and community economic development (CED) clinics represent an
important and growing component to the future of clinical legal education. The
national political trend is away from government entitlements and toward
personal responsibility and economic self-sufficiency. This shift has encouraged
the growth of more small business and CED clinics at law schools.

    This article analyzes the benefits to clinical legal education of these
transactional clinics' in contrast to more traditional clinics by exploring
these clinics contribution to the development of the skills and values sought to
be taught through clinical legal education. Part I explains the importance of
microbusinesses to community economic development. It also describes the
evolution of the inclusion of small business and CED clinics in clinical legal
education. Part II uses the George Washington University Small Business Clinic
to analyze the unique benefits of transactional clinics in contrast to more
traditional clinics - typically involved in criminal, family and entitlement
work - to explore the impact of small business clinics in developing skills such
as interviewing and counseling. It will also analyze small business clinics'
impact in teaching students values related to lawyers' professional roles in
particular the uniquely clinical concern regarding lawyering for social change.
Part III concludes that small business and CED clinics provide much needed legal
representation to low-income and  [*196]  underrepresented communities and
valuable experiential learning opportunities and practical doctrinal knowledge
to law students.


   I. Community Economic Development and the Importance of Microenterprise
Development

 Small business  n1 creation is an essential part of community economic
development (CED), a strategy for developing low-income communities.  n2 There
are many different CED approaches. Microenterprise  n3 development is one model
in which small loans, peer  [*197]  support business training and/or technical
assistance are made available to persons starting very small businesses.
Although the need for neighborhood small businesses to complement affordable
housing and other CED initiatives is well recognized, the notion that low-income
people can own them is relatively new.  n4

    A number of federal programs such as the Small Business Administration (SBA)
Microloan Demonstration Program,  n5 the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development (HUD) Community Development Block Grant Program (CDBG),  n6
Community Develop-  [*198]  ment Financial Institutions,  n7 such as Community
Development Credit Unions,  n8 Community Development Loan Funds,  n9 the
Community Reinvestment Act,  n10 Empowerment Zones and Enterprise Communities
n11 and nonprofit microenterprise programs, totaling over 500  [*199]
nationally,  n12 have recently facilitated the infusion of capital and technical
assistance for entrepreneurship in historically underserved communities. These
initiatives are enabling entrepreneurship and other economic development
activities. The combination of human capital  n13 and these federal and
nonprofit programs has created new possibilities for neighborhood small
businesses and community economic development.

    CED consists of various strategies for revitalizing poor communities.  n14
It facilitates the economic growth of communities through business development,
jobs, affordable housing, childcare, and "other necessities in a manner that
enables community residents to improve the quality of their lives and exercise
greater determination over the affairs that shape their daily existence."  n15
Strategies for CED include revitalization of decaying neighborhoods to enhance
the economic status of low-income people by building local institutions;
encouraging economic independence and self-sufficiency through entrepreneurship
for low-income people and minorities; encouraging private sector joint ventures
with local institutions; and heightening participation by low-income people in
areas such as political, civil and social rights movements.  n16 Some scholars
see minority entrepreneurship, particularly  [*200]  for microbusinesses, as
part of the quest for economic justice.  n17


   A. Microenterprise Development

 Small businesses often have been neglected as resources for community
revitalization. Low-income small business owners are not generally familiar with
business law and because many lack start-up capital and cannot access credit,
they cannot afford legal assistance.  n18 Lawyers for low-income people are
usually litigators who handle public entitlements, criminal, family and housing
law matters. Until recently, some people considered pro bono small business
assistance an oxymoron.  n19 Today, small business and CED work is viewed as the
new public interest law.  n20

    Providing support for self-employment through microenterprises and
microlending  n21 is essential to urban recovery and for creating [*201]
"sustained"  n22 change in low-income neighborhoods.  n23 Poverty and urban
decay, inadequate educational systems, welfare reform, the global economy and
rapid advances in technology that replace human labor are some of the many
reasons for the urgent need to create and support programs and policies that
facilitate economic self-sufficiency for low-income people.  n24 Because of
technological advances and job layoffs due to corporate downsizing,
self-employment  n25 has become an increasingly popular (and sometimes
necessary) business alternative. In the last seven years, the number of
self-employed people increased by ten percent and microbusinesses created
ninety-five percent of all new jobs in the United States.  n26

    The Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996
(PRWORA or Welfare Reform)  n27 created the most dramatic change in the
treatment of disadvantaged Americans since  [*202]  the New Deal. Key provisions
of the law place a five year lifetime limit on welfare benefits for adults and
requires that states have fifty per cent of its single family caseload working
at least thirty hours per week by the year 2002.  n28 Small business development
and CED initiatives, emphasizing job creation through self-employment, will no
doubt spearhead many welfare-to-work efforts. One half to two-thirds of
microenterprise programs target welfare recipients for self-employment training.
n29 Because small businesses already account for the bulk of new job growth,
they will also absorb former welfare recipients as new work force entrants.
Welfare reform itself will create new industries ranging from job training to
the creation of child care facilities for new working mothers.

    Small business development is also part of the multifaceted quest for
economic justice for indigent people and others marginalized by the dominant
society.  n30 For them, the playing field is not level. While most people start
small businesses from savings, the equity in their homes, credit card debt or
loans from family members or friends, many low-income people lack the financial
assets to develop small businesses and participate in this aspect of the
economic life of America.


   B. The Rise of Community Economic Development and Small Business Clinics

 Law school legal clinics provide needed legal services to low-income clients
while serving as teaching law firms for students. Clinical education is a
teaching method in which law students, in role as lawyers, identify and solve
legal problems under the supervision of a clinical professor.  n31 In clinical
programs, students learn the skills, values and judgments required in the
practice of law.

    Law school legal clinics emerged in the late 1960s during the  [*203]
Johnson Administration's "War on Poverty." It was a time when legal assistance
for the poor represented an unprecedented commitment to the "ideal of equal
justice."  n32 The clinical education movement was facilitated by public
interest lawyers who believed that the case method did not teach students the
skills, judgments and values needed for client representation and legal
decision-making. The initial (and still current) goals of the clinical education
movement were to change legal education so that it would be more than a
classroom experience, to educate students about their ethical and moral
responsibilities to society, and to provide a teaching law firm for students
engaged in poverty law practice.  n33

    In 1968, the Council on Legal Education for Professional Responsibility
(CLEPR) was established with funding from the Ford Foundation to encourage law
schools to explore clinical teaching. A $ 6,000,000 five year grant from CLEPR
funded clinical and field work primarily in criminal, juvenile and poverty law.
There were three important justifications for the program: basic skills
training, exploring lawyers' roles, and exposing lawyers - the policymakers of
the future - to legal injustices.  n34

    Conveniently, the first legal clinics operated out of legal aid offices
largely because they provided office space and clients, filled a public need,
and did not compete with the private bar. Lawyers who were hired to supervise
students came from legal services offices or were public defenders. Many were
interested in law reform work and found that the law school provided a
stimulating environment to pursue the ideals of law reform. As one observed
noted, "Gradually, most clinics moved in-house under direct supervision of the
schools. But the clients remained poor and the clinicians stayed activist."  n35

    The theoretical premises of clinical legal education have developed over
time and different programs employ various models.  n36  [*204]  Legal clinics
have changed and expanded both in subject area and in philosophy. Traditionally
providing representation in family law, housing, criminal defense, and general
civil law, legal clinics at some law schools have added new areas of
representation to address societal needs in areas such as HIV and AIDS
representation, elder law and domestic violence.  n37 The philosophy and
pedagogy of clinical education have further evolved into an investigation about
the role of lawyers in American society. A significant body of scholarship has
been developed by a national community of clinical law teachers who are bonded
by the unique character of their work as teacher/practitioners and clinical
legal scholars.  n38 Today, clinical legal education is well established. Most
law schools now have some type of clinical program.  n39

    The majority of transactional legal clinics that provide small business and
housing development assistance for CED efforts emerged at law schools in the
late 1970s and early 1980s.  n40 These decades were characterized by cutbacks in
funding for legal services for low- income people and a critique of the
traditional model of public interest lawyering, focused on litigation.  n41
Resources for impact litigation dwindled and the rewards were sometimes
uncertain. Litigation did not change the underlying poverty conditions in which
low-income people live. In this climate, CED emerged in law school clinics as an
important community-building strategy largely focused on affordable housing and
to complement legislative, litigation, and political avenues in the housing
arena.  [*205]

    As economic conditions for the indigent have worsened, individuated
litigation has become too expensive and federal funding of legal services has
restricted impact litigation on behalf of low-income people.  n42 Clinicians and
other legal services providers have found that representing groups with respect
to long term neighborhood development issues such as housing, consumer,
community banking, and small business development has a greater impact on
sustained community change than just representing indigent individuals.  n43
Recent cutbacks in the Legal Services Corporation (LSC) funding will no doubt
exacerbate the need for transactional group-based assistance from law school
clinics and the private bar. Legal services lawyers are constantly evaluating
the best way to use limited resources efficiently. CED and community education
are important components of service delivery. Additional emphasis may be placed
on transactional work because financially-strapped legal services offices, the
majority of which are expert in advocacy for low-income communities, may need to
concentrate more on litigation, thereby creating a need for more law school
clinical programs and pro bono business attorneys to handle a greater number of
transactional cases. Presently there are about eighteen law school legal clinics
engaged in varying degrees in CED work. There are, however, only a few that
provide ongoing small business legal assistance.  n44

    While new clinics, such as AIDS/HIV and domestic violence, resulted from
specific public crises,  n45 the genesis of transactional pro-  [*206]  grams
stems from two factors: the failure of the litigation paradigm to eradicate
poverty and the need to broaden the clinical curriculum.  n46 Early CED programs
grew out of clinical work with the homeless and representing tenants.
Recognizing that homeless people had no place to go, the solution was to
facilitate affordable housing by assisting nonprofit housing developers. Poverty
law teachers who were pessimistic about the efficacy of litigation strategies to
address persistent poverty also saw CED work as an important new area.  n47

    Other incentives for these programs were available funding, community needs,
student interest and activism, faculty resources and creativity, and a
reassessment of some of the goals of clinical legal education. Some students
interested in corporate law were (and continue to be) drawn to the social
justice mission of legal clinical programs and also sought to use their business
skills in practical context.  n48 Accordingly, small business clinics emerged in
part to broaden the clinic experience to include transactional work and attract
students with business skills to clinic, include business perspectives in
clinical work, and to bridge the gap between the clinical and traditional
academic curricula.  n49

    There are also a number of other probable reasons for the advent of small
business clinic programs. First, is the availability of grant funds from the
U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) to fund the programs.  n50 Second,
stemming from the Civil Rights movement, is the emergence of small business loan
programs to assist minority entrepreneurs which has resulted in a viable client
population.  n51 Third, nu-  [*207]  merous federal programs such as Empowerment
Zones and Enterprise Communities, Community Development Financial Institutions,
the Community Reinvestment Act, SBA, and nonprofit microenterprise groups, all
of which provide loans and technical assistance to persons who traditionally
have not had access to capital, have facilitated self-employment efforts.  n52
Fourth, welfare reform has heightened the discussion of self-employment.  n53


   II. The Unique Benefits of Small Business Clinics to the Goals of Clinical
Legal Education

 Small business and CED clinics have enjoyed a rapid growth in law schools.
Pragmatic and financial reasons have motivated the development of these clinics
in part. But they must be justifed in the clinical community on the basis that
they reflect the fundamental values of skills and activism that provide the
foundations of clinical legal education. This section uses The George Washington
University Small Business Clinic to examine and analyze the benefits of these
transactional clinics in teaching students basic skills, exploring lawyers'
roles and exposing them to legal injustices in contrast to traditional clinics.
Small business clinics contribute to skills training in ways that are similar to
the ways traditional clinics contribute. Students engage with live clients and
apply lawyering skills. Interaction with real clients has always been a unique
feature of clinical legal education's methods in exploring attorneys' roles,
i.e., the nature of the attorney-client relationship as well as the
responsibility of lawyers to eliminate injustice. Small business clinics play a
unique role in exploring attorneys' roles by enlivening questions on whether the
attorney-client relationship can or should be an egalitarian one and confronting
students with uncommon views and visions of poor people as competent and
empowered. Small business clinics also highlight the need for the concept of
attorneys' roles to be expanded into areas of client education and
interdisciplinary activism. Initially one might think that a transactional
skills clinic would not encourage the development of post graduate activism in
students because they could and would use these skills in the service of
well-to-do clients when they become lawyers. In fact, however, such clinics do
motivate students to engage in pro bono and  [*208]  activist work as an
integral part of their professional careers.


   A. The George Washington Small Business Clinic

 Nationally, there are only a few small business clinical programs. The George
Washington University Small Business Clinic (GW Clinic) in Washington, D.C.,
established in 1977, is an example of the oldest. It was established initially
with a grant from the GW Office of Experimental Programs, and later received
partial funding from the SBA through its SBDC Program.  n54 The GW Clinic is the
legal services subcenter of the Washington D.C. Small Business Development
Center, which is administered by the Howard University School of Business
(Howard University).  n55 Through referrals from Howard University, Community
Development Corporations (CDCs)  n56 the SBA, Legal Services Corporation (LSC)
field offices, and other law school clinics, the GW Clinic has provided legal
counseling, advice and representation to entrepreneurs such as caterers, vintage
stores, antique dealers and consignment shops, computer consultants, barbers,
massage therapists, beauticians, book publishers, and other entrepreneurs, many
of whom are low-income or minorities.

    As a subcenter of the Howard University Small Business Development Center,
the GW Clinic is part of the Small Business Administration (SBA), Small Business
Development Center (SBDC) program.  n57 The SBDC program of the SBA started in
1977 as a pilot  [*209]  program and was made permanent in 1980. This program
provides counseling, training, and specialized support assistance to the small
business community.  n58 This national program is implemented at the state and
local level through 935 subcenters and fifty-six Small Business Development
Centers. The program's purpose is to provide technical assistance to improve the
economic viability of small businesses in areas such as accounting, business
planning, financing, and related start-up or expansion matters. The objective of
the SBDC program is to leverage federal funds with state, academic and private
sector resources to strengthen the small business community, contribute to the
economic growth of the communities served, create a broader based delivery
system to the small business community, and make assistance available to more
small businesses than is possible with present federal funds.  n59

    SBDCs receive funding from the SBA in the form of annual grants. To be
eligible for a SBDC grant, centers must provide an equal matching amount from
non-federal funds which is at least fifty percent cash and not more than fifty
percent indirect costs and in kind contributions.  n60 The GW Clinic serves as a
subcenter and provides legal assistance in such areas as determining the choice
of legal entity or best legal structure. These legal structures include
corporations, partnerships, limited liability companies and sole
proprietorships. The GW Clinic also assists clients with other legal business
start-up issues including licensing, contracts, tax, employment, trademark and
copyright law.

    Although some of the GW Clinic's clients are low-income, others are working
or middle class.  n61 This range of clients also provides unique opportunities
to explore issues of class and poverty; and sometimes challenges students'
notions about "who is poor."

    Some clients are involved in part-time businesses, others are engaged
full-time in the enterprises. Typically, a new entrepreneur seeks counseling
about the appropriate choice of legal entity and the tax  [*210]  consequences
of the available choices, information about licenses and permits that may be
needed to operate the business, contracts, insurance, and protecting the
company's intellectual property such as its name and logo. These
microentrepreneurs cannot afford to pay for legal assistance in the start-up
phase. They would have probably foregone legal help or engaged in legal
self-help.  n62 Similarly, the organizers of nonprofit organizations generally
request legal help with incorporating, obtaining federal and state tax exemption
and licenses to engage in fund raising solicitations. By providing assistance
with business structures and other legal issues affecting small businesses, the
GW Clinic provides assistance that is essential to their survival.

    To better accommodate nonprofit client representation, The GW Community
Economic Development Project (CEDP) began in 1992 with a demonstration grant
from the Legal Services Corporation. It provides valuable legal assistance and
educational materials to individuals and groups that support self-help
empowerment initiatives for low-income people in areas such as self-employment,
job creation, affordable housing, employment and business opportunities,
revitalization of commercial districts and other neighborhood needs. CED clients
have included nonprofit organizations engaged in microenterprise, job training,
and community building through initiatives such as local currency and
neighborhood bartering systems.  n63

    CEDP cases are referred from community groups and through community outreach
efforts such as the Community and Economic Development Forum (CED Forum), which
was sponsored by the GW Clinic and held at the Law School in the fall of 1992.
n64 This conference brought together prominent local community activists, staff
and board members of community development corporations and community-based
organizations, bankers, and academics in an effort to identify the different
ways in which a legal clinic could best serve the  [*211]  community.  n65 In
this way, the CED Forum became an important vehicle for learning about community
needs and educating the community about the resources of the GW Clinic.

    The work of the GW Clinic has emerged over time. Initially, and largely due
to the high case volume requirements of grant funding, much emphasis was placed
on representing individual clients, partnerships and closely held corporations.
Gradually, case numbers have been reduced to enhance the pedagogical structure
of the program and client services, reassess priorities and respond to funding
limitations.  n66 Despite the reduced number of cases, as the GW Clinic became
better known in the community through outreach efforts and participation in
community business development activities, the areas of representation were
expanded.  n67 The GW Clinic now provides representation in three areas: (1) for
profit small businesses; (2) group community economic development; and (3)
for-profit artists and nonprofit arts organizations, many of which further the
goals of CEDP representation.  n68


   i. Client Profiles

 In order to highlight how transactional lawyering can benefit microbusiness
development while providing rich educational experiences for students, this
section provides a sampling of client profiles. These profiles also illuminate
how such clients contribute to social change and economic justice in communities
served by law school clinics.  [*212]

    a. The Glass Business.  n69 On Josh Brown's first day of intake, Mr. Smith,
a "walk-in" client, came to the GW Clinic seeking immediate legal help. Mr.
Smith, and his business partner, Mr. Jones, had just found office space in a
small industrial park in Anacostia.  n70 They wanted a lawyer to review the
lease and the corporate document they had filed on their own.

    Josh, a third year law student, was excited by the clients' enthusiasm for
this new venture and by the fact that it was his first client interview in role
as a lawyer. During client interviews, Josh learned that Mr. Smith was a fifty
year old African American man who was born in South Carolina. In 1963 he joined
the Jobs Corps  n71 and was trained as an electrician. Thirteen years later,
after holding several jobs and becoming a glazier's apprentice, he moved to
Washington, D.C. His business partner, Mr. Jones, was a forty-two year old
native Washingtonian who completed high school, a basic welding course and a
glazier's apprenticeship program that was organized by the local department of
employment service. Messieurs Smith and Jones met while working for the same
glass company. Although this was a new business, the clients, who were both
licensed glaziers, had over thirty years experience collectively in the glass
business. Throughout the semester, Josh learned how crucial interviewing skills
were to the effective practice of law. Clients sometimes fail to divulge
relevant information needed by the lawyer. This can occur for a variety of
reasons: because the client does not realize the importance of the information,
because the lawyer failed to ask relevant questions or listen to the client's
response, or because the client does not fully trust the lawyer.  n72 For
example, Josh learned after the fact, that the client had  [*213]  already
signed the lease agreement that Mr. Smith requested Josh review. Josh learned
from this experience and began to ask follow-up questions to get all of the
information required to fully represent his clients.  n73

    In formal case supervision meetings and in many other office conversations
and client consultations, Josh and I identified the other legal issues requiring
immediate attention. In addition to applying for a certificate of occupancy for
the business, the company needed to amend the articles of incorporation filed as
a non-stock (nonprofit) corporation in Maryland so that it could operate as a
"for profit company."  n74 Next, the company needed to register the Maryland
corporation to transact business in the District of Columbia, the location of
its principal office. Corporate by-laws had to be drafted along with the
shareholder agreement between the two owners. An organization meeting of the
corporation had to be held, and stock issued. Josh observed that these tasks
proved very educational; in his law school classes, professors and students
speak to each other using legal language, however, Josh was challenged by
explaining fairly complicated legal concepts and making them understandable to
his lay clients. Josh began to understand the skills involved in educating
clients and how crucial these skills, which are rarely stressed in conventional
law school classes, are for transactional lawyers.

    As the semester progressed, Josh began to comprehend the unique
characteristics of a transactional small business practice, including regulatory
hurdles small business entrepreneurs such as Messieurs Smith and Jones face in
trying to set up the legal framework for their businesses. Josh spent hours
preparing local tax forms and applications for certificates and permits.

    The glass company had to meet certain regulatory requirements. For example,
working with individual consumers would require a home improvement contractor's
license and a home improvement salesperson's license.  n75 To comply with local
consumer laws, a prerequisite to gaining the license, the business had to seek
approval by the  [*214]  D.C. Department of Consumer and Regulatory Affairs of a
form contract with a 3-day cooling off period.  n76 The location of the business
in an enterprise zone made the business eligible for zone designation as a small
and disadvantaged business whose "ability to compete in the free enterprise
system has been impaired due to diminished capital and credit opportunities" as
compared to others in the same or similar line of business and competitive
market area that are not socially disadvantaged.  n77 To address these issues,
we had to learn more about the clients. Josh did this by visiting the clients'
business location and conducting additional interviews.

    One hundred and twenty clinic hours and two course credits later, Josh
completed the legal work for the glass company which gained contracts for new
jobs and was constantly bidding on new work. With a legal structure and small
and disadvantaged certification now in place, Messrs. Jones and Smith can devote
more time to developing their neighborhood business.  n78

   b. Party Decorating. Tanya Ryan, a young African American woman, part-time
sole proprietor, and recovering drug abuser, learned about the GW Clinic at a
class she attended at a community-based microenterprise program. In need of
contracts for her party decorating business, she sought legal help from the GW
Clinic. The student attorney, Frank Cho, a second year law student, drafted a
service contract between the decorating business and its clients. This required
extensive discussions with Ms. Ryan about how her business operates. Does Ms.
Ryan preview the location she has been engaged to decorate in advance of
performing the work? Does the facility have restrictions about how decorations
can be attached to the interior structure? Are the materials used fire
retardant? Frank also investigated ways of protecting the unique logo and slogan
for Ms. Ryan's enterprise.

    Frank learned the practical application of contract law principles to
contract drafting. He came to appreciate contract drafting as a special kind of
legal writing. He also saw its relevance to business transactions and the
importance of understanding the nature of the underlying business transaction
and the client's goals and objectives.  n79  [*215]

    In analyzing the contract and intellectual property tasks of this
representation, Frank was challenged in case supervision and client meetings to
deal with his biases and assumptions about who can and should be a small
business owner, and the importance of small business development to a larger
community economic strategy. Questions abound. There are no easy answers. Is
microenterprise development a valuable CED strategy? Can a recovering drug
addict really succeed at running a small business? Can she serve as a role model
in her community? What does it take to become an entrepreneur? What supports
might she need? What is the lawyer's role in identifying other support systems?
Is legal help enough?

    While grappling with these queries, Frank and I observed that Ms. Ryan had
an impressive portfolio of jobs she had completed for weddings, birthdays and
other special events. With legal assistance from the GW Clinic, she was free to
focus on her creative work. Her imagination for new designs flourished, and her
enthusiasm, pride and dignity taught us about the boundless human capacity
unleashed by a highly motivated entrepreneurial spirit.  n80

   c. The Barnabas Self Employment Fund. In December 1992, the organizer and
coordinator for the Barnabas Self-Employment Fund, contacted the GW Clinic after
learning about it from a corporate and tax law professor at the GW Law School
who participated in the GW Clinic's CED Forum.  n81 The GW Clinic students
performed the legal work necessary to start Barnabas, a pilot project of Jubilee
Jobs, Inc.

    Jubilee Jobs is a nonprofit employment service which locates entry level
jobs for the inner-city poor, the homeless, recovering substance abusers,
ex-offenders, and recent immigrants. Since 1981, Jubilee Jobs has placed over
6000 persons in permanent employment. Nevertheless, most of these jobs pay only
minimum wage and individuals and families are still struggling to survive.  n82
The Barnabas Self-Employment Fund was founded to help inner-city residents
supplement their family income by providing limited credit, business training
and moral collateral through a peer group lending model. As the first nonprofit
microenterprise development program in D.C.,  n83 Barnabas  [*216]  helps people
with small incomes and no access to commercial credit to open very small
businesses. This type of self-employment is viewed by Barnabas as a means for
developing economic self-sufficiency.

    Participants must undergo thirty hours of business training, during which
they are taught marketing, record keeping, accounting and other business skills.
After completion of the training, they are eligible for an initial loan of $
500. Loans are made on a "stepped up" basis increasing to a maximum of $ 2000
with a six month to one year repayment schedule for each loan.

    The participants organize themselves into loan groups or "borrowing
communities" comprised of five persons who each have their own business and
agree to provide mutual support and responsibility for each member. A person
desiring to receive a loan makes a presentation to the group and if the group
approves the loan, the group is obligated on the loan thereby establishing moral
collateral for the loan. In addition, the borrowing community must be certified
by Barnabas that they have learned borrowing and repayment rules. The peer
lending group then meets every two weeks to give each other personal and
business support, review new loan applications, make weekly loan payments, and
to contribute to a "rainy day" fund. This fund is a savings account to be used
for loan repayment in an emergency.

    The legal work for Barnabas resulted in an extensive semester-long project,
involved twelve clinic students and included an analysis of numerous legal
issues and regulations. These included: federal tax exemption laws; legal
requirements for establishing a microloan fund, such as the regulatory
requirement of a D.C. Money Lender License; types of licenses and permits needed
for the microbusinesses such as ambulatory vending licenses; review of contracts
between lender and borrowers; an analysis of alternative dispute resolution
mechanisms (mediation and arbitration) for the lending groups; an analysis of
the local small claims court; and the availability of federal and local waivers
for loan recipients enrolled in public entitlement programs.  n84 Once
established as a program of Jubilee Jobs and having secured its money lender
license, the program joined the ranks of over 500 other programs across the
country providing new opportunities for economic self-sufficiency.  n85  [*217]

    d. SINGA - Thread of Life

   "We keep telling the kids if they can dream it, they can have it, but the
community does not provide the resources and necessary experiences to make it a
reality."  n86

    SINGA, which also means "thread of life" in a language of The Democratic
Republic of the Congo, East Africa, formerly known as Zaire, is a clothing
manufacturing, merchandising and entrepreneurial training program that provides
hands-on experiences for students, inner city youth-at-risk and economically and
emotionally disadvantaged people who are interested in the fashion industry as
employees or entrepreneurs.

    When the group consulted the GW Clinic, it had already filed its articles of
incorporation. After an interview, however, student lawyers determined that it
needed bylaws, organization minutes, and federal and state tax exemption, as
well as a license to solicit funds. The GW Clinic students also taught the
client about fiduciary legal responsibilities, and educated the group about how
to operate as a nonprofit tax exempt-organization.

    SINGA was created based on the recognition that people love doing what
interests them, and that persons alienated from society such as high school
dropouts and the unemployed have hidden talents and strengths which need to be
nurtured. SINGA's founder, a teacher, fashion producer and designer, is a
resident of Washington's Shaw neighborhood. She is passionate about the
organization and has a clear vision of its need in the community.  n87 Having
secured federal tax exemption, SINGA will satisfy an identified need for a
community-based apparel production and management training program that offers
professional options for hands-on experience in the multifaceted, technically
advanced fashion industry.

    Designed as a two-year training course, SINGA also will offer opportunities
for networking and participation in the cottage industry, private industry,
options for self-employment and marketable job skills. While teaching students
the academic, technical and skill components of sewing, cutting fabric,
designing apparel, and marketing finished products, SINGA also will foster the
development of positive  [*218]  attitudes, self-esteem and professional
protocol. SINGA emphasizes the importance of higher education, discourages early
teen pregnancy, highlights the need for interdisciplinary job skills, emphasizes
basic math, reading, writing and verbal skills, and encourages creativity, sales
ability and initiative. Currently in the process of building its board of
directors, SINGA's goal is to increase economic participation and productivity
for inner-city youth and other low-income people.


   B. Small Business Clinics' Contribution to Skills Training and Attorney Role
Development

 Business start-up practice requires three principal kinds of legal skills: 1)
client interviewing and counseling, 2) drafting and 3) client education.  n88 In
addition, this legal area provides special opportunities for exploring distinct
lawyering roles and models as well as the benefits of interdisciplinary
collaborations.

    Every year a million new businesses are established. Perhaps one-third of
these are started with the help of a lawyer. While entrepreneurs are given
special attention in American business culture, business start-up lawyers are
not. Despite this unequal publicity, business start-up practice is fast becoming
as distinct a specialization as tax or environmental law. Lawyers for new
business start-ups need to know close corporation law because ninety-seven
percent of start-up businesses are close corporations.  n89 The choices of legal
entity have changed with the advent of limited liability companies and limited
liability partnerships. Fifty states and the District of Columbia now have
limited liability statutes and many small businesses are choosing this entity
form over partnerships and closely held corporations.  n90 In addition to
examining choice of entity issues and the legal and tax implications of the
choices, lawyers for small businesses must be familiar with employment, real
estate, environmental, intellectual property, contract, commercial, and estate
planning laws and regulations, and laws relevant to particular lines of
business.  n91

    Nonprofit corporations, even though they are not often thought of as small
businesses, must be operated as small businesses. They are subject to most laws
affecting small businesses such as employment laws and employer tax withholdings
from employees' earnings and re-  [*219]  quire substantial legal assistance.
n92

    In this setting students learn a range of skills that are shared with
students in traditional clinics. Students learn the skills and judgments
involved in working with individual clients and providing group representation
in client interviewing and counseling, negotiation, legal drafting, research and
writing, alternative dispute resolution and professional responsibility.
Students also receive instruction in the substantive doctrinal areas of
corporations, limited liability companies, partnerships, tax, contracts,
nonprofit, and intellectual property law. These lawyering skills and substantive
doctrine are taught in case supervision meetings, individual client/student
meetings, and in two hour weekly seminars.

    While all clinical programs teach interviewing and counseling skills, there
are unique characteristics and learning opportunities in a small business and
CED clinic. While the process of gathering information in litigation and
transactions is similar, the kind of information gathered is different.
Transactional lawyers gather information for proposed deals, assess the
feasibility of the transaction taking into account legal, business and practical
considerations, and draft legal instruments to accomplish the business client's
goals. In order to accomplish the client's goals, students must learn about the
business from their clients.  n93

    In some clinic contexts, the student approaches the case with a cavalier
attitude of "I know what the client wants." Students feel comfortable assuming
the needs of cardboard clients even when faced with real live clients.  n94 This
may include social security benefits or acquittal in a criminal case. Students
can easily assume that in entitlement cases clients want more money and in
criminal cases they want freedom. Other goals or needs a client may have - a
permanent job, a reliable source of respect or dignity, a sense of purpose in
life - are not easily obtainable through the traditional adversarial legal
system. The traditional lawyer identifies and solves the client's problem.
Transactional lawyering also requires problem solving skills, nuanced by the
balance of client education skills (explaining the law to the client), client
listening skills (learning about the business from the client) as well as the
practical experience to help the client assess legal and business options. For
example, Josh, the student who worked with the glass business, had to use and
learn about interviewing and counselling skills as a traditional clinic student
would, but he was forced to  [*220]  ask specific questions about his clients'
business and their goals.Was the business located in an enterprise zone? What
was the exact nature of his clients' business? Answers dictate the different
rules and regulations that would affect the attainment of the clients' goals. An
abstract business client would not suffice to allow Josh to do his job.

    The transactional context that causes students to confront and interact with
their clients in more complex and detailed ways than is often required in
traditional clinics raises questions for students about the attorney-client
relationship. Traditional clinics have historically raised questions about the
ability for clients to enage with lawyers in an egalitarian way. Imagining and
creating relationships that in any way approximate such egalitarianism, however,
can be difficult for students in the criminal and entitlement context where
clients are in disempowering situations that encourage students (and lawyers
generally) to see themselves as saviors. The small business context involves
unique opportunities to challenge these perceptions. Several students were
overwhelmed by mature and sophisticated business clients and questioned their
professional role. They asked questions such as: "Who am I to counsel this
federal retiree who could be my father and who has been operating a convention
planning business for 3 years? I don't know anything about convention planning?
The client knows so much more than I do? How can I be helpful?" When Josh
interacted with his clients who started the glass business he was a
twenty-something year old counseling men with thirty years combined experience
in welding and glass making. The students who interacted with Jaqueline Hart,
the founder of SINGA-Thread Of Life, confronted a multitalented woman who is a
teacher and fashion designer, producer and marketer as well as small business
entrepreneur. In these instances the carefully supervised students were able to
examine their discomfort and explore ways to overcome their anxieties.  n95

    Students in small business clinics are challenged by their relationship with
their clients because not all are "poor" in the ways that clients in traditional
clinics typically are. Unlike some litigation clinics, a number of the clients
have backgrounds and experiences very similar to those of the students.  n96 The
student's ability or inability to identify  [*221]  with the clients raises
interesting questions about the process of professional development.  n97 Where
experiences are similar, students can bring special expertise to clients. For
example, a law student who operated his own advertising business and who was
soon to be married, consulted with a client, a photographer and part-time
college student. The photographer had been sued in Small Claims Court for breach
of contract involving a wedding photography job. The irate bride and groom
alleged that the photographer missed important wedding shots and that the
photographs were poorly taken. The photographer alleged that her view was often
obstructed during the wedding ceremony and the reception. The student had
experience with small claims court proceedings stemming from his advertising
business and had recently consulted wedding photographers personally. The
student redrafted the service contract which the photographer had written
herself so that the photographer could avoid future contractual problems. The
student learned that drafting a contract requires more than simply consulting a
form book; he learned how critical it is to understand the client's business
from her perspective and experience.  n98 His personal business experience
enhanced his professional role. These issues of professional role were explored
during case supervision.  n99 The questions raised by the more detailed
interaction students must have with clients in the transactional setting are
heightened by the more complex client education student lawyers must provide.
Students often identify a discomfort with the boundaries between legal advice
and business judgment. New student lawyers, lacking practical business
experience, grapple with explaining complex legal principles to clients such as
the differences between S corporations and C corporations and how these entities
differ from limited liability companies or other entities such as partnerships.
Business lawyers will often be called on to ask "mixed law-and-business
questions" or to develop a practical plan of action based on the  [*222]
lawyer's assessment of the facts and the law.  n100

    In addition to learning interviewing and counseling skills such as
fact-gathering, investigation and factual analysis, the GW Clinic students
confront their need for self-education in order to perform client education.
Students were able to broaden their understanding of the critical nature of
interviewing and counseling but they also learned the need to screen and refer
more complex cases to specialized attorneys, for example, through the GW
Clinic's coordination with a bar association computer law outreach program  n101

    In keeping with the social justice mission of many clinical programs,  n102
students are exposed to the chasm created by economic differences. In working
with economically disadvantaged clients, students have to assess their notions
about poverty, class, access to legal services, who could or should start small
businesses and what it takes to be an entrepreneur. Frank Cho who worked with
Tanya Ryan who had established a party decorating company had to confront his
biases about poor people. Frank met Ms. Ryan, a recovering drug addict, not in
the context of a criminal case where he might be trying to find her a suitable
drug program and hope that she had the psychic and spiritual wherewithal to
combat her addiction, but rather in the context of Ms. Ryan's successful battle
against addiction and establishment as a model in her community. When confronted
with Ms. Ryan's portfolio of jobs performed well, a student such as Frank has to
rethink notions about the possibilities for and capabilities of people  [*223]
in disadvantaged situations. The GW Clinic's middle class clients and
economically disadvantaged clients both lack access to legal services, yet given
equal access to capital and sound legal small business advice, their prognosis
for success is similar.


   C. Small Business Clinics' Role in Expanding Notions of Attorneys' Roles Into
Client Education and Activism

 Small business and CED clinics also provide other educational opportunities to
explore dimensions of professionalism which have been discussed in legal
literature. Law students must understand a range of lawyering roles in order to
identify which role is most valuable to the client, and to ascertain the role
with which counsel is comfortable. These themes include lawyering roles as
counselor and planner, as well as types of lawyer-advocates including regnant,
rebellious, critical, facilitative and collaborative.  n103 For clinical legal
education with the goals of professional role development coupled with the
[*224]  goal of activism against injustice the lawyer-advocate roles of
rebellious, critical, facilitative and collaborative are especially key. These
are lawyering roles that embody varying degrees of lawyer involvement in
supporting or assisting clients and communities in taking control and effecting
positive change. All of these roles involve students in client education, an
underated skill, even in the context of traditional lawyering, that in activist
contexts expands into creative community education approaches as well.

    A seminal concept in the legal literature about lawyering for subordinated
individuals and groups is the notion of rebellious lawyering. Rebellious
lawyering (also known as critical lawyering) seeks to empower subordinated
clients and questions whether legal intervention is good for the client's
material existence.  n104 Rebellious lawyering is juxtaposed to regnant (or
traditional) lawyering. Regnant lawyering reflects the traditional paradigm of
the preeminent problem solver, formally representing others primarily in a
litigation setting.  n105 Utilizing the critical lawyering approach, a strategy
for simplifying the regulatory small business maze might be to organize the
microbusiness community and transform the law that impedes microbusiness
development.  n106 Another critical lawyering perspective might expand the
strategy to include policy makers and alliances within a broader business
community such as the chamber of commerce and the board of trade.

    Although critical lawyering is often synonymous with rebellious lawyering,
the transactional experience facilitates an expanded and enhanced view of
critical lawyering to encompass collaborative and facilitative lawyering.
Although some social change activists view critical lawyering as the pinnacle,
other lawyering roles and models such  [*225]  as collaborative and facilitative
lawyering are also instructive in the context of teaching small business and
CED.  n107

    Collaborative lawyering includes interdisciplinary efforts, values
diversity, and recognizes client education to promote self-sufficiency and
reduce reliance on lawyers. Collaborative lawyering recognizes that lawyers are
outsiders to client communities and that their status interferes with client
autonomy. Therefore, the lawyer strives to become an insider, diminishing the
distinction between lawyer and lay person. This aspect of collaborative
lawyering is an essential part of rebellious lawyering. By being intensely
involved in the client's work, the lawyer attempts to help politicize the
client's effort.  n108 Collaborative lawyering also informs lawyers' work in
cross-cultural and interdisciplinary contexts. Collaboration allows for the
development of shared ideas that are emergent; it is a process that makes
maximum use of the experiences and knowledge of the collaborators, cherishes
difference and recognizes that conflict can be valuable and constructive.  n109

    Facilitative lawyering, recognizing lawyers' time and ability limitations,
emphasizes client autonomy and involves working on client-defined legal issues
in the role of general corporate counsel. The facilitative lawyering model
recognizes that the client may not want the lawyer to do more than provide legal
advice and the lawyer may not be able to do more.

    The Business Law Journal of the American Bar Association reports that client
education skills  n110 are most overlooked by lawyers. Yet, these skills are
particularly important when the clients are low-skilled or not formally
educated. In the context of providing client education, critical lawyering in
the expanded form discussed above dictates the use of nonpaternalistic client
empowerment strategies, the demystification of the administrative business
start-up processes such as obtaining a business license as well as tax
compliance matters and identifying the questions to ask to obtain goods and
services for the business.  n111  [*226]

    Although client education skills are important in an attorney's small
business practice, the transactional context may be the purist legal environment
for using critical lawyering skills because of the relative equality between
lawyer and client. Unlike criminal law, housing eviction defense and similar
legal contexts, small business clients are not dependent on the lawyer for a
liberty or shelter interest. Therefore, it is arguable that the lawyer-client
power imbalance is minimized in the transactional business setting.

    The GW Clinic's representation of Hermanas Unidas, a grassroots leadership
development and education organization of immigrant Latina Women in the D.C.
metropolitan area provides an example of collaborative lawyering wherein the
lawyer must act as an educator while striving to reduce the lawyer's status as
outsider in order to provide clients' with needed information and respecting the
clients' knowledge and autonomy.  n112 Members of Hermanas Unidas are immigrant
women who having experienced domestic violence at some point in their lives,
have come together to educate one another and organize to enhance the lives of
Latino families. Organized in 1991, Hermanas Unidas currently has a six member
board of directors and is a program of Ayuda, Inc., a twenty year-old
community-based agency which provides legal advocacy, empowerment and
educational services for low-income Latino and foreign-born families in
metropolitan Washington, D.C.  n113

    The GW Clinic students counseled Hermanas Unidas about a variety of
nonprofit organization legal issues and provided legal advice on fiduciary
responsibilities, legal long-range planning and organization strategies, goals
and objectives, and fund raising. After years of existence as a program within a
larger organization, Hermanas Unidas wanted to explore its legal options for
self-sufficiency. Was it ready to become a separate legal entity? How would it
accomplish this? What are the legal requirements? What are the advantages and
disadvantages of creating a new organization? The GW Clinic's extensive
experience with representing many types of community based organizations enabled
it to identify other legal resources and strategies, provide creative and
practical legal advice and counseling "with" Hermanas Unidas.

    The GW Clinic's work with Hermanas Unidas also exemplifies how collaborative
work between legal clinics and clinical law faculty  [*227]  in different law
schools can benefit clients, students and the teaching and public service goals
of the academy. The GW Clinic undertook the representation after consulting with
the co-founder of Hermanas Unidas, Professor Stacy Brustin of Catholic
University Law School, whose advocacy for domestic violence survivors resulted
in the formation of Hermanas Unidas. Hermanas Unidas also illuminates the
benefits of peer counseling in which clients gain confidence from the shared
experience of others.

    Hermanas Unidas taught the GW Clinic students about the power of grassroots
community based-organizations and the roles of lawyers in working with these
organizations. Moreover, the students, working in teams of two, were challenged
by having to translate language (from English to Spanish) and legal culture
(from legal concept into basic lay language).  n114 Privileged to learn from the
power of Hermanas Unidas, law students will be able to share this peer
empowerment model with other clients; they also learned about the benefits of
multidisciplinary approaches to social problems and expanded their notion of
legal representation.

    The GW Clinic students also experienced facilitative lawyering both in
responding to specific clients who had a clear sense of the legal issues they
needed addressed as well as in responding to community needs on specific issues
that can be written and disseminated to a broad range of unidentified "clients."
The Barnabas Self-Employment Fund provides an example of the facilitative lawyer
as educator. Barnabas was a pilot project of Jubilee Jobs which already had a
ten year history in the community. The organizer and coordinator had experience
with Jubilee and an idea of what would be needed for the new related project.
The GW Clinic students taught classes on contracts, insurance, license and
bonding to microenterprise program participants. Because most of the Barnabas
participants were low-income and persons who were not formally educated, it had
to require that all materials be understandable to persons educated below the
eighth grade. Students were challenged to identify ways to teach the concepts
they were learning themselves to others in simple and non-hierarchical ways. One
student teaching team chose to prepare a videotape discussion of a contract,
while another team found simple form contracts to use in teaching the class and
explained important provisions.

    The creation of Help with Housing: A Guide to Affordable Housing Resources
in D.C. is another dimension of the facilitative lawyer as educator. This
publication, a first of its kind, contains a list of commu-  [*228]  nity
development corporations, nonprofit housing developers and other housing
resources for low-to-moderate income District residents.  n115 The GW Clinic
students interviewed community leaders to obtain the data for this book. In so
doing, they became "resource builders" and they learned valuable information
about the local communities from which their client's hailed.  n116


   D. Small Business Clinics' Impact in Motivating Interdisciplinary Work for
Community Development

 The GW Clinic's expansion of the notion of critical lawyering leads to greater
connections with non-legal members of both the academic and lay communities.
With its focus on the complex needs of live clients, students in the small
business context are better able to take a true problem-solving approach. The
student-attorney in this legal context already must draw from business
principles, thereby making it easier to be open to collaboration on any number
of levels.  [*229]  This interdisciplinary focus resonates with a similar
movement in other university settings. The role of collaboration is increasing
among law faculty and other professionals and schools within the university such
as architecture, city planning, business, social work, medicine and psychology.
Interdisciplinary collaborations are critical for helping subordinated
communities and can be an essential part of critical lawyering.

    The GW Clinic has been engaged in an interdisciplinary collaboration with
the GW School of Business and Public Management. This small business support
project developed because we recognized the limitations of a legal clinic in
assisting small businesses with other issues such as marketing and business
planning.

    In the fall of 1992 seven small business clinic students were teamed with
pairs of graduate business school students to work with selected small business
clients.  n117 The genesis of this program was two-fold. Although, we could
identify, plan for and accomplish many of our clients' legal goals, our clients
had non-legal needs that we could not handle but from which we could learn such
as advertising and strategic business planning. Moreover, we could better serve
our clients by understanding aspects of their business needs. Business attorneys
are encouraged to understand how their clients' businesses operate in order to
properly analyze and evaluate their legal needs.  n118 There is often no bright
line rule to delineate business issues from legal issues.  n119

    The primary goals of this project were: to expand the law students'
understanding of the business needs of entrepreneurs, to engage in a strategic
interdisciplinary collaborative learning effort, to aid client service delivery
by linking them with MBA degree students and the specialized resources of GW
University's business school, and to facilitate mutual intellectual exchange.

    An example of the benefits of this collaboration involved a small copying
and duplication business. Owned by new immigrants, the business needed help with
advertising and marketing after a large chain competitor moved into the area.
Before the presence of the large chain store, our client was the only photocopy
and duplication service in their neighborhood. The graduate business school
students tackled the business plan and marketing strategies. The law students
[*230]  assigned to the case conducted legal research and counseled the client
about issues relevant to their existing partnership. The students also
researched the implications of dissolving the partnership and advised the
clients about the advantages and disadvantages of incorporating, as well as
other matters such as contracts and regulatory issues.

    The law and graduate business students met several times during the semester
to confer, discuss their projects and meet with the clients, usually at the
clients' business. At the end of the semester, the graduate business students
made oral presentations to the clients about their final work products which
were usually business plans, marketing or advertising strategies. The law
students participated in these presentations; given the confidential nature of
legal counseling, however, legal discussions took place in individual meetings
with the clients.  n120

    As a result of this joint effort, the client received a business plan and
concrete marketing assistance which helped them to redirect their business to
hidden local markets, such as neighborhood churches. The clients adopted the
recommendations of the business students and used the new logo they designed.
With legal help from law students and the business students, this local business
continues to thrive.


   E. Small Business Clinics' Ability to Promote Future Activism

 Small business and CED clinics provide students with transactional legal skills
that can translate into future professional opportunities in a corporate
context. Pedagogically for those students who are not interested in a career in
litigation, small business and CED clinics provide an alternative vision of
work. In addition, CED clinics provide a model that the students can use to
recognize and combat injustices throughout their careers as lawyers. These
transactional clinics provide this kind of motivation as do traditional clinics.

    Small business and CED clinics are affirming for many students  [*231]  who
are not interested in a litigation or administrative clinic or who want
additional experience outside of litigation. The unique nature of a small
business clinical offering also helps them to distinguish themselves in the
legal marketplace. In addition, by giving students an overview of aspects of
corporate practice in the context of helping clients who are not wealthy or not
only profit oriented, small business clinics inspire and encourage them to
continue working with small businesses and nonprofits, as opposed to only the
wealthy corporate client, after law school.  n121 Students are exposed to these
options for transactional, nontraditional, and public interest law prior to
embarking on their legal careers and can use them thereafter. For example, in
the spring of 1996, five students worked with Community First, Inc., a local
nonprofit corporation directed by community leaders dedicated to alleviating the
severe lack of basic financial services in low-and moderate income
neighborhoods.  n122 On the Community First Project, students worked with the
organization's executive director, a lawyer formerly in private practice, and
were able to observe how one might use legal training in a nontraditional way.
Students also learned first hand about community development banks (CDBs), a new
and innovative CED strategy which supports entrepreneurship and community
development by extending credit to locally owned and operated businesses,
providing housing loans to low-and-moderate income community residents, and
grants to low-income housing developers.  n123 Students who worked with
Community First attended corporate board meetings and took corporate minutes,
analyzed U.S. Department of Treasury documents relevant to the CDBs and
researched lending patterns for the SBA's 504 loan program.  n124 Community
First will soon launch the first CDB in the District of Columbia and will have
offices in two low-income communities.  n125  [*232]


   III. Conclusion

 Small business and CED clinics are likely to increase in number in law school
programs. These programs represent positive developments for both poor and
underrepresented people in the communities served by legal clinics as well as
for the clinical legal education agenda of teaching skills, professional role
and exposure of injustice in the legal system. For the client populations, small
business and CED clinics provide much needed legal representation and support
for sustained change in urban communities. In addition to providing direct legal
representation, law school small business and CED clinics can assist legal
advocates and be valuable resources to other legal service providers.  n126

    Working with individual entrepreneurs improves whole communities. In
addition to providing goods and services, local entrepreneurs serve as important
role models.  n127 Indeed, community-based organizations and the federal
government are concentrating considerable efforts on entrepreneurship training.
As we approach the new millennium, the gap between the haves and the have-nots
is widening. America has developed from an industrial society into an
information economy. This nation's success increasingly will be measured by the
resources that will be made available to its less fortunate citizens. Small
business and CED clinics provide legal assistance to clients whose goals are
self-employment and poverty alleviation.

    Entrepreneurship is being fueled at many levels by various sources,
including the microenterprise development industry and federally sponsored
programs from HUD, SBA, and the Department of Treasury. These programs provide
small loans and technical assistance for microbusinesses. They are also part of
a larger CED strategy for re-energizing low-income communities. Self-employment
through microenterprise development is an economic, human, family and community
development strategy that has gained considerable attention in the last decade.
The self-employment movement also provides an important option for some of the
clients served by other legal clinics in areas such as public benefits, domestic
violence, and disability law.  [*233]

    Future trends show that additional attention will be given to small business
development because of corporate downsizing and outsourcing, and rapidly
advancing technologies which allow more people to work from home.  n128 For
example, in the last decade, the smallest businesses produced the most jobs and
women are now the fastest growing group of entrepreneurs.  n129

    All of these trends confirm that small business and CED clinics can serve
the activist portion of clinical legal education's mission. Students can become
critical lawyers and contribute to the problem-solving and educational needs of
their underrepresented clients and communities. And they can be inspired to
continue such activity into the future. As this article has shown, these
transactional clinics also serve the other goals of clinical legal education. At
the same time these clinics provide valuable experiential learning opportunities
and practical doctrinal knowledge to law students who develop legal skills,
learn about lawyering roles and theories that will inform their professional
judgments as reflective practitioners.  n130 Small business and CED clinics can
provide equally as rich contexts for teaching basic lawyering skills as do
traditional clinics. Moreover, as this article demonstrates, small business and
CED clinics provide even better opportunities than do traditional clinics for
students to struggle with the ramifications of different models of
attorney-client relationships and attorneys' professional roles. These positive
attributes of small business and CED clinics make them attractive and necessary
components for the future of legal education.

    To prepare law students for the future, law schools must devote more
attention to small business development. To this end, several law schools have
created programs in entrepreneurship and the law.  n131 There are two components
of this preparation. The first is to prepare lawyers to be entrepreneurs in the
business of law. The second is to prepare them to represent entrepreneurs.  n132
As clinicians and others  [*234]  in the legal community reflect on the future
of clinical legal education and legal services for the indigent, small business
and CED efforts will be significant contributors to social and economic justice
agendas.



Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsPublic ImprovementsCommunity RedevelopmentLegal EthicsPublic
ServicePublic Health & Welfare LawSocial ServicesEconomic Development

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  The Small Business Administration defines a small business as one that has
"fewer than 100 employees, is independently owned, locally operated, not
dominant in its field of operation, and grosses less than three million dollars
annually." 13 C.F.R. 121.501 (1996). The definition of a small business may also
be determined by other factors such as industry and number of employees. Small
businesses employed 54% of the private work force in 1994 and they produced 62%
of the 3.3 million new jobs created. The White House Conference on Small
Business Commission, Foundation for a New Century: a Report to Congress 47
(1995) [hereinafter The White House Conference Report].




n2.  Community Economic Development (CED) is a strategy that includes a wide
range of economic activities and programs. The concept of "economic development"
emerged in response to tenacious poverty and the need for jobs, affordable
housing, and other essentials for human existence. Central to the notion of
"community development" is the ability of people living in the same community to
work together to solve common problems. Community development is described as
being broader than economic development because it includes community building
and highlights improvement of community life beyond that which is purely
economic. Thus, the concept of community and economic development is inter and
intra-dependent. National Economic Development and Law Center, a Lawyers Manual
on Community-based Economic Development, I-1 to -3 (revised 1994) [hereinafter
Nedlc, Lawyers Manual]; see also Rachel D. Godsil & James S. Freeman, Jobs,
Trees, and Autonomy: The Convergence of the Environmental Justice Movement and
Community Economic Development, 5 Md. J. Contemp. L. Issues 25, 30 (1993/1994);
John Little & the National Economic Development and Law Center, Practicing
Community Corporate Law, Clearinghouse Rev., Nov. 1989, at 889 [hereinafter
Little]; Frank Pommersheim, Economic Development in Indian Country, What are the
Questions?, 12 Am. Indian L. Rev. 195, 202 (1987); Anthony D. Taibi, Banking,
Finance and Community Economic Empowerment: Structural Economic Theory,
Procedural Civil Rights and Substantive Racial Justice, 107 Harv. L. Rev. 1463
(1994) (examining the economic structures that produce substantive injustices
and supporting the need for a populist community empowerment economics and
public policy discourse).

   Although the terms low-income and poor are sometimes used synonymously in
this paper, I am compelled to highlight that low-income communities are very
rich in non-monetary resources. "Poverty is generally thought of as material
deprivation. However, the operational definition of poverty currently used in
the United States is restricted to money income. Poverty is defined by the
federal government as a range of income thresholds adjusted for the size of the
family, the age of the householders, and the number of children under age 18 in
the family. The absolute money-income thresholds are updated yearly on the basis
of the Consumer Price Index." National Association of Social Workers,
Encyclopedia of Social Work (Richard L. Edwards et al. eds., 19th ed. 1995). In
1995 there were 36.4 million poor people (13.8% of the total population) living
in the United States. See Eleanor Baugher and Leatha Lamison-white, U.S. Dept.
Of Commerce, Bureau of the Census, Current Population Reports 60-194 (1995).




n3.  A microenterprise is defined as "a sole proprietorship, partnership or
family business that has fewer than five employees, does not generally have
access to the commercial banking sector and can initially utilize a loan of
under $ 15,000." Self Employment Learning Project (SELP) of The Aspen Institute,
1996 Directory of U.S. Microenterprise Programs xii (1993) [hereinafter 1996
U.S. Microenterprise Directory]. A microenterprise has also been defined as a
business, often home-based, comprised of 1-5 people, with less than $ 5000 in
start-up capital. Lewis D. Solomon, Microenterprise: Human Reconstruction in
America's Inner Cities, 15 Harv. J.L. & Pub. Pol'y 191, 192 (1992).

   Microenterprise programs provide microloans (very small loans from $ 500 to $
25,000) or access to them through relationships with banks and community
development institutions such as credit unions and community development banks,
training and technical assistance primarily to low-income persons and other
targeted populations, such as minorities, women, public housing tenants,
dislocated workers, or farming and native American communities. Microenterprise
programs are usually organized as nonprofit, tax-exempt corporations. In
addition to providing loans, business training and technical support, a primary
goal of microenterprise development programs is the success of microenterprise
participants measured by positive personal outcomes such as improved
self-esteem, exercising control over one's life and household income, taking
advantage of educational opportunities or alternative employment and the overall
ability to exercise personal and economic choices. See also Susan R. Jones, A
Legal Guide to Microenterprise Development: Battling Poverty Through
Self-Employment (forthcoming 1997).




n4.  Most microenterprise programs were started in the mid-to late 1980s. See
Peggy Clark & Amy J. Kays, Enabling Entrepreneurship: Microenterprise
Development in the United States (1995) (presenting findings of a five-year
study of microlending); Brad Caftel, Helping Micrenterprise Programs Succeed, 22
Econ. Dev. & L. Center Rep. 2 (1993).




n5.  See Small Business Act 7(m), 15 U.S.C. 636(m) (1994) This act is expected
to be amended by S. 1139, 105th Cong. 201 (1997) and H.R. 2261, 105th Cong. 251
(1997). Implemented in 1992, the Microloan Demonstration Program is a pilot
program of the Small Business Administration designed to make loans through
intermediaries to very small businesses in low-income communities. The program
also offers grant monies to qualifying entities that offer technical assistance
in areas such as marketing and management. Loans under this program may be as
high as $ 25,000. The average loan, however, is $ 7500. Initially, loan funds
were issued to 45 intermediaries. The program was expanded by the Small Business
Credit and Opportunity Enhancement Act of 1992 which enabled the SBA to make
loan funds available to 110 intermediaries. Office of Advocacy, U.S. Small
Business Administration, the White House Conference on Small Business
Commission: Issues Handbook, Foundation for a New Century 32 (1994) [hereinafter
The White House Conference Issues Handbook].




n6.  See Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) Program Economic Development
Guidelines, as found in 24 C.F.R. 570 (1996). HUD's goal is to provide an
economic lift for distressed cities. HUD recently has revised the CDBG Program
to be a major contributor to providing jobs for low-income persons and
assistance for microenterprises. See 42 U.S.C. 5302(a) (1994).




n7.  Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs), including Community
Development Banks, are commercial institutions with social and community
conscience designed to help economically distressed communities achieve enhanced
economic stability and self-reliance by providing capital. Operating at a
profit, CDFIs provide depository institution services such as savings and
checking accounts, money market, individual retirement accounts (IRAs), etc.
Unlike commercial banks, however, CDFI's also provide support to community
development activities such as credit and loans to locally owned and operated
businesses and affordable housing developers. See John J. Accordino,
Community-Based Development: An Idea Whose Time Has Come (1997); Rochelle E.
Lento, Community Development Banking Strategy for Revitalizing Our Urban
Communities, 27 U. Mich. J.L. Ref. 773, 776 (1994) (describing community
development banks, community development credit unions, and community
development loan funds).




n8.  Community Development Credit Unions (CDCU) are much like community
development banks. They also provide loans and credit to small businesses and
loans for affordable housing purchasers. See Lento, supra note 7, at 776.




n9.  Community Development Loan Funds, also known as revolving loan funds, serve
community economic development, housing, and business goals as well, but are
fewer in number than community development credit unions. See id.




n10.  See Richard Marsico, Fighting Poverty Through Community Empowerment and
Economic Development: The Role of the Community Reinvestment and Home Mortgage
Disclosure Acts, 12 N.Y.L. Sch. J. Hum. Rts. 281, 283 (1995); Richard Marsico, A
Guide to Enforcing the Community Reinvestment Act, 20 Fordham Urb. L.J. 165
(1993); Richard Marsico, The New Community Reinvestment Act Regulations: An
Attempt to Implement Performance-Based Standards, Clearinghouse Rev., March
1996, at 1021; Lisa Maslow, Is the Community Reinvestment Act Worth Saving?, 6
J. Affordable Housing 65 (1996). The Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) requires
the federal bank regulatory agencies to encourage banks to meet the credit needs
of low-and-moderate income people. This is accomplished by assessing a bank's
lending record and taking that record into account when considering a bank's
application to expand. Community residents can challenge a bank's application to
expand on the grounds that it has failed to meet community credit needs and the
bank's application can be denied because of an inadequate CRA record. Observers
estimate that the CRA has directed between $ 4 billion and $ 6 billion a year to
low-and-moderate income communities. New CRA regulations created four new
performance tests one of which requires banks to disclose information about
their small business and community development loans.




n11.  See Audrey G. McFarlane, Empowerment Zones: Urban Revitalization Through
Collaborative Enterprise, 5 J. Affordable Housing & Community Dev. L. 35 (1995).
Title XX of the Social Security Act, Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993
(OBRA), Pub. L. No. 103-66, 107 Stat. 312, 543 (codified at 26 U.S.C. 1391-1394,
1396, and 1397 (1994)), made available one billion dollars for each Empowerment
Zone and Enterprise Community (EZEC). One hundred million dollars in grants are
available for each urban empowerment zone; forty million for each rural
empowerment zone and approximately three million for each enterprise community.
The grant funds are to be used to serve three broad goals: 1) economic
self-support to prevent, reduce or eliminate dependency; 2) self-sufficiency,
including reducing or preventing dependency (e.g., drug addiction and substance
abuse); and 3) preventing or remedying neglect, abuse or exploitation of
children and adults unable to protect their own interests. Employment training,
entrepreneurism, development of microenterprise loan funds, self-employment
training and enhanced transportation services to improve access of zone
residents to high job growth areas outside of the zone are several examples of
appropriate uses of the funds. Although it is too early in the process to
determine the success of EZEC, they represent real potential after decades of
urban disinvestment. A program of this type is unprecedented in the United
States. Furthermore, the EZEC mandated strategic planning process promises to
stimulate creative community-based planning and development.




n12.  In the past 10 years, microenterprise development programs, many of which
are based on the group peer lending model of the Grameen Bank in Bangladesh,
have gained much attention in the United States. Peer lending involves forming
groups of borrowers who may guarantee each others' loans and provide assistance
to each others' businesses. The founder and managing director of the bank,
Mohammad Yunus, is an economics professor and is considered to be the world's
leading proponent of the "trickle up" model of development. He believes that
access to credit can provide a lifeline to rescuing many people from poverty.
Founded in 1983, the Grameen Bank lends over six million dollars a month to more
than 690,000 members (92% presently are women) in 14,000 villages through
Bangladesh. See Alex Counts, Give Us Credit (1996); Robert Friedman and Puchka
Sahay, Six Steps Forward for Microenterprise Development, in 1996
Entrepreneurial Economy Review (1996); 1996 U.S. Microenterprise Directory,
supra note 3.




n13.  Human capital refers to the education, skill level, and problem solving
abilities that will enable an individual to be a productive worker in the global
economy of the Twenty First Century. See Theodore Herschberg, Human Capital
Development: America's Greatest Challenge, 544 The Annals of the American
Academy (1996).




n14.  See National Economic Development and Law Center, Serving Clients in New
Ways: Community Economic Development, Clearinghouse Rev., November 1993, at 899;
see also Brad Caftel, Helping Microenterprise Programs Succeed, 22 Economic
Development & Law Center Reporter 2 (April 1993); Little, supra note 2, at 889.




n15.  Nedlc, Lawyers Manual, supra note 2, at I-3.




n16.  See Brian Glick & Matthew Rossman, Neighborhood Legal Services as House
Counsel to Community-Based Efforts to Achieve Economic Justice: The East
Brooklyn Experience, 23 N.Y.U. Rev. L. & Soc. Change 105, 107-08 (1997).




n17.  See, e.g., Regina Austin, An Honest Living: Street Vendors, Municipal
Regulation and the Black Public Sphere, 103 Yale L.J. 2119 (1994); Steven H.
Hobbs, Personal Reflections on Adarand Construction Co. v. Pena, 2 Race & Ethnic
Ancestry L. Dig. 18 (1996) (discussing Adarand Constructors, Inc. v. Pena, 515
U.S. 200 (1995), which found that all racial classification, imposed by federal,
state, or local governments, must be analyzed by a reviewing court under strict
scrutiny); Robert E. Suggs, Bringing Small Business Development to Urban
Neighborhoods, 30 Harv. C.R.-C.L. L. Rev. 487 (1995) (describing the importance
of black business development and the need for human and social capital
investment, and proposing a strategy of tax increment credits to transfer
capital to inner city minority entrepreneurs); Robert E. Suggs, Rethinking
Minority Business Strategies, 25 Harv. C.R.-C.L. L. Rev. 101 (1990) (discussing
the need for minority business development to close the economic disparities
between minorities and the mainstream and proposing alternatives to traditional
minority set aside programs).




n18.  Throughout this article, the nonprofit organizations that support
entrepreneurship and other CED efforts are referred to as small businesses for
two reasons: (1) nonprofit organizations are subject to many laws affecting
small businesses such as zoning and employment; and (2) nonprofit organizations
must be operated as small businesses in order to function efficiently.

   The principal distinction between a for-profit business and a nonprofit
organization is the "use" of profits derived by the organization. A for-profit
business is operated for the benefit of its owners, to generate gross earning
and turn net earning (also called inurement) over to the owners, e.g., in the
payment of dividends to shareholders in a corporation. A nonprofit organization
can pay reasonable compensation to employees, but it is not allowed to engage in
private inurement. The net profits must be retained or used for the purposes for
which the group is organized. Bruce R. Hopkins, The Nonprofit Law Dictionary
(1994).




n19.  As noted in note 1, the SBA's definition of small busines includes large
businesses grossing less than three million dollars. Some people do not
distinguish between microbusinesses and larger enterprises. Small business
clinics do not compete with the private bar; they prepare clients, who cannot
afford lawyers, for "graduation" to the private bar.




n20.  See Don J. DeBenedictis, Learning by Doing, 76 A.B.A. J. 54, 56 (1990).




n21.  Microlending (also known as microcredit) involves providing small loans to
microbusineses. Often coupled with business training, credit repair, and other
technical assistance, microlending (or the provision of access to microloans) is
one aspect of what microenterprise development programs do.




n22.  Webster's Desk Dictionary of the English Language (1983) defines sustain:
"1. to keep going or in effect, as in action or process. 2. to supply with food
and other necessities of life. 3. to keep (a person, the spirits, etc.) from
giving away ... 6. to support from below." In this context it appropriately
describes the capacity for permanent changes and self-sufficiency that the
microenterprise development movement extols.




n23.  Researchers have identified three major components of a federal investment
strategy to revitalize cities. First, create jobs and invest in the national
infrastructure such as public transportation. Second, improve America's human
infrastructure and the productivity of its current and future workforce. Third,
invest in urban neighborhoods to improve the social economic and physical
conditions of these communities. See Peter Dreier, America's Urban Crisis:
Symptoms, Causes, Solutions, 71 N.C. L. Rev. 1351, 1386 (1993); see also
Nicholas Lehmann, Don't Give Up Poverty Programs that Work; Selling Salsa,
Banking in the Ghetto and 11 Other Strategies for Helping the Poor, Wash.
Monthly, June 1988, at 12.




n24.  See Fran Ansley, Standing Rusty and Rolling Empty: Law, Poverty and
America's Eroding Industrial Base, 81 Geo. L. J. 1757, 1765-69 (1993); Ronald
Grover, The Economic Crisis of Urban America, Bus. Wk., May 18, 1992, at 38;
Michael H. Schill, Assessing The Role of Community Development Corporations in
Inner City Economic Development, 22 N.Y.U. Rev. L. & Soc. Change 753, 754-59
(1996-97); Paulette Thomas, Credit Where Due? Small Businesses, Key to Urban
Recovery, Are Starved for Capital, Wall St. J., June 11, 1992, at A1.




n25.  According to the U.S. Department of Labor, self-employed persons are:

those who work for profit or fees 10 hours or more a week in their own business,
profession or trade or operate a farm. The business that a self-employed person
is in may be called a microenterprise [or microbusiness] because it is very
small in terms of the numbers of employees, sales[, assets or other
characteristics]. Although [the terms microenterprise and self-employment] are
used interchangeably, self-employment refers to the status of the business owner
while microenterprise refers to a very small business.

1996 U.S. Microenterprise Directory, supra note 3, at xii.




n26.  The White House Conference Report, supra note 1, at 31.




n27.  The Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Act of 1996, (PRWORA or
Welfare Reform), Pub. L. No. 104-193, 110 Stat. 2105 (1996). The PRWORA was
signed into law by President Clinton on August 22, 1996. It replaces the Aid to
Families with Dependent Children (AFDC) program with a block grant to states to
provide cash assistance to needy families. See PRWORA 103, 110 Stat. at 2113.




n28.  See id. at 2129.




n29.  See Cynthia A. Guy et al., Manpower Demonstration Research Corporation,
Self-employment for Welfare Recipients: Implementation of the Seid Program
(1991); 1996 U.S. Microenterprise Directory, supra note 3; see also Ray Boshara
et al., Realizing the Promise of Microenterprise Development in Welfare Reform
(1997).




n30.  See Claud Anderson, Black Labor, White Wealth (1994); see also Steven H.
Hobbs, From the Shoulders of Houston: A Vision of Social and Economic Justice,
32 How. L.J. 505, 544 (1989) (noting that minorities cannot obtain full
inclusion into America unless the concept of justice is enlarged to include the
economic sphere and urging that legal scholars have a duty to define and
advocate for economic justice).




n31.  Most clinical teachers know this history well. However, this background is
useful as a foundation for the development of recent trends in CED and small
business. This history may also be helpful to those who are new to clinical
teaching and for those with no background in the field. Moreover, as the
clinical movement approaches its third decade of evolution, it is useful to
reflect on the past in order to plan for the future.




n32.  See Edgar S. Cahn, Reinventing Poverty Law, 103 Yale L.J. 2133, 2135
(1995); Edgar S. Cahn & Jean C. Cahn, The War on Poverty: A Civilian
Perspective, 73 Yale L.J. 1317 (1964). See also DeBenedictis, supra note 20.




n33.  See DeBenedictis, supra note 20; Stephanie B. Goldberg, Bridging the Gap:
Can Educators and Practitioners Agree on the Role of Law Schools in Shaping
Professionals? Yes And No, 76 A.B.A. J. 44-50 (1990); Ann Jergens, Teach Your
Student Well: Valuing Clients in the Law School, 2 Cornell J.L. & Pub. Pol'y 339
(1993); Linda F. Smith, The Judicial Clinic: Theory and Method in a Life
Laboratory of Law, 1993 Utah L. Rev. 429 (1993); Nina Tarr, Current Issues in
Clinical Legal Education, 37 How. L.J. 31 (1993).




n34.  See Smith, supra note 33, at 435. It is noteworthy that the Council on
Legal Education Opportunity (CLEO) was also established at this time to promote
minority enrollment in law schools. As a result of CLEO, minority enrollment in
law schools increased. See Goldberg, supra note 33, at 44-50.




n35.  See DeBenedictis, supra note 20, at 55.




n36.  There are clinical programs that focus on micro goals such as the
development of problem solving, examination of role assumption, and other
lawyering skills. Other programs emphasize macro goals such as the examination
of the lawyer's role in society, analysis of the adversary system, and the study
of legal institutions. Some combine both models. No matter which method is used,
they all emphasize three things: 1) the students' experience and the teacher's
reliance on the students' experiences in the pursuit of intellectual speculation
and inquiry; 2) recognition of the tensions inherent in this teaching/learning
process; and 3) an understanding of the student/lawyer's role in society. See
Smith, supra note 33, at 438 (citing Gary Bellow, On Teaching the Teachers: Some
Preliminary Reflections on Clinical Education as Methodology, in Council on
Legal Education for Professional Responsibility, Inc., Clinical Legal Education
for the Law Student 379 (1973); Carrie Menkel-Meadow, The Legacy of Clinical
Education: Theories About Lawyering, 29 Clev. St. L. Rev. 555, 556-73 (1980)).




n37.  American Association of Law Schools, 1996 Directory of Clinical Teachers
(1996) [hereinafter Directory of Clinical Teachers].




n38.  See Tarr, supra note 33.




n39.  See id. at 44.




n40.  In the early 1970s there were several early CED efforts in law school
clinics such as Antioch School of Law. Interview with Michael Diamond, Associate
Director, Georgetown University Law School Harrison Institute, Washington, D.C.
(September 11, 1996). It appears, however, that these were part of tenant
organizing, housing representation efforts and larger anti-poverty strategy;
they were not clearly definable as CED clinics and there is limited information
about these early efforts in legal literature.




n41.  See Louise G. Trubek, The Worst of Times ... and the Best of Times:
Lawyering for Poor Clients Today, 22 Fordham Urb. L.J. 1123, 1128-34 (1995).




n42.  See 45 C.F.R. 1609.1-1640.1 (1996).




n43.  See Margaret Martin Barry, A Question of Mission: Catholic Law School's
Domestic Violence Clinic, 38 How. L.J. 135 (1994); Cahn, supra note 32, at 2135.




n44.  The George Washington University Small Business Clinic, which is used as a
case study in this article, is one of a few in the country. According to an
informal survey conducted by the Georgetown University Law School Harrison
Institute, CED clinics and/or classes exist at University of Washington, John
Marshall, St. Louis, University of Baltimore, Washington and Lee, Santa Clara,
Marquette, U.C. Berkeley (Boalt Hall), Syracuse, SUNY Buffalo, Michigan, George
Washington, Pittsburg, Yale, Georgetown, and CUNY. The 1996 Directory of
Clinical Teachers lists eight such programs adding William and Mary and
Tennessee to the list. The Small Business Clinics at GW and Pennsylvania are the
only ones listed in the 1996 Directory of Clinical Teachers. However, the author
is also aware that Harvard's Hale and Dorr Legal Clinic has a Corporate and
Community Renewal Clinic, University of Maryland has an Economic Housing and
Community Development Clinic and William Mitchell College of Law has a business
law clinic. See Jergens, supra note 33, at 353 n.39. Because of soft money
grants, some programs are funded temporarily, resulting in fluctuation in the
number of programs that exist at any given time.




n45.  The Center for Public Representation, started in 1974, at the University
of Wisconsin is an early example of a non-litigation clinic which promotes
legislative reform as a mechanism for social change. Telephone Interview with
Prof. Louise Trubek, Clinical Professor of Law, University of Wisconsin Law
School and Senior Attorney, Center for Public Representation, Madison, Wis.
(July 17, 1996).




n46.  See Trubek, supra note 41, at 1133.




n47.  Leslie Newman & National Economic Development and Law Center, Law Schools
and Community Economic Development (1993) (unpublished manuscript, on file with
author).




n48.  The Lawyers Alliance of New York and the National Economic Development and
Law Center (NEDLC) have provided CED legal assistance since 1969. NEDLC has been
at the forefront or providing help to emerging CED clinics. See Leslie Newman,
Law Schools Building a Corps of Lawyers Skilled in CED, in National Economic
Development & Law Center, Counseling Organizations in Community Economic
Development (revised June 1994).




n49.  See Adam Berger et al., Homes for the Homeless: a Handbook for Action
(1990); James S. Rubin & Robert A. Solomon, Learning and Serving the Community:
Yale Law's Housing Development Clinic, 2 J. Affordable Housing & Community Dev.
L. 15 (1992).




n50.  In 1977, the Small Business Development Center (SBDC) program was
established on an experimental basis. The program became permanent with the
enactment of The Small Business Development Center Act of 1979. See James J.
Chrisman et al., The Impact of SBDC Consulting Activities, J. Small Bus. Mgmt.,
July 1985, at 1, 1-2.




n51.  See Mark Eddy, Cong. Res. Serv. Rep. For Congress, Rep. No. 90-312 G.O.V.
1 Federal Programs for Minority and Women-Owned Businesses (1990). In existence
since 1968, the SBA's 8(a) program, which provides preferential treatment to
small and disadvantaged businesses, is perhaps the most well known. See also
Major Thomas Jefferson Hasty, III, Minority Business Enterprise Development and
the Small Business Administration's 8(a) Program: Past, Present and (Is There A)
Future?, 145 Mil. L. Rev. 1, 2 (1994).




n52.  See supra notes 5-12.




n53.  Welfare reform is an expansive topic and self-employment as an alternative
to welfare is an emerging theme. The topic is outside of the scope of this
article. See generally, Joel F. Handler, Ending Welfare as we Know it - Wrong
for Welfare, Wrong for Poverty, 2 Geo. J. on Fighting Poverty 3 (1994).




n54.  Interview with Eric S. Sirulnik, Associate Dean for Clinical Affairs and
founder of the Small Business Clinic, Washington, D.C. (November 7, 1996). In
addition to the Small Business Clinic, GW law school has eight other in-house
clinical programs in the Jacob Burns Community Legal Clinics: Administrative
Advocacy, Federal and Appellate, Civil and Family, Mediation, Immigration,
Domestic Violence Advocacy Project, Vaccine Injury Project and Health Care
Counseling Project. It also has an extensive Externship Program. Ten third year
students are enrolled in the Small Business Clinic for one semester. Because the
clinic is very popular, approximately 20-25 students seek entry into the clinic
each semester. Student selection is conducted by lottery. Students may enroll in
the Small Business Clinic for 2, 3 or 4 credits which represents 10, 15 or 20
hours of clinic work per week. They are required to have completed courses in
Federal Income Tax Law and Corporations. In addition, they must attend a
mandatory two hour weekly seminar, perform client telephone intake and conduct
initial office consultations.

   The only other Small Business Clinic on the east coast, at the University of
Pennsylvania Law School, was established in 1982. See Goldberg, supra note 33.




n55.  Howard University conducts seminars and provides individual counseling in
business planning, financing, marketing and accounting. As a historically Black
college, Howard University works primarily with African American and other
minority entrepreneurs. In an effort to increase outreach to the entire city,
Howard University business counselors provide counseling at centers in all
quadrants of the city, including the offices of several community development
corporations.




n56.  Community Development Corporations (CDCs) are nonprofit organizations
established to marshall community resources and stimulate revenue generating
businesses in low-income communities.




n57.  For example, The Small Business Research Law Clinic at the University of
Connecticut Law School provided legal information through research (under
faculty supervision) to the Connecticut Small Business Development Center
(CSBDC) counselors. This program operated as an autonomous branch of the CSBDC.
The CSBDC brochure is on file with the author. The GW Small Business Clinic is
still funded in part by the SBA.




n58.  See Small Business Development Center Act, 15 U.S.C. 648 (1994); Gen.
Acct. Off. Briefing Rep. to the Chairman Senate Committee on Small Business,
RCED-90-38BR, Small Business Development Centers Meet Counseling Needs of Most
Clients (Nov. 1989) [hereinafter GAO Briefing Report].




n59.  See The White House Conference Issues Handbook, supra note 5.




n60.  See GAO Briefing Report, supra note 58.




n61.  See Clark & Kays, supra note 4; 1996 U.S. Microenterprise Directory, supra
note 3, at ix-xii (noting that while most clients of microenterprise programs
are poor, the programs serve clients with a range of income levels).




n62.  Available capital for a new business is generally spent on equipment,
inventory, marketing and related start-up costs. Although the GW Clinic does not
have formal income guidelines as required by student practice rules in some
jurisdictions, the GW Clinic carefully selects clients based on a review of
their business plan and legal needs. Clients who can afford private legal
services are generally not accepted by the GW Clinic absent compelling reasons.




n63.  See Olaf Edgberg, the Mcgee Street Foundation, Non-money: That 'Other
Money' You Didn't Know You Had (1994); Edgar Cahn & Jonathan Rowe, Time Dollars:
the New Currency That Enables Americans to Turn Their Hidden Resource-time into
Personal Security & Community Renewal (1992); Lewis D. Solomon, Rethinking Our
Centralized Monetary System: the Case for a System of Local Currencies (1996);
Maryland Neighborhood Works Together to Solve Local Problems, Community
Development Digest, Jan. 23, 1996, at 15.




n64.  See Fara Danzig, Small Business Clinic Meets Community Leaders, the
Advocate, (Student Newspaper of The Geo. Wash. U. L. Sch., Washington, D.C.),
Oct. 12, 1992, at 1.




n65.  See id.




n66.  A tension of many grant funded programs is the high number of cases that
the grant source requires the clinic to handle. In the past, some clinical
programs followed a legal services model of handling as many cases as possible;
however, this model may detract from the educational goals of clinical programs,
especially if the law school requires clinicians to engage in significant
academic writing. This issue is the topic of substantial discussion in the
clinical community.  See Richard Boswell, Keeping the Practice in Clinical
Education and Scholarship, 43 Hastings L.J. 1111 (1992); Gary Palm,
Reconceptualizing Clinical Scholarship as Clinical Instruction, 1 Clin. L. Rev.
127 (1994).




n67.  A key issue in the development of a CED program is building community
relationships and trust. The author lives in one of the inner-city communities
served by the GW Clinic and has extensive community relationships from community
activities and private law practice. Other clinicians such as Rochelle Lento and
Peter Pitegoff were community organizers prior to attending law school and have
used their personal and past professional relationships to assist in the
development of clinical programs. Interview with Peter Pitegoff, Professor of
Law, SUNY Buffalo School of Law, in Boston, Mass. (Aug 15, 1997); Telephone
Interview with Rochelle Lento, Professor of Law, University of Michigan School
of Law (Oct. 3, 1997). Developing a viable CED program in a law school takes
commitment and requires a willingness to learn the community. See John A.
Powell, Righting the Law: Seeking a Humane Voice, 96 W. Va. L. Rev. 333
(1993-94).




n68.  The representation of for profit artists and arts organizations is the
subject of another article now in progress.




n69.  In these client profiles, the names of students and clients have been
changed and sometimes that facts have been altered to protect client
confidentiality.




n70.  The District of Columbia is organized into 8 Wards (or sections).
Anacostia, an area known as "east of the river" is in Ward 8, a community of
72,000 which has the lowest median household income of Washington, D.C.
Comprised of approximately 16,000 residents, Anacostia has only one sit down
restaurant. See Dr. Bruce W. Ferguson et al., Action Plan for Community Retail
and Economic Development in Washington, D.C., Oct. 1995 (prepared for the
Coalition for NonProfit Housing Development and for the Coalition of Economic
Development Organizations) (unpublished paper, on file with the author)
[hereinafter Ferguson, Action Plan].




n71.  The Job Corps, an apprentice-like program established in 1964, is the
longest-lived and most effective federal government program dedicated to youth
employment training. The Job Corps enrolls "the neediest of low-income youth
between the ages of 14 and 21." According to a 1977-81 study, more than 90% of
the enrollees lived below the poverty line or received welfare. Steven F.
Hamilton, Apprenticeship for Adulthood: Preparing Youth for the Future 40
(1990).




n72.  There are many more reasons why interviewing skills are essential for
effective law practice. A more in-depth discussion of these skills and obstacles
to effective interviewing and counseling is outside of the scope of this
article. See David A. Binder et al., Gathering Information for Proposed Deals,
in Lawyers as Counselors: A Client Centered Approach 197 (1991).




n73.  Happily, our review of the lease revealed that the terms were not
oppressive to the company. Josh and I acknowledged that we would have liked the
opportunity to negotiate some of the lease provisions; however, there were
judgments to make about the advantages and disadvantages of attempting to
renegotiate lease terms after its commencement because the client often has the
most leverage in lease negotiations before the lease has been signed.




n74.  Md. Code Ann. Corps & Ass'ns 5-201-5-208 (1996); see also Barbara L.
Kirscten, Nonprofit Corporations Forms Handbook (1996).




n75.  See Carol Izumi & Susan Jones, A Legal Overview-For Home Improvement
Contractors in the District Only, Profit (Newsletter of the How. U. Small Bus.
Dev. Center, Washington, D.C.), Vol. 17, No. 4, at 5 (1989) (on file with the
author).




n76.  See id.




n77.  Equal Opportunity for Local, Small, and Disadvantaged Business
Enterprises, D.C. Code ANN. 1-1152 (Supp. 1997).




n78.  Michael E. Porter, The Competitive Advantage of the Inner City, Harv. Bus.
Rev., May-June 1995, at 55.




n79.  See Scott J. Burnham, Drafting Contracts: A Guide to the Practical
Application of the Principles of Contract Drafting (1993); Peter Siviglia,
Writing Contracts: a Distinct Discipline (1996).




n80. "' Entrepreneurship' is recognized as a basic factor of production - a type
of economic behavior that impels an individual to pursue a business opportunity
with great tolerance for uncertainty and risk - perhaps at first through
self-employment ..." The White House Conference Report, supra note 1, at 37.




n81.  The author is appreciative of Prof. Lewis Solomon's participation in this
program and his overall support to the work of the GW Clinic.




n82.  Anthony Cauterucci, The Barnabas Fund: Encouraging People to Create Their
Own Jobs (unpublished manuscript, on file with the author).




n83.  See Chris Harvey, Program Puts Money Behind Small Business Dreams, Wash.
Post, Dec. 23, 1993, at J3; Nora T. Kelly, Small Step Up Microloans, Geo. Wash.
U. Mag., June 1994, at 2; see also Counts, supra note 12.




n84.  Prior to the PRWORA, public assistance programs such as Aid to Families
with Dependent Children deterred microenterprise program recipients from
receiving microloans because loan amounts were included in their gross income
which would often make them ineligible for these public benefits.




n85.  Since its inception in 1993, the Barnabas Self-Employment Fund has offered
8 basic business cycles, 156 persons have participated, and 107 persons have
completed 5 weeks or more of the training. Eight business loan circles were
formed and 25 microentrepreneurs were assisted in starting or improving their
businesses. In August 1995, the coordinator and developer of Barnabas left the
program. Without a full-time staff person, additional classes are not being
offered at the present time. Jubilee Jobs 1995 Annual Report.




n86.  Business Plan for SINGA (quoting Jaqueline Hart, SINGA founder) (reprinted
with permission and on file with the author).




n87.  See Linda Wheeler, Preserving Riches of Black Life: Efforts Underway to
Save D.C.'s Shaw Neighborhood, Wash. Post, July 16, 1996, at B1, for a profile
of the exemplary efforts of the Shaw community residents to revitalize the area.




n88.  See John M. Cunningham, Helping Businesses Get Started: In Praise of an
Unsung Legal Specialty, Business Law Today, Nov/Dec. 1995, at 9-10.




n89.  See id.




n90.  See Larry E. Ribstein, The Emergence of the Limited Liability Company, 51
Bus. Law. 1 (1995); see also Jennifer J. Johnson, Limited Liability for Lawyers:
General Partners Need Not Apply, 51 Bus. Law. 85 (1995).




n91.  See Glick, supra note 16, at 110, 118-20.




n92.  See id.




n93.  Roger S. Haydock et al., Lawyering Practice and Planning 96-108 (1996).




n94.  See Ann Shalleck, Constructions of the Client Within Legal Education, 45
Stan. L. Rev. 1731, 1739-48 (1993).




N95.  The GW Small Business Clinic uses the clinical education model of
planning, doing, and reflecting which is an important tool for accessing
developing lawyering competencies. See Harold A. McDougall, Lawyering and Public
Policy, 38 J. Legal Educ. 369, 372-75 (1988). The author first used this model
in the mid-1980s, during her tenure as an Assistant Professor of Law at the City
University of New York Law School (CUNY) at Queens College.




n96.  Adam Berger, et al., Homes for the Homeless: A Handbook for Action 2
(1990) (noting the similarity of experience between clients and students in the
housing transactions clinic at Yale). The author believes that this may be based
in part on the fact that middle and upper income students can better identify,
for example, with a new entrepreneur in a small business clinic than a social
security disability client in an entitlements clinic.




n97.  A depthful exploration of these issues is outside of the scope of this
article.




n98.  For example, a provision regarding visual obstructions should have been
included in the contract.




n99.  Based on our advice and counsel, the photographer prevailed in Small
Claims Court. I recognize that this example may be somewhat unusual, however,
the GW Clinic provides unique opportunities for some students to use their
personal experiences to enhance their professional role. I have also observed a
variation of this theme in the case of a student I supervised in an
administrative advocacy clinic, who consulted her father, a medical doctor, for
information to support a social security disability claim of inability to work
due to a brain a tumor.




n100.  As a rule, business lawyers should never answer purely business questions
unless they possess special training or qualifications to do so. At the same
time, business lawyers play an important role in shaping clients' business
judgment by presenting to the client options and legal consequences of options.
See Clifford R. Ennico, Business Lawyers Handbook 3-13 to -14 (1992); see also,
D.C. Rules of Professional Ethics, Rule 2.1 Advisor. ("In representing a client,
a lawyer shall exercise independent professional judgment and render candid
advice. In rendering candid advice, a lawyer may refer not only to law but to
other considerations such as moral, economic, social, and political factors,
that may be relevant to the client's situation.").




n101.  The Community Outreach Program of the Computer Law Section of the D.C.
Bar provides free two hour consultations to minority and disadvantaged
entrepreneurs in computer related or highly technical businesses including the
emerging law of cyberspace. When the Clinic makes a referral to this program,
the student lawyer assigned - with the permission of both the client and
volunteer attorney - attends the consultation with the client and the volunteer
lawyer. This enables law students to observe other lawyer's styles, and
introduces them to complex issues associated with computer law and other highly
technical legal issues which are beyond the scope of matters which the Clinic
can handle. This arrangement also provides additional ways for students to help
new entrepreneurs and learn from the experience. See No-Cost, No-Obligation law
Advice Offered to Computer Related Businesses,Computer Dig., July 1993, at 1;
Probono Gets Down to Business, Wall St. J., Oct. 27, 1993, at B1.




n102.  David Barnhizer, The Justice Mission of American Law Schools, 40 Clev.
St. L. Rev. 285 (1992) (describing active commitments to justice and
acknowledging that the clinical movement began from a vision of a just society).




n103.  Although a discussion of professional responsibility is beyond the scope
of this paper, it is noteworthy that the Model Rules of Professional Conduct
recognize four major differences between litigation and transactional legal
counseling:



   First, a litigator for the most part must deal with past facts, whereas a
legal counselor often has the flexibility to structure or alter a future
transaction to avoid pitfalls that might otherwise result in litigation. Second,
a litigator is entitled to resolve all doubts about the propriety of the
client's action in favor of the client and may advocate any legal position that
is not frivolous, whereas a legal counselor has a more definite obligation to
advise the client of the risks involved in any action proposed by the client and
to recommend action that will achieve, with the least amount of risk, the
client's ultimate objectives. Third, the circumstances under which a lawyer can
withdraw from representation are more restrictive once a matter reaches the
litigation stage. Finally, the rules requiring disqualification because of
conflicts of interest are more restrictive in litigation than in counseling
situations.



   Harry J. Haynesworth, The Professional Skills of the Small Business Lawyer 4
(1984).

   The entity theory of representation requires that lawyers for corporations
and other groups give their allegiance to the entity and not to the individual
stockholders, directors, officers or employees. See Model Rules of Professional
Conduct, Rule 1.7 (1995). This theory has been criticized as unhelpful in
representing closely held businesses. See Lawrence E. Mitchell, Professional
Responsibility and the Close Corporation: Toward a Realistic Ethic, 74 Cornell
L. Rev. 446 (1989) (examining different types of close corporations, conflicts
of interest for legal counsel, and proposing an ethical rule covering various
types of close corporation representation).

   Client-lawyer interactions in the context of group representation are complex
and different from individual representation. Group representation is a
substantial part of lawyering in the public interest; yet there is only one -
Model Rule of Professional Conduct Rule 1.13 - on the topic. Group client
centeredness dictates that the lawyer identify ways to mobilize the group while
adhering to the often criticized entity theory of representation. At a more
basic level, in Clinic, students must first analyze at a practical level, "Who
is the client?" and "What does the entity theory of representation really mean?"
and "How do I determine whether there is a conflict of interest?" See Stephen
Ellman, Client Centeredness Multiplied: Individual Autonomy and Collective
Mobilization in Public Interest Lawyers' Representation of Groups, 78 Va. L.
Rev. 1103, 1106-08 (1992).




n104.  See Gerald P. Lopez, Rebellious Lawyering: One Chicano's Vision of
Progressive Law Practice (1992). Rebellious lawyering is also called critical
lawyering and the new public interest law. See Gary Bellow, Steady Work: A
Practitioner's Reflections on Political Lawyering, 31 Harv. C.R.-C.L. L. Rev.
297 (1996); Ruth Buchanan & Louise Trubek, Resistances and Possibilities: A
Critical and Practical Look at Public Interest Lawyering, 19 N.Y.U. Rev. L & Soc
Change 687, 687 (1992); Martha Minow, Political Lawyering: An Introduction, 31
Harv. C.R.-C.L. L. Rev. 287 (1996).




n105.  See Lopez, supra note 104.




n106.  See Gerald Lopez, Reconceiving Civil Rights Practice: Seven Weeks in the
Life of a Rebellious Collaboration, 71 Geo. L.J. 1603 (1982-83). "Regnant
lawyering" on the other hand, sees lawyers as having the chief power; this power
is particularly pronounced when the clients are from lower income brackets. Some
scholars, however, have faulted Lopez for missing the ways in which lawyers
facilitate client control and for underemphasizing the skills lawyers can offer
low-income clients, such as transactional work for small businesses and
community groups. See, e.g., Ann Southworth, Taking the Lawyer Out of
Progressive Lawyering, 46 Stan. L. Rev. 213, 225-26 (1993); Ann Southworth,
Business Planning for the Destitute? Lawyers as Facilitators in Civil Rights and
Poverty Practice, 1996 Wis. L. Rev. 1121, 1122-23.




n107.  See Richard D. Marsico, Working for Social Change and Preserving Client
Autonomy: Is There a Role for "Facilitative Lawyering?", 1 Clin. L. Rev. 639,
654 (1995).




n108.  See id.




n109.  See Susan Bryant, Collaboration in Law Practice: A Satisfying and
Productive Process for A Diverse Profession, 17 Vt. L. Rev. 459 (1993)
(describing and encouraging the use of collaboration in legal education).




n110.  See Cunningham, supra note 88.




n111.  My colleague Audrey McFarlane, describes lawyers asking for goods and
services with "voice assurance" (a command of the English language and an
expectation that they will get what they are asking for). Clients who have
navigated this system with their lawyer once are empowered to do it again on
their own. No doubt, lawyers who have navigated the regulatory business
bureaucracy with their clients have learned from their clients as well.




n112.  See Stacy Brustin, Expanding Our Vision of Legal Services
Representation-The Hermanas Unidas Project, 1 Am. U. J. Gender & L. (1993); see
also Ayuda, Inc. (brochure) (on file with the author) [hereinafter Ayuda
Brochure].




n113.  See Ayuda Brochure, supra note 112.




n114.  See Clark Cunningham, A Tale of Two Clients: Thinking About Law as
Language, 87 Mich. L. Rev. 2459, 2482 (1989).




n115.  This publication was a collaborative effort with Pamela M. Jones, Esq.,
Executive Director of New Columbia Community Land Trust and former
vice-president of the D.C. Coalition of NonProfit Housing Developers.




n116.  The creation of Help with Housing is also an illustration of the kind of
informational and educational material clinics can develop for community
residents and community based-organizations; and is one way for new clinical
programs to become known.

   Another initiative that impacts the role of lawyer as educator is the GW
Clinic's co-sponsorship of the Winter 1996 Seminar Series of the National Center
for NonProfit Law (NCNL). This initiative resulted from the GW Clinic's quest to
identify resources for nonprofit clients and to further the students'
understanding of aspects of nonprofit law, a legal specialty distinct from
business law. NCNL is a membership organization designed to "help nonprofit
organizations of all sizes understand and satisfy their legal requirements more
economically, while avoiding unnecessary problems." NCNL Brochure (on file with
author). In the seminars, NCNL faculty explain the applicable law, describe how
it affects organizations and provide sample documents, checklists and other
written guidance. The Winter 1996 Seminar Series included seminars on nonprofit
finances and accounting; nonprofit corporate tax general principles and board
issues; liability and insurance issues; contracting for services; fund raising
and the law; wage and hour issues affecting employees; Americans with
Disabilities Act (ADA); and the Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and Workers
Compensation; Sexual Harassment and Employee Privacy Issues; and Hiring,
Counseling, Disciplining and Firing. Students were required to participate in at
least one of these seminars at no cost.

   These seminars are unique for several reasons. NCNL is the only national
provider of legal assistance to nonprofit organizations. Seminar participants
are executive directors, board and staff members, including development
directors and legal counsel who, during the half-day and day long seminars,
asked practical questions and offered insightful comments based on their daily
work. This provided a rich opportunity for students, most of whom have no
first-hand practical experience with nonprofit organizations and boards of
directors, to learn from seminar participants.

   Students chose seminars relevant to issues they were working on for the GW
Clinic's nonprofit clients. For example, the student who worked with SINGA
attended the seminar on Fund Raising and the Law in order to learn about issues
that could effect her client. This co-sponsorship arrangement increased our
practical knowledge base to facilitate effective client representation.




n117.  This project was a joint effort with Dr. Charles Toftoy of the GW School
of Business and Public Management and Director of the Center for the Advancement
of Small Business.




n118.  See Ennico, supra note 100.




n119.  See Harry J. Haynesworth, The Professional Skills of the Small Business
Lawyer (1985).




n120.  This program continues to operate on a referral only basis. The more
formal structure was abandoned for several reasons. Given the high number of
cases handled by the GW Clinic and the labor intensiveness of coordination of
the two professors involved, the continuation of the program in addition to
other case and faculty-related responsibilities would be unmanageable. This
program may be especially suited for a simulation model. In addition, the
interdisciplinary nature of the collaboration requires outside staffing and
institutional supports. The students reported some interesting issues of
"professional territory" which deserve further exploration. These included the
fact that the many of the graduate business students also worked full or
part-time and did not have the time to devote to the numerous meetings required.
Because the business students were enrolled in a traditional course for a final
grade they were much more concerned with the final product and the grade instead
of the process and the client. Law students receive a grade of high pass, low
pass or no credit. In addition, clinic students keep time sheets and are
required to perform legal work through out the semester.




n121.  Small business and CED clinics inspire and encourage students to continue
working with small businesses and nonprofits after law school. For example, a
former GW Clinic student started a small business support program at a large New
York law firm. Entrepreneurs applied for pro bono legal assistance from the firm
on a competitive basis. Another student created a small business pro bono
program to which the GW Clinic can refer overflow cases or cases that are too
complex for law students in a semester.




n122.  See Community First Inc. (brochure) (on file with the author).




n123.  See Rochelle E. Lento, Community Development Banking Strategy for
Revitalizing Our Communities, 27 U. Mich. J.L. Reform 773, 779 (1994) for a
detailed discussion of community development banks, community development credit
unions and community development loan funds.




n124.  The SBA's 504 loan program offers "long-term, fixed-asset financing
through certified development companies to further job creation or community
development" by contributing 40% of the financing (up to $ 2.5 million) while
the private lender contributes 50% and the small business contributes 10%. See
The White House Conference Issues Handbook, supra note 5, at 109.




n125.  See Ferguson, Action Plan, supra note 70. The GW Clinic's work with
Community First is also an example of "service learning" which involves
enhancing the law school class by having students volunteer in a carefully
selected nonprofit organization for 20-25 hours during the semester to bring the
work world into the classroom. See Mary Pat Treuhart, Service Learning Brings
Real World Into Class, The Law Tchr. (Gonz. U., Inst. for L. Sch. Teaching,
Spokane, Wash.), Spring 1996, at 12.




n126.  See Newman, supra note 47.




n127.  See Austin, supra note 17 (noting some of the non-economic benefits of
street vending - the most basic form of retail - such as maintaining black
culture, gaining business experience and serving as a performance space for
intellectual debates and spiritual communion).




n128.  The percentage of the workforce working at home full or part time has
increased nationally to 33% in 1993. In Washington, D.C., between 1980 and 1990
the number almost doubled to 9116. See Peter Pae, In Area Homes, Businesses Are
Booming: Thousands Seek a Balance Between Work and Family, Wash. Post, Oct. 24,
1993, at B1.




n129.  See The White House Conference Report, supra note 1, at 47.




n130.  See Donald Schon, Educating the Reflective Practitioner (1987).




n131.  See Karl S. Okamoto, Learning and Learning-to-Learn by Doing: Simulating
Corporate Practice in Law School, 45 J. Legal Educ. 498 (1995); see also
University of Oregon, Law & Entrepreneurship Center, Annual Report (1994-95)
(outlining the University of Oregon School of Law's program).




n132.  See Haydock, supra note 93. Reevaluation and reassessment of the business
curriculum in light of the global economy and changing trends are beyond the
scope of this article. See also Stephanie Francis Cahill, Start-ups Need
Lawyers, Too, Student Lawyer, Jan. 1997, at 3.


                              117 of 119 DOCUMENTS


                   International Journal of Business Research

                                    May 2007

Promoting learning in small entrepreneurs and higher education students through
service learning programs.

SECTION: Pg. 10 Vol. 7 No. 3

LENGTH: 12166 words


ABSTRACT


Microenterprises have become of increasing importance in the economic and social
development. This has led policy makers to view their support as a strategy for
poverty alleviation in developing countries. Financial and non-financial service
support programs with diverse organizations have been established, rendering
heterogeneous results, and leading discussions on how to deliver them and how to
assure provision, among, other issues. When speaking about support programs for
these enterprises, particularly human capital-related services known as Business
Development Services in developing countries, it is never thought of important
resources already released by governments and possessed by the Public System of
Higher Education, among which human capital is highlighted. Final year students
almost awarded with a degree, have a great potential in contributing with
development providing services to underprivileged communities and agents.

This paper aims to share the experience of the Program for Research, Assistance
and Teaching of Small Enterprises, which constitute a non-market based model of
assistance founded as community service led by a Higher Education Institution,
and complementary method of teaching firm related subjects in economics, among
others fields, following the service learning approach. The program may be
helpful not only to provide support to poor entrepreneurs, but also to create
excitement in learning concepts reviewed in class, through embarking the
students in communitarian activities. The paper suggests that most of learning
occurs outside the classrooms, and undertakes the hypothesis that service
learning programs particularly in developing countries can play an important
role in supporting poor microenterprises. The paper also reviews the program
impact and evaluates the effectiveness of the service learning programs in
stimulating entrepreneurs and students learning.

Keywords: Small Enterprises, Support Programs, Service Learning, Impact
Measurement

INTRODUCTION

The micro and small firm base constitutes an important feature of the industrial
structure of most countries. In developing economies, this trend is reinforced
by the overwhelming presence of microenterprises (MEs) or self-employment units,
a subset of the informal sector, which are run by modest entrepreneurs who
engage in survival activities because they lack of better alternatives for a
living (Biggs, et. al., 1998). Although the proliferation of these units may be
seen as a consequence of the job markets failures and downturn, their
contribution to the increase of non-agricultural labor force in some developing
countries is high (Mead, 1994). Discussions whether these figures should be
viewed as a sign of success or failure in countries are still going on and a
definite conclusion is uncertain, but it is factual that many governments have
come to recognize their importance and are placing considerable emphasis on the
promotion of this segment of the economy (Daniels and Mead, 1998). This is true
also for some development multilateral agencies such as the World Bank, the
Inter-American Development Bank, and the Economic Commission for Latin America
and the Caribbean, which regard their promotion as a market-based strategy for
poverty alleviation. In this arena, Higher Education Institutions (HEI) through
entrepreneurial support programs particularly in developing countries can render
potentially a significant contribution in supporting challenged productive
units. Efforts toward this direction can be undertaken under Community Service
(CS), where students in the field of economics engage in problemsolving in their
communities as part of their training in microeconomics. Parallel to the MEs'
debate, there are also voices arguing for the implementation of actions to
improve the economics teaching of undergraduates (Becker and Watts, 2001;
Becker, 2003), and attempts to take alternative teaching methods to class rooms
in order to improve the atmosphere where students learn economics (Becker and
Watts, 1998). This paper pursues two aims regarding these challenging and
apparently unrelated issues. First, it explores a complementary method of
teaching economics founded in the service learning approach, a variant of the
learning-by-doing or experiential learning. Second, it evaluates the
effectiveness of service learning programs in which final-year students of
college engaged in CS provide microeconomic assistance to underprivileged MEs.
This approach may be helpful not only to provide economic consulting and
transfer some basic economic concepts to foster economic education among poor
entrepreneurs, but also to create more excitement in learning economics and
meaningfulness of the concepts reviewed in class. The paper suggests that most
of learning occurs outside the classrooms, and undertakes the hypothesis that
service learning programs particularly in developing countries can play an
important role in supporting poor microenterprises. The paper proceeds as
follows: Section 2 reviews the concept of Business Development Services (BDS)
and then section 3 presents general teaching methods and argues about the
importance of complementing the economic education with off campus practices
through service learning programs. Section 4 introduces to the Program for
Research, Assistance and Teaching of Small Enterprises (PRATS), an experience of
service learning based on the support of MEs. The model highlights the social
relevance of the concepts reviewed in lectures. Section 5 presents an assessment
of the impact of PRATS in terms of reach and impact on enterprise and students
learning. This is performed by the use of the program statistics and an
econometric model assessing the work of the students in a sample of MEs, and the
enterprises learning. Finally, section 6 provides a summary of the findings and
the concluding remarks.

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT SERVICES FOR SMALL BUSINESS

Business Development can be understood as a package of conditions providing the
elements for the businesses to prosper in a market based economy, where several
complementing institutions and organizations play a role. Perhaps the most
acknowledged elements for small business are financial and non financial
services. The former is compounded by the well known models of Microfinance, as
well as other services like deposits, insurance, and payment services. The later
includes a broad range of services attempting to provide the entrepreneurs some
basic assets for livelihood, particularly human capital, by developing skills
and knowledge (Carney, 1998). These services are often referred to as BDS:
training, technology transfer, marketing assistance, business advice, mentoring
and information, which are aimed at helping the entrepreneurs improve the
performance of their businesses (Goldmark, 1996).

It has been established among scholars and development agencies that financial
BDS at the level of MEs have walked toward sustainability by providing loans and
charging interest rates to cover for the opportunity cost of the service, thus
market provision has improved over time. Such a development has spread over the
smallest enterprises too, helping the middle and upper poor with entrepreneur
activities to sustain and expand their businesses (Johnson and Rogaly, 1997:
12). The story is quite different with regard Non-financial BDS, whose markets
have not developed, and still have to "demonstrate that they can create
profitable markets for their services" (Harper, 2001).

The reasons explaining why BDS for small businesses have not taken off are
multiple. A first element obstructing the market provision of these services is
that most small business people do not consider buying other services different
from financial, such as technical or management training, counseling or
marketing information. Thus, convincing them that they need them, or making them
actually buy them when they recognize they need the services is an important
issue in developing this market. In fact, there is an unstructured observation
that most small enterprises need, but do not demand BDS, as consequence the
market for these services is small (Phansalkar and Sriram, 2001). Second, since
micro-entrepreneurs "wear many hats" in their businesses and most BDS are
delivered as classes or sessions out of their businesses, the willingness to
demand such services is lessened even when they are provided through a
subsidized program, because of the high opportunity cost the entrepreneur face
undertaking these services. Another reason is that BDS are more difficult to
deliver than financial services, due to the large range of problems the MEs face
(Schreiner, 1999), making general methods of training, advice provision, and
counseling, unsuited in many cases, reducing the value of the services to the
entrepreneurs. It has been proposed that on-call responses to specific problems
can be a more promising area in supporting these units (Drury, et. al., 1994),
but again provision difficulties because the extended trained staff needed to
cover such as broad menu of specific problems the small businesses confront
with, and the small scale of transactions that would rise the cost of provision
of the service. In addition, deepening human capital in the form of
entrepreneurship goes beyond of what can be taught in short courses transferring
business skills. In fact, it is more difficult to shape an entrepreneur culture
and transfer skills than providing financial services like giving loans to
purchase inputs (Schreiner and Woller, 2003), although the former is able to
provide a long run sustainability of the business rather than a one period
benefit. A final reason is that they have been traditionally offered in
conjunction with loans and other financial services (Goldmark, 1996), or
"informally provided, or are "embedded" or "bundled" within other business
relationships" (Harper, 2001). Thus, many entrepreneurs indirectly demand BDS as
an eligibility requirement for receiving another service benefit, like financial
resources.

The preceding discussion exacerbate for survival MEs, and provision of BDS
becomes even more challenging, although there are now successful experiences in
sustainable microfinance programs over the developing world to support the poor.
First, BDS particularly those to expand their business skills are constrained by
the reduced schooling of these enterprises, so the scope of learning that is
possible to achieve diminishes. Second, their opportunity cost of engaging in
training programs increases substantially relative to larger enterprises since
they generate survival levels of sales and profits, making practically
impossible for them to buy the services by themselves. Consequently, the market
for BDS at this level is null. Nevertheless, as for larger firms, this fact does
not preclude the essential nature of the services to help enterprises, as result
there is an understanding that BDS must be provided by the support of subsidies
at the level of MEs, and efforts toward delivering those services have been made
by organizations under different schemes. The question behind the provision of
basic BDS is perhaps not whether they can create profitable markets, like those
for microfinance, or how to create them, but rather how to deliver them with
adequacy and sustainability as to raise peoples' basic capabilities to take care
of their businesses in order to improve welfare, given their limited
alternatives for a living in the job markets.

THE RELEVANCE OF SERVICE LEARNING PROGRAMS IN ECONOMICS EDUCATION

A survey conducted by Becker and Watts (2001) suggested that "the dominant
picture of the U.S undergraduate economics teacher continues to be a male,
Caucasian, with Ph.D. degree, who has not written or edited a book within the
past five years, who lectures to a class of students as he writes text,
equations or graphs on the chalkboard and who assigns students readings from a
standard textbooks". This picture underlines a reality of a teaching method that
promotes an environment where the students passively listen to the teacher with
out any direct involvement in the process or any feedback from or exchange with
the professor or other students. This passiveness is reflected in the lack of
experience to look for and use data, analyze real world situations with the
support of the theories and instruments learned in class and discuss issues
beyond the textbook. This method does not encourage students to propose
solutions and become agents of change. As consequence, students do not achieve
enough experience to respond and perform well when facing real world problems
and to respond to the context's needs for solutions. This is a major reason
explaining why students consider the concepts and instruments taught in class
are abstract and not so useful.

To overcome the extensive use of this method in economics education and
stimulate economic reasoning in the students, some economists have moved toward
Active Learning (A-L) (Siegfried et. al., 1991). This method provides structured
opportunities for students to apply economic ideas as to answer questions and
solve problems (Salemi et al., 2001) and is based on the argument that students
must do more than just listen, which is highly associated to lecturing or other
passive methods. Students must read, write, discuss, be engaged in solving
problems and perform higher-order thinking tasks as analysis, synthesis, and
evaluation. Strategies promoting A-L are those involving students in doing
activities and thinking about what they are doing (Bonwell and Eison, 1991).
Several techniques having increasing importance to incorporate A-L into the
economics classroom are pausing on lectures in order to allow students to
consolidate their notes, including brief demonstrations, short and ungraded
writing exercise, developing group discussions; feedback and guided lectures and
using debates, problem-solving models and role playing.

Although A-L has taken economic education steps forward, it is not free of
limitations: students still are kept in classrooms, in a closed, stable and
controlled environment, using simulated data, with no linkage to the social,
cultural and professional context. The influential hypothesis suggesting that
most of learning occurs outside the classrooms (Sprague, 1993) is still being
disregarded. The fact that students have a hard time adapting to off-campus
practices, applying the concepts and analytical instruments their professors
lectured in class when facing real problems, and lacking of some practice to
become agent of change, still remains unanswered in economics education.
Students in economics are usually required to analyze sets of equations and
graphs from textbooks and to use the predetermined data provided. They do not
have to go backward, find and manage the data as to structure it in a meaningful
way. In other words, someone else does the work for the students consequently
they loose the opportunity to learn by doing the every day of an economic
analyst.

In the real world, information for economic analysis is diverse, unclassified
and seldom easy to handle with out previous manipulation, nor easy to find as
clean as suggested by theory and the problems from textbooks. In turn,
information has to be manipulated and arranged to fit the reality one wants to
explore and the theories explaining it. These skills can only be acquired by
practice, not only by working with real data, but by facing the same unorganized
environment where data is generated. Students must pass through all the way from
finding the sources, processing the information, applying economic instruments
to analyze the data, generating useful results and proposing solutions. Students
must do it to achieve higher learning. This constitutes the foundation
supporting that learning is the consequence of relevant application and practice
of concepts (Nowotny, el al., 2001), which is in the grounds of the well known
more general method of learning-by-doing (L-D) or experiential learning coined
by Dewey (1938). Literature on this approach argues that knowledge is part and
result of the activity, the context and culture where it is used; learning and
doing are elements that can not be separated. It has been established that L-D
covers the whole range of learning form the most basic every day learning to
higher learning (Kivinen and Ristela, 2002), so promoting L-D practices in the
economic teaching of colleges and universities should be strategic issue in the
curricular work.

An approach to establish L-D method while highlighting the social relevance of
the work performed by universities is Service Learning (S-L). This derivation of
the L-D method can be regarded as an extension of the general concept of CS with
the inclusion of a learning component that may carry academic credits or may be
part of a specific course requirement (Rhoads, 1997). The fundamental idea is
that students learn and develop themselves trough active participation in
communitarian experiences organized and led by faculty, where they have the
opportunity to apply the concepts and instruments recently acquired to help
their community (Yates and Yuniss, 1999). This learning oriented service may
have desirable effects on the students' sense of identity and social equity and
stimulate their moral, social and civic values. At the same time, if the work is
well targeted to benefit the poorest, it may also have significant social
returns in terms of improved wellbeing of the beneficiaries.

Mexico's Constitution incorporates CS since 1945 as a requirement for students
in higher education to obtain a degree in all disciplines. CS has been a
strategy to combat urban and rural poverty as it provides trained labor force to
build roads, bridges, provide basic education and professional assistance in
many fields. In addition, it is a noble institution and a major strategy to
extend the benefits of science and technological development to the disfavored
sectors of the Mexican Society (Mungaray and Ocegueda, 2000). This fact, allows
for the use of the S-L method in Mexican higher education, giving senior
students the opportunity to apply their profession, access their social context
and develop a feeling of affection for their community and the value of
solidarity (Mungaray and Sanchez, 2003).

THE PROGRAM FOR RESEARCH, ASSISTANCE AND TEACHING OF SMALL ENTERPRISES

Background

PRATS was created as a CS program in 1999 at the Autonomous University of Baja
California (UABC), Tijuana, Mexico with the participation of few students and
MEs, but was implemented systematically since 2001 with the support of funds. In
the most general way, PRATS has been designed to take advantage of the human and
physical capital, as well as other intangible assets already in possession of
the Public Universities System. It also attempts to fit the organization and
institutional arrangements governing HEI, to the growing concern of the
government and other non government organizations about microenterprise
development, and on sustainable ways to care for such a broad sector of society.
Thus, resources such as faculty, students, networks, facilities, equipment, and
other assets become more socially profitable by being optimally used in favor of
society (Mungaray, 2002). At the same time, Constitutional commandments embedded
in universities are more fully accomplished, such as creating human capital
linked to the country's need, extending the science and technological progress
to society, and organizing the constitutional CS as to benefit the unprivileged
agents (Mungaray and Ocegueda, 2000).

The main objectives of PRATS are delivering BDS in situ at no cost to
unprivileged enterprises, conduct research on small firm development, and build
up a model of teaching, and learning for students in the field of Economics,
Business, Management, and surrounding disciplines. From the HEI perspective,
PRATS constitutes a Service Learning approach of teaching, encouraging the
students' professional learning, experience and entrepreneurial skills; and a
research-action method of doing research while providing care, thus not only
empowering their linkage to society, and the teaching-learning process, but also
making pertinent research. The following Chart represents the main goals of the
program, which are consistent with the purposes of the public Higher Education
System. This creates an institutional synergy in favor of microenterprise
development.

[ILLUSTRATION OMITTED]

The program provides the students the opportunity to apply their profession,
access their social context, and develop a feeling of affection for their
community and the value of solidarity (Mungaray and Sanchez, 2003). Students in
PRATS attend the microenterprises for a twelve-week period and work as
consultants, developing a complete program of data collection, processing and
analysis, ending up in a report on the enterprise's performance to be provided
to the entrepreneurs, and comments for improvement. While the students involve
with the entrepreneurs, they transfer knowledge, economic and business concepts,
and management and technical skills, allowing these agents acquire some human
capital that they would have never gotten otherwise. In addition, the in situ
assistance constitutes also an on-call response to specific problems the
entrepreneurs confront with, where the students can serve as a consultant during
the weeks they engage in the enterprise operation.

The academic, educational and social impact of the project has been attractive
to NGO's, government organizations and some universities, which have funded
aiming to transform PRATS into a model that enable other HEI to reproduce it as
Service Learning program in their respective geographical regions.

The microenterprise-assistance feature of the program is intended to make free
provision of BDS by the students, as illustrated on Chart 2. The main service is
training, which is aimed to develop human capital in the organization by
transferring some economic education, accounting, finance, and cost techniques;
and business concepts as well as, as to improve entrepreneurs' assets for their
livelihood. There is not a specific method of doing this; rather it is a
spontaneous process arising naturally as the relation between the students and
the entrepreneurs strengthens, and it is enhanced by the entrepreneurs' interest
in learning these techniques as tools for their businesses.

[ILLUSTRATION OMITTED]

Other services are also provided such as marketing and business advice, where
elements like economic and financial evaluation, cost analysis, market analysis,
and marketing strategies are introduced to assess the performance of the
enterprise. With this, the students as consultants gather elements to provide
counsel to the enterprise on how the business can be improved, or whether the
business is able to be financed for investments by a microfinance institution.

Finally, the program makes provision of information particularly on regulations
ruling the business environment, financial services from government or
non-government programs and institutions, other non financial services, among
other useful information not at hands of the entrepreneurs.

The Model of Microenterprise Assistance

PRATS has an operation model executed in five phases: Students Recruiting,
Students Training, Microenterprise Search and Listing, Assistance Stage, and
Analysis and Evaluation. These phases are exhibited on Chart 3, along with the
basic features and instruments used at each stage.

Students Recruiting

The model incorporates students in management, business, economics, and related
fields, fulfilling the requirements for CS enrollment, with a background in
small firm studies, by having taken or being enrolled in the course Small Firm
Analysis. Participating faculty evaluate students' applications for the program
and schedule a meeting with the students group, which is intended to familiarize
with the students and describe the main components of the program. The meeting
is also intended to emphasize the importance of the work the students are doing
as part of their CS in favor of the microenterprises.

The students who have enrolled in the program typically have studied careers in
the fields of business management, accounting, marketing, economics, and
finance, but students in fields such as industrial engineering can be eligible
as well.

The Training Program

PRATS offers training as consultants for participating students trough the
course Small Firms Analysis, which yields academic units to students; and
through extracurricular sessions as well, right before the assistance stage. The
training program is intended to cover some basic elements the students are
applying in the enterprises in order to homogenize the framework of concepts
among the students of diverse backgrounds. The topics covered relates to MEs
development, where the experiences accumulated during the existence of the
program play an important role; and concepts of business, finances, economics,
marketing, and related subjects. It reviews many of the skills and techniques
studied along the students' career, using real data from previously assisted
small businesses. The training stage sets also the syllabus of what the students
are doing and testing in the enterprises. Thus, students in the program not only
comply with the compulsory CS to obtain their higher education degrees, but also
gain academic units, and develop affection for their community and higher values
such as solidarity and reciprocity.

The training program content may vary, including sections regarding the
Macroeconomic and Institutional Context, Market Analysis, Marketing, Theory of
Production, Theory of Costs, Finance, and Evaluation of Investment Projects
(Chart 3), which are thought by the University's specialized faculty in those
areas, and facilities. The training program is carried out with the support of
an ad hoc book and manual of applications prepared by the faculty which
constitute a permanent reference for students (Mungaray and Ramirez, 2004).

Listing Microenterpises

One of the disadvantages of some support programs is the need for the
entrepreneurs to attend the facilities of the service provider, and not the
other way around. This becomes a major element of discouragement for MEs to
receive services, since they must abandon their tasks and routines in their
businesses. Considering that entrepreneurs in MEs are multitasks: they perform
in areas such as management, production, sales, among others; leaving their
businesses produces a considerable opportunity cost. To overcome this, students
themselves look for the enterprises during the first weeks of operation of the
program, instead of being waiting for the entrepreneurs' registration. The
students visit marginalized neighborhoods, and proceed by knocking door by door
or asking the neighbors about entrepreneurs running small businesses. The
enterprises at this level produce indoor regularly, with modest signs
advertising the business, or no sign at all, and with out a specific business
location. It usually takes time to agree with the entrepreneurs to accept the
support, since they are sometimes skeptic about support programs, or refuse to
share information because of rivalry with other firms, or because they fear the
program is associated to tax collectors and government's regulators, as some may
be operating informally. However, rejection of the service provision is not so
frequent, perhaps because the entrepreneurs have nothing to lose and a great
deal to gain, and because higher education institutions have good reputation in
their geographical areas and are acknowledged by people, so their programs are
often welcome, particularly the institutionalized CS.

The eligible enterprises for the program are those considered as survival units.
Following the definition of the IDB (1997), these enterprises operate frequently
in the informal sector, whose single owner performs many of the relevant
activities in the business, employ predominantly family members, and have no
clear separation between the enterprise and the household's resources. These
units may be regarded as selfemployment, in response to the job markets failures
and downturn particularly in developing countries, and to the lack of
alternatives as employees because they have low schooling and training. This
definition is taken to practice by using normative criteria for eligibility as
shown on Chart 3, which is applied by the students in their search. According to
this criterion, the enterprises must be located in neighborhoods lacking of some
public utilities, official or institutional support by any other program, and
formal accounting or management system; and whose owners have no schooling,
elementary school, junior high, or high school at most. The entrepreneurs must
lack of any formal education or training in business or related fields, and must
be operating by the use of their experience and skills developed in the family
or previous jobs. This criterion makes easier arriving to the most impoverished,
assuring the pertinence of the work performed by students, and materializing the
social returns of the program.

[ILLUSTRATION OMITTED]

The Assistance Phase

The microenterprise assistance consists of weekly visits to the enterprises
where the students get involved in the daily operation of the enterprise, with
the consent of the entrepreneur. The exchanges between the entrepreneurs and the
students enhance learning transfers in both ways: form the entrepreneur to the
students and vice versa. The in situ consulting provides some economic
education, transmission of knowledge and techniques to those entrepreneurs,
enabling them acquire some additional assets to improve livelihoods, with out
abounding their business' routines. The assistance phase requires the use of a
set of instruments and tools to formalize the relation between the entrepreneurs
and the University, characterize the enterprise profile, systematize the data
collection and report generation, construct statements and indicators to
evaluate the productive units, and gather valuable information from the field
work the students are doing. These tools are the Agreement, Diagnosis, Field
Reports, Schedule of Indicators, and the Software for Microenterprise Assistance
(SAM), listed and described in Chart 4 next.

As the assistance goes on, the consultants register and collect data, and train
the entrepreneurs perform these tasks as to introduce in the organization the
use of information for the decision making, the control of operations, and the
performance assessment of the enterprise. Unfortunately, most of the
microentrepreneurs at this level rarely know about the real figures of their
businesses, as consequence they do not keep track of their costs, revenues and
profits, as long as the activity provides for a living. Thus, a first impact in
the entrepreneur is realizing on the enterprise real figures.

The students not only practice the concepts reviewed in class, but live
invaluable experiences in the real world from the entrepreneurs, whereas the
entrepreneurs learn useful concepts and techniques to apply in their business.
The students are required to collect data on production, costs, sales, working
hours, assets, number of workers, prices and wages. In addition, they are also
required to collect qualitative data such as the socioeconomic characteristics
of the firms, the marketing strategies, markets, production processes, and other
information that may be useful. Although most of the MEs in the program do not
register their operations and have no historical data because they lack the
entrepreneurial skills and expertise, collecting data for these enterprises is
feasible though the use of the instrument Schedule of Indicators by the
students, which is described next on Chart 4. This tool allows registering the
daily operations of the enterprise, and managing data in reports and statements
as desired. The information generated and processed in the context of PRATS is
inedited; there is not other data source in Mexico at such a disaggregated level
enterprise-by-enterprise, which allows perform original research.

Analysis and Evaluation

At the end of the assistance period in the enterprise, students analyze the data
they collected in order to assess the enterprise formally for a written report.
This stage is developed by the support of the Copy righted Software for
Microenterprise Assistance (SAM) described on Chart 4. The software generates
economic and financial reports such as Cost Analysis, Income Statement, Net Cash
Flows, Proforma Income Statement, and Analysis of Financial Ratios and
Break-Even Point.

Then, the software performs the economic and finance assessment of an investment
financed hypothetically to promote the enterprises growth and profits, under two
financing scenarios: commercial banking and government microfinance institution.
The indicators provided by SAM are Net Present Value, the Period of Investment
Recoup, and the Profit to Cost Ratio, which determine whether the enterprise is
able to repay the loans and be better off. The result is written on a report
signed by the University which certifies that the enterprise was enrolled in the
support program, and specifies an amount of microfinance the enterprise is able
to handle with out risk of getting worse off.

ASSESSING PRATS

There is not definite answer in how to perform assessment on programs for
enterprise support, particularly in the case of such a micro level enterprises.
The impact tracking system generally include qualitative and quantitative data,
estimate either economic, financing or social impact, and reflect the diversity
of the supported microenterprises and the programs' mandates (Hyman and Dearden,
1998). These authors also classify the indicators depending on the level they
intend to assess such as the enterprise, the household, and the community
levels. In practice, each particular program has either a particular set of
indicators at the best, or no evaluation system at all. PRATS has been evaluated
by the use of different methods at different points in time. The program does
not have a consolidated data base yet, due to the fact that efforts during these
six years horizon have been to spread and diffuse the program wherever has been
possible, as consequence an extensive overall evaluation is not available yet.
Research is currently on progress, first to consolidate a unique data base for
all regions, and then to perform an extensive overall assessment for the
program. Preliminarily, the available indicators are the number of supported
MEs, number of participating students, and number of regions covered. The
program has available data of a sample of MEs basically generated in 2001-2003
period.

Supported MEs, Participating Students and Regions

According to Chart 5, along the existence of the program, a total of 1573
microenterprises have been supported by 981 students working as consultants. The
number of supported units increased substantially from the initial period
2001-2003 to the period 2004-2007, because of the extensive diffusion which
permitted implementing the program in an increased number of cities of four
provinces of Mexico distributed country wide: Baja California, Mexico City,
Nayarit and Yucatan (Chart 6). The figures of Baja California are of particular
magnitude, about 85% of the supported enterprises and 89% of the participating
students. Three more regions are being incorporated on August 2007: Sonora, Baja
California Sur and Sinaloa.

[GRAPHIC OMITTED]

[ILLUSTRATION OMITTED]

Measuring Enterprise Learning: Can Students Make a Difference?

The contribution of service learning strategies to support microenterprises was
approached through the estimation of learning curves (LC). The objective of this
procedure was measuring the extent to which the enterprises showed improvements
over the period of the internships, which may be associated to the service
learning program. As by-product, the estimation method indirectly evaluates
students learning through their capacity to apply knowledge to modify the
reality of the firms they work with. This constitutes a stronger test of
learning for the group of students involved in these activities than in-class
examinations, since it not only places the constraints of knowing and applying
economic concepts and tools, but also use them as to generate improvements.
However, this is an experiment associated to the group of students rather than a
practical way of grading students to be part of their transcripts.

Learning curves are often estimated departing from the standard equation found
in literature:

(1) [MATHEMATICAL EXPRESSION NOT REPRODUCIBLE IN ASCII]

where [c.sub.t] = Average cost at time period, [c.sub.0]= Average cost at the
initial period, [n.sub.t] = Cumulative output produced up to (but not including)
time period t, [[alpha].sub.c] = Elasticity of average cost with respect to
cumulative volume (typically negative) and [u.sub.t] = Stochastic disturbance
term reflecting the effect of randomness in the cost-production processes.

Equation 1 can be approximated econometrically by the equation (2), where
variable are natural logged.

(2) ln[c.sub.t] = ln[c.sub.0] [[alpha].sub.c] ln[n.sub.t] + [u.sub.t]

Learning requires the parameter to be negative and statistically significant,
implying the negative relation between average cost and cumulative production
when learning takes place. The size of the parameter represents the speed at
which learning occurs.

Estimating equation 2 is not free of complications as it is based on the
assumption of Constant Returns to Scale (CRS). If the CRS assumption fails to
fit the data under study, then the estimated parameter [[alpha].sub.c] is at
risk of being underestimated or overestimated, and would lead to an omitted
variable bias. As consequence, the estimated parameter would attribute the
reduction in average cost to learning when in fact part is due to non CRS in
production. To deal with this problem, we follow Berndt (1991) who proposes a
method of integrating the LC to the cost function to deal with returns to scale.
Assuming the two-input Cobb-Douglas production function on 3:

(3) [MATHEMATICAL EXPRESSION NOT REPRODUCIBLE IN ASCII]

Where [y.sub.t] and the [x.sub.t]'s are output and inputs respectively,
[A.sub.t] is the parameter reflecting the state of knowledge, the returns to
scale (r) are [[alpha].sub.1] + [[alpha].sub.2], and accordingly, economies of
scale are written as r - 1.

For the two-input case, costs may be written generally as in 4:

(4) C = [p.sub.1][x.sub.1] + [p.sub.2] [x.sub.2]

The dual approach of cost minimization leads to the derivation of the cost
function in equation 5:

(5) [MATHEMATICAL EXPRESSION NOT REPRODUCIBLE IN ASCII]

We can set the cost function in 5 in a more tractable way by assuming
[MATHEMATICAL EXPRESSION NOT REPRODUCIBLE IN ASCII] and applying natural log to
obtain the equation in 6.

(6) ln [C.sub.t] = ln k + (1/r) ln [y.sub.t] + ([[alpha].sub.1]/r) ln [p.sub.1r]
+ ([[alpha].sub.2]/r) ln [p.sub.2t]

In order to integrate learning in the cost equation, recall that k depends on
At, the parameter reflecting advances in state of knowledge, which is closely
related to the LC. Thus, it is possible to assume [MATHEMATICAL EXPRESSION NOT
REPRODUCIBLE IN ASCII], where the state of knowledge in time period t now is
defined as the cumulative level of output up to period t, to obtain the
definition [MATHEMATICAL EXPRESSION NOT REPRODUCIBLE IN ASCII]. By plugging this
new k integrating learning to the cost function in 6 results in equation 7,
where [MATHEMATICAL EXPRESSION NOT REPRODUCIBLE IN ASCII].

(7) ln [C.sub.t] = ln k' + ([[alpha].sub.c]/r) ln [n.sub.t] + (1/r) ln [y.sub.t]
([[alpha].sub.1]/r) ln [p.sub.1t] + ([[alpha].sub.2]/r) ln [p.sub.2t]

Assuming that input prices t p1 and t p2 are fixed, which is reasonable in short
periods of time, and subtracting t y ln from both side of the equation, we are
left with the average cost function [c.sub.t] which differentiates from the
typical LC in equation 2 by the inclusion of t y ln to allow for non-constant
returns to scale.

(8) ln[c.sub.t] = ln k' + ([[alpha].sub.c]/r) ln [n.sub.t] + (1 - r/r) ln
[y.sub.t]

It is possible to add one more step to ease the hypothesis testing on returns to
scale by stating the identities ln k' [equivalent to] [[beta].sub.0],
[[alpha.sub.c]/r [equivalent to] [[beta].sub.1], (1-r/r) [equivalent to]
[[beta].sub.2] and plugging them in 8 to finally obtain equation 9.

(9) ln [c.sub.t] = [[beta].sub.0] + [[beta].sub.1] ln[n.sub.t] + [[beta].sub.2]
ln[y.sub.t]

Equation 9 is estimated by using ordinary least square. Afterward, CRS (r=1)
requires the execution of a t-test under the null hypothesis [[beta].sub.2] = 0,
against the alternative hypothesis [[beta].sub.2] [not equal to] 0 for
non-constant returns to scale. Scale effects are represented by movements along
the function in ln [c.sub.t]-ln [y.sub.t] space. The effect of learning are
represented in equation 9 through shifts down of the average cost function and
are captured by the parameter [[beta].sub.1], which is expected theoretically to
be negative for learning to take place ([[beta].sub.1]< 0). Thus, learning is
verified by looking at the sign of the parameter [[beta].sub.1] as first
approach. The statistical analysis of learning over equation 9 can be conducted
by determining the individual significance of [[beta].sub.1] using t-tests, or
by analyzing the overall significance of the model in terms of F-test, which
test jointly the parameters in the multiple regression under the null hypothesis
[[beta].sub.1] = [[beta].sub.2] = 0, and verifying that the estimates of exhibit
the theoretically expected signs. Handling with the hypothesis of the paper is
equivalent to testing learning in the enterprises as represented by the null
hypothesis [[beta].sub.1]< 0.

The Data of the MEs in the Sample

The data is derived from a sample (n) of 80 MEs operating in activities
classified in food products, whose data was collected trough PRATS. The
productive units in the sample are self-employed performing survival activities,
low value-added with reduced human capital and out of the state regulations, so
they are a subset of the informal economy. Chart 7 shows the basic figures of
the MEs under study. The data was collected on a daily basis by the students
enrolled in the program directly from the sample of enterprises in the state of
Baja California, on the northern border of Mexico, during the period 2001-2003.

The enterprises average 1.89 workers, generate a daily value added per
enterprise of $25.00 U.S in real terms, and have an average value of assets by
enterprise of $ 949.91. The daily value added per worker is $13.23 U.S dollars.
Converting these figures on a year basis working 5 days a week, the value added
per enterprise and per-worker would be about $6,000.00 and $3.175.00
respectively.

The human capital profile of the enterprises is low since 16.25% have no
schooling at all, whereas 65% have up to Junior High. The remaining MEs exhibit
Technical Education (13.75%) and only 5% High School. Most of the MEs of the
sample (68.75) have a vintage raging between 0 and 5 years, while only 31.25%
have longevity of more than 5 years. Considering the enterprises having been in
business for 10 years or more then the share falls to only 8%.

In order to benchmark the value of the activities performed by these MEs versus
a measure of the average income by worker in the state, we use the regional
minimum wage (MW) and the average remuneration in terms of this wage reference.
According to the National Institute of Statistics, Geography and Informatics
(INEGI), the Mexican official source, the daily minimum wage in the state was
$4.25 U.S dollars in 2005. According to computations based on INEGI, the average
remuneration weighted by population in the state is 4.45 this MW. An
extrapolation of this average remuneration on a yearly basis result in
remuneration per average person of $4,539 U.S dollars, about 25% lower than the
value added created by the average enterprise and 43% higher than the average
value added per worker in the sample. Thus, we may make the conjecture that the
level of productivity of the MEs in the sample is considerably lower than the
state average, which provides some more information about the enterprises under
study as compare with the overall productive sector in the state. However, a
more rigorous treatment of this issue would require an effort beyond the scope
of this work.

RESULTS AND DISCUSSION

The econometric results of the learning model in equation 9 show a great
dispersion of the statistics related to the 80 regressions, including the number
of observations employed in each of them. This data varies significantly
according to the available information in the range between 23 and 91 daily
observations. This is explained by the fact that the time period of the
information which was possible to obtain from the MEs in the sample diverge as
consequence of several case-specific factors related to the MEs and the students
doing the internships. The explanatory capacity of the variables included
([n.sub.t], [y.sub.t]) measured by the statistic adj. R2 is also heterogeneous
among the enterprises' regressions but in general there is a good fit. The
overall significance of the regressions as measured by the F-tests is also fine
in most of the cases. The statistic DW for serial correlation is reported as
well, which suggests the rejection of the null hypothesis in the majority of the
regressions. Those cases falling on the acceptance area for serial correlation
were corrected by introducing lags of the dependent variable as regressors using
the Akaike Info Criterion. The coefficient associated to the scale [y.sub.t] is
significant for most of the cases, except for two where the hypothesis of
constant return to scale was not rejected. These results are presented in Chart
9. A summary of the results associated to the hypothesis is exhibited on Chart
8.

As illustrated on the preceding table, a total of 53 MEs exhibited a negative
relation between average cost and cumulative production over the internship
period, which is represented by [[beta].sub.1]<0 as suggested by theory for
learning to take place. The F-statistic for those cases reports the overall
significance of the model, supporting the learning hypothesis for these cases.
Learning is also verified by testing the significance of the parameter
[[beta].sub.1], under the null hypothesis [[beta].sub.1]=0. This procedure
reports that 24 of the MEs (30%) showed learning (a negative and statistical
significant relation between [c.sub.t] and [n.sub.t] over the period) at 10% or
5% statistical significance. In sum, about 66% of the analyzed cases exhibited
evidence of learning according to the theoretically expected sign for the
relevant parameter. It is also observed that some of the regressions exhibit a
positive relation between [c.sub.t] and [n.sub.t], but only 12 of these (15%)
were statistically significant at 5 or 10%. The balanced results favor the
hypothesis that the S-L program where students in final year of their career get
involved in communitarian activities assisting MEs, can contribute to their
performance.

There is much to argue about the reasons explaining the benefits to
micro-entrepreneurs derived from getting in touch with senior students that may
be operating, although it is not possible to conjecture that all learning
experiences in the sample relate to the service learning program and the
students enrolled, other factors may have contributed to the average cost
reduction.

Perhaps one of the most convincing factors operating emerges from economic
theory and regards the well established principle of marginal returns.

We may state this as follows:

10) [partial derivative]y ([x.sub.0],[z.sub.0])/[partial derivative]x > [partial
derivative]y([x.sub.1][z.sub.0])/[partial derivative]x provided that [x.sub.0] <
[x.sub.1]

Inequality 10 suggests that returns at the margin in terms of output from
increasing input x cetiris paribus ([z.sub.0]) are higher the scarcer is the
input. If we call learning x, then the transfer of knowledge from students
almost awarded with a degree in economics to modest untrained and low-educated
entrepreneurs having low x, may bring large returns in terms of average cost
reduction and learning consequences in the enterprise. These knowledge
spillovers may take the form of basic principles of economics, unsophisticated
ideas, advice, hints, technical aspects, including motivational stimulus, and
some general economic education to improve decision making.

A some what similar reasoning applies in situations where the entrepreneurs are
engaged full time in a routine of production-distribution in their business, and
have no time left to do the planning and think about how to do things better as
to rise profitability. It may be that entrepreneurs have reached a point where
no new ideas are generated due to fatigue. The consulting services by the
students focused naturally on the planning and serve as a refreshing flow of
ideas complementing the experience of the entrepreneurs and bringing good
consequences on the firm performance.

Some cases exhibited a positive relation between average cost and cumulative
production. These cases may be associated to misleading consulting, but also to
factors not accounted for in the estimated model: technology changes and labor
turnover and its impact on learning. Other factors may emerge due to the nature
of the enterprises under study whose management lies basically on the owner, who
may get sick or his/her relatives, be depressed or discouraged, or just tired,
with consequences on the enterprise performance. The consulting itself by the
students may be another factor, particularly if it was to persuade the
entrepreneur to improve the quality of the good searching for higher profits. In
this case the increased average cost may be associated with good consulting, but
this can not be traced since profits and revenues are not presented in the
paper.

As for the students' learning, although it was not measured directly by the use
of quizzes or other traditional means, the program by itself through the
experience provided are compatible with influencing streams of education
suggesting the inseparability of learning and doing. These state that learning
is the consequence of activity, that is, the relevant application and practice
of concepts, and highlight the importance of the context and culture where
knowledge is used, and the social relevance of what is studied by the
undergraduates (Dewey,1938; Rhoads, 1997; Yates and Yuniss, 1999; Nowotny, et
al., 2001; and Kivinen and Ristela, 2002). The program by itself is a method of
teaching brought in the economic education, based on a well developed discussion
in the educational field. The students' experience is necessarily meaningful not
only because students apply in the real world techniques and instruments of
microeconomic analysis organized under a syllabus, but because they engage in
communitarian activities developing higher values in the students such as
cooperation, reciprocity and solidarity where they see themselves as part of a
public effort to care for the underprivileged ones.

CONCLUSIONS

Unemployment, underemployment, and poverty has exacerbated in the past decades
in most regions, particularly in developing countries. Two tendencies have
contributed in this problematic: the mismatch between the job markets
requirement of human capital, and the prevailing uneducated labor force, keeping
large segments of population away from formal employment. People have carried
entrepreneurial activities for making a living by establishing MEs and taking
advantage of some skills learned in previous jobs or in family. As larger firms,
these enterprises require a package of services to succeed in the market,
particularly the provision of human-capital-related services. Education can be
considered a public good because of its large external effects, thus its
provision has been either totally or partially subsidized, and also provided by
markets. Agents require an investment to acquire education and training for
their livelihoods, most of it taking the form of opportunity cost. Poor people
is not able to cover this investment and have to rely on basic education, in-job
training, own experience, and some skills learned in their lives. A great deal
of the most general skills, knowledge, and information required to succeed in
markets are simply absent in these people's assets, making their provision a
basic right and component of human development. Schemes should be developed in
order to provide basic BDS off the market in order to get many MEs in the
market. PRATS has played a role in this discussion by delivering economically
BDS to this segment of MEs, constituting a model of what a HEI can do as a
reciprocity act based on the CS, where privileged agents having received higher
education compensate the underprivileged that have not been able to invest in
human capital. The program has shown its ability to take advantage of human,
institutional and physical resources already released to HEI to support this
segment of enterprise extensively, as to make less critical the use of resources
as subsidies.

Following educational streams suggesting that most of learning -or at least a
significant part of it- occurs outside the classrooms and is the consequence of
application and practical relevance of the concepts reviewed, the paper also
introduced PRATS as a complementary method of teaching economics, as well as
other business related subjects. The paper undertook the hypothesis that service
learning programs particularly in developing countries can play an important
role in supporting underprivileged agents such as MEs. In stressing its point,
the article presented an advance by proposing approaching learning of the
students enrolled in the program through the assessment of the enterprises
performance as measured by the learning curve model. As a result, the paper
introduced a method to test students and enterprise learning simultaneously to
approach the contribution that students can make through off-campus practices.

There is much to argue on the benefits to MEs derived from a support program
like PRATS which incorporates final year students, as is there skeptic
arguments. Perhaps one of the most convincing is the argument that transfers of
knowledge from students almost awarded with a higher education degree to
untrained and low-educated entrepreneurs having low human capital may bring
large returns in terms of performance improvements in the MEs. These knowledge
spillovers may take the form of basic principles of business related topics,
unsophisticated ideas, advice, hints, technical aspects, including motivational
stimulus, and some general economic education to improve decision making. A some
what similar reasoning applies in situations where the entrepreneurs are engaged
full time in a routine of production-distribution in their business, and have no
time left to do the planning and think about how to do things better as to rise
profitability. It may be that entrepreneurs have reached a point where no new
ideas are generated due to fatigue. The consulting services by the students
focused naturally on the planning and serve as a refreshing flow of ideas
complementing the experience of the entrepreneurs and bringing good consequences
on the firm performance. It is argued that students learning emerge as a by
product of the method of teaching employed which is based on well established
theories of learning. Whether the students were able provide helpful advices to
the MEs as to impact their efficiency through an average cost reduction or not,
and the extent at which they were able to transform the reality of these
enterprises may be considered as a demanding criteria of learning, and also
impractical in the registrar's office sense.

It is proposed that this way of testing learning from the enterprise perspective
is a pertinent method of assessing the social contribution of students in the
context of an assistance program; although there is a significant room for
improvements in future research. First, an improved method may include other
alternative variables related to the MEs performance in addition to average cost
such as sales, profits, and some qualitative variables like business strategies
and how they varied over the period, and technical improvements among others. On
the other hand, the implicit specification of variables related to the intensity
of the consulting such as the effort done by the students, the tracking and
analysis of the advices given over the assistance period, the number of hours
dedicated to the enterprises, to mention a few ones, may enrich the method
greatly. This is part of future research agenda.

The normative implications for development of the thoughts derived in this paper
are particularly important to developing countries, whose resource constraints
require policy innovation and the design of strategies improving the efficiency
of resource allocation to serve MEs. Community Service programs like PRATS have
the potential to benefit developing countries in three ways: by deepening the
social returns of public resources devoted to higher education, complementing
industrial policy with specific programs providing BDS economically, suitable to
the increasing sector of MEs; and by improving the teachinglearning process in
HEI.

REFERENCES:

Becker William E. and Michael Watts, "Teaching Methods in U.S. Undergraduate
Economics Courses". Journal of Economic Education, Vol. 32 (3) (Summer), 2001,
269-280.

Becker William E. and Michael Watts. "Teaching Economics at the Start of the
21st Century: Still Chalk-and-talk" The American Economic Review: Papers and
Proceedings. Vol. 91 (2) May 2001, 449-451.

Becker, William E. and M Michael. Watts, ed., Teaching Economics to
Undergraduates: Alternatives to chalk and talk, Elgar, Cheltenham, U.K, 1998.

Berndt, Ernst, The Practice of Econometrics: Classical and Contemporary, Addison
Wesley, New York, 1991.

Biggs Tyler, Merilee S. Grindle and Donald Shodgrass, "The Informal Sector,
Policy Reform, and Structural Transformation". In Beyond the Informal Sector:
Including the Excluded in Developing Countries, J. Jenkins Ed., Institute for
Contemporary Studies Press, San Francisco, 1998.

Carney, Diana. Ed., Sustainable Rural Livelihoods, what contribution can we
make?, Department of International Development, London, 1998.

Daniels, Lisa. and Donald. Mead. "The Contribution of Small Enterprises to
Household and National Income in Kenya". Economic Development and Cultural
Change, Vol. 47 (1), 1998, 45-71.

Dewey, John, Experience and Education. Macmillan Publishing, New York, 1938.

Drury, David, Stephen Walsh & Marlene Strong, Evaluation of the EDWAA Job
Creation Demonstration. Report Series 94-G, US Department of Labor Washington,
DC,1994.

Goldmark, Lara, "Business Development Services: A Frame Work for Analysis".
Working Paper No. MIC-101, Washington, D.C, December, 1996.

Harper, Malcom, "Business Development Services for Micro-Enterprises",
Enterprise Development Impact Assessment Information Service (EDIAIS),
Application Guidance Notes, 2001.

Hyman Erik and Kirk Dearden, "Comprehensive Impact Assessment Systems for NGO
Microenterprise Development Programs". World Development. Vol. 26 (2), 1998,
261-276.

Inter-American Development Bank, Microenterprise Development Strategy, 1997.

Johnson, Susan., & Ben Rogaly, Microfinance and Poverty Reduction. Oxfam,
Oxford, 1997.

Mead, Donald, The Contribution of Small Enterprises to Employment Growth in
Southern and Eastern Africa. World Development, Vol. 22 (12), 1994, 1881-1894.

Mungaray Alejandro, "Re-engineering Mexican Higher Education toward Economic
Development and Quality: The XXI century challenge", Higher Education Policy,
Vol. 15 (4), 2002, 391-399.

Mungaray Alejandro and Juan Manuel Ocegueda, "Community Social Service and
Higher Education in Mexico", Statistical Abstract of Latin America, Vol. 36.
2000.

Mungaray Alejandro and Maria Dolores Sanchez, "The Impact of Service Projects on
Micro-Enterprises in Mexican Marginalized Communities". In Service Enquiry:
Service in the 21st. Century, H. Perold, S. Stroud and M. Sherraden, ed., The
Global Service Institute, 2003.

Nowotny, Helga, Peter Scott, and Michael Gibbons, Re-thinking science: knowledge
and the public in an age of uncertainity, Cambridge: Polity Press, 2001.

Kivinen O. and P. Ristela.. "Even higher learning takes place by doing: from
postmodern critique to pragmatic action", Studies in Higher Education, Vol. 27
(4), 2002, 419-430.

Phansalkar S. J & M. S. Sriram, "BDS for small enterprises-a study of the
Hyderabad, India", Small Enterprise Development, Vol. 12 (2). June, 2001, 44-54.

Rhoads, Robert, Community Service and Higher Learning, Sate University of New
York Press, New York, 1997

Salemi Michael K., John Siegfried, Kim Sosin, William B. Walstad & Michael
Watts, "Research in Economic Education: Five New Initiatives", American Economic
Review, Vol. 91 (2), 2001, 440-445.

Schreiner, Mark, "Lessons for Microenterprise Programs from a Fresh Look at the
Unemployment Insurance Self-Employment Demonstration". Evaluation Review, Vol.
23 (5), 1999, 503-526.

Schreiner Mark and Gary Woller, "Microenterprise Development Programs in the
United States and in the Developing World", World Development, Vol. 31 (9),
2003, 1567-1580.

Siegfried, John J, Robin. L. Bartlet, W. Lee. Hansen, A. C. Kelley, D. N.
McCloskey, and Thomas. H. Tietenberg, "The Status and Prospects of the Economics
Major", Journal of Economic Education, Vol. 22 (3), Summer 1991, 197-224.

Sprague, Jo, "Why teaching works: The transformative power of pedagogical
communication". Communication Education, Vol. 42, 1993, 349-366.

Yates, Miranda, and James Yuniss, "Promoting Identity development: Ten ideas for
school based service learning programs", In Service learning for youth
empowerment and social change, J. Claus and C. Ogden. Ed. Peter Lang, 1999, New
York.

AUTHOR PROFILES:

Alejandro Mungaray Professor of microeconomics, industrial organization and
industrial policy at the School of Economics and International Relations (SEIR),
Universidad Autonoma de Baja California (UABC). He studied Phd. in Economics at
the Universidad Nacional Autonoma de Mexico, and the postdoctorate in Latin
American Economic History at UCLA. He has authored or coauthored 28 books, 38
book chapters, 60 articles in journals, 52 science diffusion magazines. He's
member of National System of Researchers in Mexico.

Martin Ramirez-Urquidy Professor of microeconomics, industrial organization and
institutions at SEIR, UABC. He has a Master in Economic Analysis granted by
California State Polytechnic University, a Master in Economics by Claremont
Graduate University were he also has PhD. studies in Economics. He has a Phd. in
Economic at the UABC. He is the co-editor of the Revista Universitaria de la
UABC (Multidisciplinary magazine).

Michelle Texis Professor of microeconomics, statistics, and small business
Economics at SEIR, UABC. She studied bachelor in economics at the Benemerita
Universidad Autonoma de Puebla, Mexico and a PhD. in Economics at the UABC.

David Ledezma Professor of Finance and Investment Projects at SEIR, UABC, where
He is currently the Dean. He studied bachelor in economics and Master in
International Relations at UABC, and PhD in Social Science at Universidad
Autonoma de Sinaloa, Mexico. He belongs to the Mexican National System of
Researchers.

Natanael Ramirez Professor of microeconomics, mathematics, and Small Business
Economics at SEIR, UABC. She studied bachelor in economics at the Universidad
Autonoma de Sinaloa, and Master degree in International Economic at UABC. Dr.
Ramirez studied PhD. in Economics at the UABC, and currently is PhD. Candidate
in Industrial Economics and Labor Relations at the Universidad de Castilla la
Mancha, Spain. He is member of the Mexican National System of Researchers.

Alejandro Mungaray, Universidad Autonoma de Baja California, MEXICO

Martin Ramirez-Urquidy, Universidad Autonoma de Baja California, MEXICO

Michelle Texis, Universidad Autonoma de Baja California, MEXICO

David Ledezma, Universidad Autonoma de Baja California, MEXICO

Natanael Ramirez, Universidad Autonoma de Baja California, MEXICO
CHART 4: PRATS' INSTRUMENTS
Instrument                         Description
Agreement          It is a written agreement subscribed by the
               entrepreneurs and the supporting institution (HEI),
                formalizing the support service, establishes the
               main elements of the collaboration and the scope of
                  the assistance, the commitment of the HEI to
                                     provide
                   BDS, the agents involved to each party, the
               commitment of the enterprise to allow the students
               get in the enterprise, and the non-liability of the
                      entrepreneur regarding the students.
Diagnosis         It is a survey applied by the students at the
                 beginning of the assistance phase. It includes
                  preliminary information about the enterprise:
                 identification data, socioeconomic information
                                      about
                    the owner and his/her family, data on the
                                   enterprise
               operations (revenues, costs, capital availability,
                    workers, human capital, and technical and
                   institutional information). It is used for
                     preliminary analysis on the enterprise.
Field Reports     This document is used to account for elements
                observed in the field work at the enterprise, but
                not included in the Diagnosis or the Schedule of
                 indicators. It captures elements such as family
                  relations, hierarchy, decision making, social
                 networks, cultural features, spending patterns,
                 attitudes toward the assistance program and the
                students, and other relevant elements and events.
Schedule of     It is a record of the enterprise's operations and
Indicators       indicators on a daily or weekly basis, such as
               sales, output, costs, usage of inputs, wages, among
                 other variables, which is used to construct the
                enterprise and program data base for analysis and
                  research. It is used by the students and the
                faculty, and it is included in the entrepreneurs'
                training. It captures the data in a by-enterprise
                                     basis.
Software for   It is special Copy Righted software to manage data
Microenterpris electronically from the schedule of indicators, and
e
Assistance      perform analysis in a fast and accurate way. The
(SAM)           software presents the data in an organized manner
                  and helps to obtain financial statements, and
                  economic and financial evaluation indicators.

CHART 7. SUMMARY OF INDICATORS OF THE ME'S IN THE SAMPLE
                                                   Economic
                                                  indicators
                                                   Value of
                                   Value            assets
                    added per    per Micro-         Value
           working  enterprise  Workers per       added per
Sample     day ($)     ($)     Microenterpris     worker ($)
(n)                                  e
80           25       949.91        1.89            13.23
                                                  Schooling
No                               Technical           High
education Elementar   Junior     education          School
              y        High
13           26         26           11               4
16.25%      32.5%     32.5%        13.75%             5%
                                                   Vintage
                                 More than        More than
Up to 1               1 to 5        5 to         More than 10
year                  years       10 years          years
26                      29           18               7
32.5%                 36.25        22.5%            8.75%

CHART 8. MES EXHIBITING LEARNING
                                   Significance
                                       level
                          5% &   [[beta].sub.1] <
                           10%           0
Number of MEs              24           53
Proportion over total      30           66
(%)

Chart 9.                       Econometric
                               Results of
                               Equation 9
i                                            [[beta [[beta [[beta [R.sup
                                             ].sub. ].sub. ].sub. .2] a
                                               0]     1]     2]
1 *                                          11.096 -1.293 -0.639 0.902
                                                    [0.000 [0.000 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
2                                            5.352  -0.038 -0.756 0.846
                                                    [0.000 [0.036 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
3                                            4.025  -0.016 -0.600 0.875
                                                    [0.000 [0.011 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
4 *                                          3.330  -0.029 -0.522 0.981
                                                    [0.000 [0.042 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
5                                            4.232  -0.015 -0.651 0.856
                                                    [0.000 [0.000 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
6 *                                          1.112  -0.097 -0.022 0.347
                                                    [0.000 [0.000 [0.453
                                                      ]      ]      ]
7                                            4.777  -0.023 -0.496 0.766
                                                    [0.000 [0.045 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
8 *                                          5.146  -0.254 -0.567 0.992
                                                    [0.000 [0.000 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
9                                            5.658  -0.046 -0.662 0.566
                                                    [0.000 [0.000 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
10                                           5.508  -0.205 -0.583 0.255
                                                    [0.000 [0.000 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
11                                           3.349  -0.018 -0.272 0.938
                                                    [0.000 [0.001 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
12                                           7.725  -0.069 -0.940 0.829
                                                    [0.000 [0.005 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
13                                           4.988  -0.018 -0.529 0.758
                                                    [0.000 [0.020 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
14                                           2.785  -0.001 -0.134 0.996
                                                    [0.000 [0.000 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
15 *                                         3.851  -0.004 -0.499 0.993
                                                    [0.000 [0.013 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
16 *                                         5.803  -0.070 -0.613 0.993
                                                    [0.000 [0.000 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
17 *                                         7.872  -0.740 -0.250 0.560
                                                    [0.018 [0.072 [0.051
                                                      ]      ]      ]
18                                           3.551  -0.053 -0.568 0.776
                                                    [0.000 [0.074 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
19                                           6.807  -0.057 -0.831 0.424
                                                    [0.000 [0.074 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
20                                           3.728  -0.005 -0.678 0.999
                                                    [0.000 [0.064 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
21 *                                         3.684  -0.046 -0.365 0.592
                                                    [0.000 [0.052 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
22 *                                         4.467  -0.011 -0.748 0.994
                                                    [0.000 [0.056 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
23                                           3.372  0.016  -0.688 0.978
                                                    [0.000 [0.000 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
24                                           4.939  0.014  -0.870 0.978
                                                    [0.000 [0.000 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
25                                           5.514  0.049  -0.420 0.893
                                                    [0.000 [0.000 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
26                                           3.890  0.156  -0.484 0.370
                                                    [0.000 [0.000 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
27                                           3.908  0.033  -0.392 0.415
                                                    [0.000 [0.000 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
28                                           4.096  0.029  -0.522 0.967
                                                    [0.000 [0.000 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
29                                           3.821  0.126  -0.971 0.823
                                                    [0.000 [0.009 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
30                                           1.897  0.009  -0.114 0.622
                                                    [0.000 [0.012 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
31                                           2.337  0.103  -0.299 0.546
                                                    [0.000 [0.000 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
32                                           2.986  0.534  -0.563 0.305
                                                    [0.001 [0.002 [0.005
                                                      ]      ]      ]
33                                           -0.632 0.394  -0.246 0.626
                                                    [0.526 [0.000 [0.095
                                                      ]      ]      ]
34                                           3.514  0.007  -0.652 0.997
                                                    [0.000 [0.094 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
35                                           4.198  -0.005 -0.762 0.995
                                                    [0.000 [0.119 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
36 *                                         5.189  -0.018 -0.912 0.757
                                                    [0.000 [0.391 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
37                                           2.769  -0.003 -0.177 0.758
                                                    [0.000 [0.117 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
39 *                                         3.740  -0.009 -0.710 0.493
                                                    [0.000 [0.936 [0.001
                                                      ]      ]      ]
40 *                                         4.434  -0.036 -0.784 0.746
                                                    [0.000 [0.454 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
41                                           5.124  -0.055 -0.674 0.937
                                                    [0.000 [0.227 [0.000
                                                      ]      ]      ]
i                                  DW          F      n      i    [[beta
                                                                  ].sub.
                                                                    0]
1 *                               2.131      138.52   47     41   1.848
                                               0
                                                           [0.000 [0.000
                                                             ]      ]
2                                 2.131      151.52   56    42 *  6.977
                                               2
                                                           [0.000 0.065
                                                             ]
3                                 1.646      134.98   39     43   4.376
                                               8
                                                           [0.000 [0.000
                                                             ]      ]
4 *                               1.366      294.43   26     44   2.386
                                               2
                                                           [0.000 [0.076
                                                             ]      ]
5                                 2.003      212.74   72     45   3.131
                                               0
                                                           [0.000 [0.000
                                                             ]      ]
6 *                               1.812      5.969    30     46   5.330
                                                           [0.003 [0.000
                                                             ]      ]
7                                 2.195      89.371   55     47   4.198
                                                           [0.000 [0.000
                                                             ]      ]
8 *                               1.956      2725.0   72     48   3.956
                                               78
                                                           [0.000 [0.000
                                                             ]      ]
9                                 1.438      55.084   84     49   4.783
                                                           [0.000 [0.000
                                                             ]      ]
10                                2.118      15.204   84     50   6.084
                                                           [0.000 [0.000
                                                             ]      ]
11                                           2.141  407.01   51   3.447
                                                      0
                                                           [0.000 [0.000
                                                             ]      ]
12                                2.032      175.61   55     52   6.554
                                               0
                                                           [0.000 [0.003
                                                             ]      ]
13                                1.885      58.927   73    53 *  6.031
                                                           [0.000 [0.000
                                                             ]      ]
14                                2.234      5962.7   38     54   7.179
                                               36
                                                           [0.000 [0.000
                                                             ]      ]
15 *                              2.101      1082.3   47     55   4.573
                                               85
                                                           [0.000 [0.000
                                                             ]      ]
16 *                              2.317      4206.5   90     56   6.142
                                               42
                                                           0.000  [0.000
                                                                    ]
17 *                              2.375      9.488    22     57   1.415
                                                           [0.001 [0.134
                                                             ]      ]
18                                1.384      47.714   28     58   4.232
                                                           [0.000 [0.000
                                                             ]      ]
19                                2.504      21.648   57     59   4.836
                                                           [0.000 [0.000
                                                             ]      ]
20                                2.160      18182.   25     60   2.107
                                              510
                                                           [0.000 [0.097
                                                             ]      ]
21 *                                         2.014  19.855  61 *  4.551
                                                           [0.000 [0.000
                                                             ]      ]
22 *                              1.985      885.48   36    62 *  5.240
                                               0
                                                           [0.000 [0.000
                                                             ]      ]
23                                0.226      1529.2   70    63 *  6.829
                                               79
                                                           [0.000 [0.000
                                                             ]      ]
24                                0.573      771.38   36    64 *  5.093
                                               4
                                                           [0.000 [0.000
                                                             ]      ]
25                                1.134      347.21   84    65 *  3.160
                                               3
                                                           [0.000 [0.001
                                                             ]      ]
26                                0.286      21.544   71     66   6.446
                                                           [0.000 [0.000
                                                             ]      ]
27                                0.314      30.002   84    67 *  4.784
                                                           [0.000 [0.000
                                                             ]      ]
28                                0.251      912.00   62     68   2.579
                                               9
                                                           [0.000 [0.000
                                                             ]      ]
29                                1.318      84.522   37     69   2.322
                                                           [0.000 [0.000
                                                             ]      ]
30                                2.405      42.140   51     70   1.092
                                                           [0.000 [0.000
                                                             ]      ]
31                                0.436      29.234   48     71   1.630
                                                           [0.000 [0.000
                                                             ]      ]
32                                1.389      6.710    27     72   1.303
                                                           [0.005 [0.000
                                                             ]      ]
33                                0.626      37.838   45     73   2.668
                                                           [0.000 [0.000
                                                             ]      ]
34                                1.500      4538.9   28     74   5.574
                                               22
                                                           [0.000 [0.000
                                                             ]      ]
35                                2.236      4832.8   47     75   4.450
                                               26
                                                           [0.000 [0.000
                                                             ]      ]
36 *                              2.020      51.929   51     76   0.175
                                                           [0.000 [0.077
                                                             ]      ]
37                                           2.115  131.01   77   5.061
                                                      9
                                                           [0.000 [0.000
                                                             ]      ]
39 *                              1.781      7.815    23     78   6.238
                                                           [0.002 [0.004
                                                             ]      ]
40 *                              1.983      88.225   91     79   4.452
                                                           [0.000 [0.000
                                                             ]      ]
41                                2.015      287.26   60     80   -4.338
                                               7
                                                           [0.000 [0.268
                                                             ]      ]
i                                                   [[beta [[beta [R.sup
                                                    ].sub. ].sub. .2] a
                                                      1]     2]
1 *                                                 0.015  -0.162 0.115
                                                           0.604] [0.070
                                                                    ]
2                                                   0.437  -0.210 0.759
                                                           0.266  0.021
3                                                   0.007  -0.655 0.926
                                                           0.331] [0.000
                                                                    ]
4 *                                                 0.001  0.113  -0.135
                                                           0.994] [0.654
                                                                    ]
5                                                   0.002  -0.413 0.946
                                                           0.649] [0.000
                                                                    ]
6 *                                                 0.001  -0.596 0.886
                                                           0.944] [0.000
                                                                    ]
7                                                   0.005  -0.762 0.995
                                                           0.109] [0.000
                                                                    ]
8 *                                                 0.003  -0.548 0.748
                                                           0.915] [0.000
                                                                    ]
9                                                   0.001  -0.863 0.983
                                                           0.658] [0.000
                                                                    ]
10                                                  0.395  -1.211 0.231
                                                           0.140] [0.035
                                                                    ]
11                                                  0.014  -0.347 0.501
                                                           0.347] [0.000
                                                                    ]
12                                                  0.098  -0.688 0.057
                                                           0.336] [0.041
                                                                    ]
13                                                  0.010  -0.928 0.999
                                                           0.315] [0.000
                                                                    ]
14                                                  0.019  -1.177 0.837
                                                           0.895] [0.000
                                                                    ]
15 *                                                0.003  -0.839 0.978
                                                           0.704] [0.000
                                                                    ]
16 *                                                0.001  -0.822 0.990
                                                           0.306] [0.000
                                                                    ]
17 *                                                0.156  0.117  -0.010
                                                           0.209] [0.677
                                                                    ]
18                                                  0.005  -0.581 0.944
                                                           0.537] [0.000
                                                                    ]
19                                                  0.009  -0.760 0.525
                                                           0.471] [0.000
                                                                    ]
20                                                  0.048  0.085  0.014
                                                           0.145] [0.765
                                                                    ]
21 *                                                0.010  -0.570 0.978
                                                           0.740  [0.000
                                                                    ]
22 *                                                0.004  -0.622 0.599
                                                           0.743] [0.000
                                                                    ]
23                                                  0.016  -1.163 0.460
                                                           0.657] [0.000
                                                                    ]
24                                                  0.107  0.535  0.976
                                                           0.243] [0.000
                                                                    ]
25                                                  0.003  -0.240 -0.014
                                                           0.916] 0.248
26                                                  0.000  -1.002 0.998
                                                           0.885] [0.000
                                                                    ]
27                                                  0.000  -0.360 0.998
                                                           0.908  [0.000
                                                                    ]
28                                                  0.026  -0.327 0.247
                                                           0.109] [0.004
                                                                    ]
29                                                  0.003  -0.392 0.992
                                                           0.576] [0.000
                                                                    ]
30                                                  0.010  0.015  0.015
                                                           0.277] [0.662
                                                                    ]
31                                                  0.016  -0.266 0.535
                                                           0.119] [0.000
                                                                    ]
32                                                  0.003  -0.015 0.058
                                                           0.266] [0.086
                                                                    ]
33                                                  0.002  -0.544 0.999
                                                           0.400] [0.000
                                                                    ]
34                                                  0.004  -0.977 0.844
                                                           0.827] [0.000
                                                                    ]
35                                                  0.002  -0.805 0.986
                                                           0.548] [0.000
                                                                    ]
36 *                                                0.001  -0.104 0.328
                                                           0.830] [0.000
                                                                    ]
37                                                  0.015  -0.582 0.394
                                                           0.504] [0.000
                                                                    ]
39 *                                                0.029  -0.981 0.085
                                                           0.527] [0.053
                                                                    ]
40 *                                                0.014  -0.482 0.204
                                                           0.743] [0.002
                                                                    ]
41                                                  0.037  0.492  -0.014
                                                           0.714] [0.316
                                                                    ]
i                                                     DW     F      N
1 *                                                 1.689  2.501    24
                                                                  [0.106
                                                                    ]
2                                                   2.156  61.734   60
                                                                  [0.000
                                                                    ]
3                                                   0.926  328.42   53
                                                             1
                                                                  [0.000
                                                                    ]
4 *                                                 1.909  0.105    16
                                                                  [0.901
                                                                    ]
5                                                   1.720  676.69   78
                                                             4
                                                                  [0.000
                                                                    ]
6 *                                                 1.441  160.62   42
                                                             8
                                                                  [0.000
                                                                    ]
7                                                   2.236  4832.8   47
                                                             26
                                                                  [0.000
                                                                    ]
8 *                                                 2.138  82.834   56
                                                                  [0.000
                                                                    ]
9                                                   1.636  1570.5   56
                                                             90
                                                                  [0.000
                                                                    ]
10                                                  1.702  4.756    26
                                                                  [0.019
                                                                    ]
11                                                  1.588  36.639   72
                                                                  [0.000
                                                                    ]
12                                                  2.367  2.868    63
                                                                  [0.065
                                                                    ]
13                                                  1.596  22703.   36
                                                            160
                                                                  [0.000
                                                                    ]
14                                                  1.697  60.144   24
                                                                  [0.000
                                                                    ]
15 *                                                2.136  797.15   37
                                                             9
                                                                  [0.000
                                                                    ]
16 *                                                2.433  1371.8   29
                                                             11
                                                                  [0.000
                                                                    ]
17 *                                                2.222  0.870    27
                                                                  [0.432
                                                                    ]
18                                                  1.804  229.42   28
                                                             7
                                                                  [0.000
                                                                    ]
19                                                  2.511  40.218   72
                                                                  [0.000
                                                                    ]
20                                                  2.317  1.151    23
                                                                  [0.336
                                                                    ]
21 *                                                2.041  356.97   91
                                                             2
                                                                  [0.000
                                                                    ]
22 *                                                1.920  29.797   80
                                                                  [0.000
                                                                    ]
23                                                  1.885  12.208   84
                                                                  0.000
24                                                  2.049  116.87   30
                                                             5
                                                                  [0.000
                                                                    ]
25                                                  1.925  0.661    78
                                                                  0.578
26                                                  2.460  14009.   52
                                                            740
                                                                  [0.000
                                                                    ]
27                                                  1.944  7831.4   48
                                                             48
                                                                  [0.000
                                                                    ]
28                                                  2.356  6.755    36
                                                                  [0.003
                                                                    ]
29                                                  1.946  1491.7   24
                                                             79
                                                                  [0.000
                                                                    ]
30                                                  0.668  0.863    20
                                                                  [0.440
                                                                    ]
31                                                  0.402  40.707   70
                                                                  [0.000
                                                                    ]
32                                                  1.947  2.149    38
                                                                  [0.132
                                                                    ]
33                                                  0.894  10448.   26
                                                            660
                                                                  [0.000
                                                                    ]
34                                                  3.139  114.74   43
                                                             8
                                                                  [0.000
                                                                    ]
35                                                  2.009  2562.9   72
                                                             72
                                                                  [0.000
                                                                    ]
36 *                                                1.767  11.755   45
                                                                  [0.000
                                                                    ]
37                                                  1.246  11.061   32
                                                                  [0.000
                                                                    ]
39 *                                                1.587  2.388    31
                                                                  [0.110
                                                                    ]
40 *                                                3.260  5.730    38
                                                                  [0.007
                                                                    ]
41                                                  2.369  0.582    63
                                                                  [0.562
                                                                    ]
* Corrected for serial
correlation by introducing
lags of
the dependent variable using
Akaike info criterion.
[Prob]

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 5880618

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Fulltext

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Journal

JOURNAL-CODE: 2HGP

                        Copyright 2007 Gale Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                             Business and Industry
         Copyright 2007 International Academy of Business and Economics


                              118 of 119 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright (c) 2001 The Board of Trustees of Leland Stanford
                               Junior University
                              Stanford Law Review

                                 December, 2001

                              54 Stan. L. Rev. 399

LENGTH: 36223 words

ARTICLE: Community Economic Development as Progressive Politics: Toward a
Grassroots Movement for Economic Justice

NAME: Scott L. Cummings*

BIO: * Staff Attorney, Public Counsel Law Center, Los Angeles, California. J.D.,
Harvard Law School, 1996; B.A., University of California, Berkeley, 1992. The
author would like to thank Richard Abel, Sameer Ashar, Brad Caftel, John Day,
Ingrid Eagly, Brian Glick, Dan Grunfeld, Susan Jones, Peter Pitegoff, Robert
Pollin, Aman Thind, William Simon, Paul Sonn, Greg Volz, and Jonathan Zasloff.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... Community economic development (CED) emerged during the 1990s as the
dominant approach to redressing urban poverty, replacing entitlement programs
and civil rights initiatives with a market-based strategy for promoting economic
equality. ...  This movement marked a break with previous antipoverty efforts -
signaling a shift from localized market strategies for economic development to
broad-based political action for economic justice - and planted the seeds for an
alternative vision of CED. ...  Part III sets forth an agenda for reclaiming CED
as progressive political action, highlighting how innovative practitioners are
forging a new paradigm of CED by deploying transactional lawyering to support
living wage campaigns, worker ownership drives, and organizing-based jobs
initiatives. ...  Reclaiming CED as Progressive Political Action ... What
follows is an initial attempt to map the new direction in CED legal practice by
detailing the specific areas that have become the subject of economic justice
advocacy efforts. ... A. CED and Living Wage: Building an Economic Justice
Movement In an effort to connect their advocacy with the groundswell of economic
justice organizing, CED lawyers have increasingly aligned themselves with local
living wage campaigns. ...  CED lawyers have begun to play increasingly
important roles in promoting the expansion of living wage protections. ...
CED's renewed commitment to economic justice is also evident in the type of
business development work that advocates are beginning to undertake. ...

TEXT:
 [*399]



   Community economic development (CED) emerged during the 1990s as the dominant
approach to redressing urban poverty, replacing entitlement programs and civil
rights initiatives with a market-based strategy for promoting economic equality.
Premised on the idea that poor neighborhoods are underutilized markets in need
of private sector investment, market-based CED gained a broad range of
ideological adherents, resonating with proponents of black nationalism,
neoliberal economics, and postmodern micropolitics. As the decade brought
economic issues to the fore and legal services advocates faced mounting federal
restrictions, increasing numbers of poverty lawyers adopted the market-based CED
model, providing transactional legal assistance to community organizations
engaged in neighborhood revitalization initiatives. Yet, despite the expansion
of the market paradigm, analysts have largely avoided a critical dialogue about
CED theory and have neglected a careful examination of the evolving nature of
grassroots CED practice. This Article sets forth an indigenous critique of
market-based CED, arguing that it fails to deliver on its promise of poverty
alleviation, diverts attention from the need for a coordinated political
response to economic disadvantage, privileges localism over structural reform,
and impedes the formation of multiracial political alliances. This Article then
presents an alternative model of politically engaged CED that integrates legal
advocacy and community organizing to build cross-neighborhood coalitions that
promote broad-based economic reform. It concludes by outlining the contours of
this new approach, highlighting how poverty lawyers are collaborating with
organizing groups to expand living wage ordinances, establish cooperative
businesses, and implement comprehensive hiring and job training programs.

  [*400]

   Introduction

 During the unprecedented surge of 1990s prosperity, community economic
development (CED) emerged as the dominant approach to poverty alleviation,
touted by politicians as a market-based alternative to outdated welfare policies
and championed by civil rights leaders as a critical link to economic equality.
n1 At a  [*401]  time of dizzying wealth accumulation, declining welfare rolls,
and burgeoning budget surpluses, a consensus formed around the idea that
market-based CED programs were necessary to revitalize the lingering pockets of
poverty that blotted an otherwise vibrant economic landscape. Espoused by
advocates of different ideological stripes, n2 the simple logic of market-based
CED - that increasing for-profit initiatives in geographically discrete
low-income neighborhoods could produce economic transformation n3 and community
empowerment n4 - became an antipoverty axiom.

   Over the past decade, the ascendance of market-based CED has fundamentally
shaped the development of social policy, community-based practice, and legal
[*402]  advocacy. n5 At the national policy level, a private sector approach has
defined the federal government's response to poverty issues, as support programs
have yielded to market-based antipoverty initiatives, such as the Empowerment
Zone Program and the New Markets Tax Credit. This federal agenda has been
augmented by state and local efforts to adopt market-based programs to stimulate
investment and business activity in low-income neighborhoods. n6

   Against this policy backdrop, CED professionals working to implement
revitalization programs on the ground have also embraced a private sector model,
reconfiguring low-income communities as underutilized markets with rich economic
opportunities for businesses. n7 According to this model, effective CED involves
identifying the competitive advantages of conducting business in inner city
areas n8 and structuring the proper incentives to lure reluctant enterprises
into neglected markets. n9 Advocates of this approach have therefore suggested
that distressed communities revalue and promote indigenous assets such as public
transportation and proximity to existing commercial centers. n10  [*403]  Once
these assets are identified and properly packaged for outside investors, n11
private sector capital can be channeled to poor neighborhoods through innovative
financial tools, n12 bringing with it stable jobs and needed services. n13

   In response to this privatization of social policy and community action,
poverty lawyers have increasingly incorporated market techniques into their
antipoverty arsenals, altering the terrain of legal services delivery. In an
effort to improve the physical infrastructure and strengthen the economic fabric
of distressed communities, practitioners have provided transactional legal
assistance in the areas of real estate, tax, and corporate law to
community-based organizations engaged in neighborhood revitalization
initiatives. n14 CED legal programs have created jobs  [*404]  for the poor
through microenterprise and commercial development, n15 increased the stock of
affordable housing units through tax credit syndication, n16 and expanded access
to capital through the development of community-based financial institutions.
n17 As a measure of its appeal, CED legal practice has attracted financial
support from government agencies and private foundations, n18 resulting in the
development of a significant number of CED legal services programs. n19

   However, the current consensus in favor of market-based CED obscures deep
historical divisions about the appropriate relationship between market  [*405]
mechanisms and social change. In the United States, the roots of market-based
CED can be traced to the rise of post-Reconstruction economic nationalism, n20
which focused on developing an independent African American economic base
through the enhancement of job skills and the creation of black-owned
businesses. n21 Proponents of this view sought to achieve economic gains for
African Americans by emphasizing black market participation in conjunction with
a strategy of political accommodation. n22

   Another version of antipoverty advocacy emerged from the civil rights
struggle of the 1960s, one that, in contrast to the nationalist paradigm,
attempted to use grassroots mobilization and political action to redress
poverty. Groups such as the National Welfare Rights Organization (NWRO) and the
Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now (ACORN) drew upon the rich
tradition of civil rights protest to develop an alternative to market-based CED
that relied on community organizing to redistribute resources to economically
disadvantaged communities. n23 Instead of promoting business expansion in
distressed neighborhoods, their approach focused on enlisting the political
power of community-based coalitions of residents, labor union members, clergy,
and other activists to challenge economic inequality and corporate dominance.
n24 This movement marked a break with previous antipoverty efforts - signaling a
shift from localized market strategies for economic development to broad-based
political action for economic justice - and planted the seeds for an alternative
vision of CED.

   However, the momentum behind a large-scale movement for economic justice
quickly dissipated. The conservative revival of the 1980s and the  [*406]
neoliberal policies of the 1990s ushered in a pro-business political consensus
n25 that resulted in welfare reform, n26 attacks on affirmative action, n27 and
cutbacks in traditional antipoverty programs. n28 This political shift placed
economic justice activists in a defensive posture and elevated the importance of
market-based reform strategies. During the same period, progressive scholars
mounted a postmodern critique of conventional politics and traditional poverty
law advocacy that de-emphasized large-scale social movements and privileged
localized micropolitical struggle. n29 By the close of the 1990s, the changing
political and intellectual environment had eroded economic justice activism.
Market-based CED, which appealed both to conservative proponents of free  [*407]
market politics and progressive advocates of local empowerment, emerged at the
forefront of social change efforts.

   Yet even as the 1990s brought a period of market exuberance, economic justice
activism continued to percolate, growing stronger by the decade's end. Spurred
by the intransigence of poverty in the New Economy, n30 a core of progressive
scholars and advocates have become increasingly critical of the apolitical, free
market approach to CED. n31 In particular, they have questioned the efficacy of
business development strategies that fail to address larger economic and
political forces, n32 highlighting the role of market-based CED in  [*408]
facilitating the public financing of low-wage, dead-end jobs. n33 These
critiques have influenced CED legal scholars, who have recently focused on the
deficiencies of CED's traditional commitment to business development and local
revitalization. n34 At the grassroots level, CED lawyers, in conjunction with
their organizing counterparts, have begun to change the contours of CED advocacy
by applying new techniques honed in reaction to the market approach.

   Drawing upon this body of critical scholarship and oppositional practice,
this Article outlines a new model of CED, one that reconnects CED to its
politically activist roots and promotes economic justice over market expansion.
It argues that that poverty lawyers must move away from the current emphasis on
injecting capital into geographically discrete, racially homogenous communities,
and instead embrace a politically engaged conception of CED that leverages the
strength of multiracial coalitions to create greater equity for vulnerable
workers. Under this new approach, CED is reconceptualized as a progressive
political strategy that fuses legal advocacy and grassroots organizing to
achieve broad-based economic reform. This model of CED is not a rejection of
current practice; to the contrary, it retains a commitment to the central goal
of market-based CED - better economic opportunities for the poor - while
continuing to utilize the transactional skills familiar to CED practitioners.
Furthermore, under this approach, market-based techniques are not abandoned;
rather, they are subordinated to the dictates of a broader vision  [*409]  of
economic justice.

   Part I of this Article traces the historical development of CED as an
antipoverty strategy and analyzes the theoretical foundations of market-based
CED. Part II offers a critique of market-based CED, arguing that it inadequately
addresses poverty, privileges market expansion over political reform,
de-emphasizes the need for broad structural change, and impedes the formation of
cross-racial alliances. Part III sets forth an agenda for reclaiming CED as
progressive political action, highlighting how innovative practitioners are
forging a new paradigm of CED by deploying transactional lawyering to support
living wage campaigns, worker ownership drives, and organizing-based jobs
initiatives.

   I. Economic Nationalism, Grassroots Organizing, and Market Accommodation: The
Evolution of Community Economic Development

 The history of progressive politics in the United States has reflected the
dynamic tension between market-oriented and politically activist approaches to
ameliorating poverty. Thus, the debate over the effectiveness of different types
of CED strategies is deeply rooted in the history of indigenous movements by
non-elite communities struggling to attain political, social, and economic
parity. One of the dominant themes that emerge from a historical analysis of
these movements is the recurrent effort to define the appropriate strategic
relation between market reform and movement politics.

   The standard history of CED has omitted a discussion of this broader context.
Instead, conventional analyses of the evolution of CED have begun with the
redevelopment and community action programs implemented in the 1950s and 1960s.
By focusing on the programmatic development of CED, such discussions hide
alternative visions of CED embedded in the historical record. Further,
conventional critiques of CED premised on this narrow account tend to fault the
implementation of CED programs, which, it is argued, has excluded community
input and undermined local control. n35 In contrast, this Part offers a broad
overview of CED that situates it within a framework of social struggle. On the
basis of this historical analysis, this Part suggests that the evolution of CED
is not simply a story of increasing bureaucratic centralization and diminishing
local control. Instead, the central dynamic in the history of CED has been the
entrenchment of the market-based approach.

[*410]

   A. Origins: From Market Integration to Grassroots Action

   1. Market-based economic nationalism.

 Although there were a number of earlier government-sponsored and
community-based efforts aimed at promoting economic development in black
neighborhoods, n36 CED has its roots in the classic dialogue between Booker T.
Washington and W.E.B. DuBois over the proper course to achieve economic
empowerment and political enfranchisement for the newly emancipated slaves. n37
In the early 1900s, Washington, the influential founder of the Tuskegee
Institute, espoused an economic nationalist position that implored blacks to
seek economic self-sufficiency and de-emphasized the struggle for civil rights
and social equality. n38 An apostle of the values of thrift, industry, and
property ownership, Washington argued that black advancement would most readily
come through an economic program of industrial training and  [*411]
entrepreneurial business development n39 together with a political program of
pragmatic accommodation to the existing social and legal order. n40 At Tuskegee,
Washington implemented a rigorous curriculum of vocational training in the
skilled trades, which, he believed, would facilitate black wealth accumulation.
In an effort to foster black entrepreneurial activity, Washington established
and presided over the National Negro Business League, which promoted black
enterprise through the development of black business networks, the organization
of "buy black" campaigns, and the provision of counseling and other aid to black
small business owners. n41 Washington's overriding programmatic goal was to
build a viable black economic infrastructure on which to ground demands for
political and civil rights. n42

   Although DuBois rejected Washington's politically acquiescent strategy, n43
and came to be most prominently identified with his idea of cultivating a
"Talented Tenth" of college-trained black leaders to direct the fight for racial
equality, n44 there were striking similarities between the two with regard to
their views on the importance of black entrepreneurship and economic
independence. In fact, at an early stage, DuBois adopted a pro-business
development position similar to Washington's, advocating for the expansion of
black business leagues and criticizing the shortage of black business owners and
black-controlled economic institutions. n45 In his later years, DuBois returned
to this conception of black economic development, emphasizing the importance of
establishing black communities in America and proposing the organization of vast
black-owned cooperative enterprises. n46 Thus, although it is Washington who is
widely remembered as the progenitor of economic nationalism as a market-centered
strategy of black uplift, both he and DuBois shared similar ideological
assumptions about the importance of black business expansion.

   The concept of economic nationalism continued to shape subsequent civil
rights activism. n47 For instance, in the 1920s, Marcus Garvey gained national
[*412]  attention as the leader of the Universal Negro Improvement Association
(UNIA), which, in addition to advocating that blacks migrate "back to Africa,"
promoted black independence from white market control through the expansion of
black-owned businesses and the establishment of UNIA cooperatives. n48 Since
that time, black business ownership has been a central tenet of such diverse
groups as the Nation of Islam n49 and the Urban League. n50 Activists and
[*413]  scholars continue to espouse variations of the economic nationalist
position, n51 while public policy decisions regarding economic development are
still based on nationalist assumptions about the importance of building viable
market structures within geographically discrete, racially homogeneous
localities. n52

   2. The roots of modern CED.

 The civil rights era marked a critical juncture in the development of CED.
While economic nationalism remained an important component of the civil rights
struggle, the 1960s also highlighted the power of mass-based direct action
movements and grassroots mobilization to achieve political enfranchisement and
legal equality. n53 The antipoverty efforts that emerged from this period
reflected the programmatic duality of civil rights activism, embracing localized
economic and large-scale political strategies to redress inequality.

   Despite its significant successes, by the mid-1960s, many within the civil
rights movement became dissatisfied with its emphasis on mainstream
integrationist strategies that benefited middle class blacks but failed to
[*414]  adequately address the needs of the poor. n54 In response, civil rights
organizations began to devise strategies explicitly targeting economic
disadvantage. For instance, the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC),
in addition to struggling for political equality in the South, began to advocate
for improved economic conditions in northern ghettos. n55 Martin Luther King,
Jr.'s Poor People's Movement, launched in 1968, was the centerpiece of the SCLC
strategy. n56 In order to advance full equality, King demanded an economic Bill
of Rights that included decent incomes, housing, and full employment. n57 Other
civil rights organizations, including the Student Nonviolent Coordinating
Committee and the Congress of Racial Equality (CORE), also reoriented their
programmatic missions to emphasize economic issues. n58

   As these grassroots efforts focused heightened attention on poverty and
inequality, the federal government began instituting a series of policy
initiatives that established the infrastructure of modern CED programs. Although
urban renewal projects had been undertaken in the preceding decade, n59 what was
unique about the 1960s was the emergence of a distinct policy framework that
sought to redress the problems of urban disinvestment and poverty concentration
through programs targeted at geographically discrete communities. Drawing upon
the nationalist theme of economic self-sufficiency, these antipoverty
initiatives were defined by a central commitment to fostering low-income
community control and promoting local  [*415]  empowerment.

   The template for this neighborhood-based approach came from the Ford
Foundation's Gray Areas Project in New Haven and Mobilization for Youth in New
York City, which were established in the early 1960s to revitalize economically
disadvantaged communities through the provision of job training, education, and
family services. n60 This model was subsequently codified as federal policy when
President Lyndon Johnson initiated the "War on Poverty" with the creation of the
Community Action Program (CAP) under the Economic Opportunity Act (EOA) of 1964.
n61 CAP was designed to increase neighborhood control over the implementation of
antipoverty efforts by delegating authority to community action agencies to
conduct programs in the areas of education, health, job training, housing,
social services, and economic development. n62 To promote local control, the EOA
required that all CAP services be designed and administered with the "maximum
feasible participation" of community residents. n63 Although the EOA has been
criticized as ineffective in spurring local participation in economic
development planning, n64 it did lead to the growth of what would become
critical actors in the evolution of CED - community development corporations
(CDCs). In particular, the 1966 Special Impact Program amendment to the EOA
established a federal funding stream targeted to support CDCs, n65 which were
typically structured as nonprofit organizations focused on urban redevelopment.
n66 As a result, nearly one hundred first generation CDCs were  [*416]  formed
in the 1960s to facilitate job creation in distressed urban neighborhoods. n67

   Additional antipoverty initiatives were launched in the 1960s and 1970s under
the auspices of promoting local control. In 1966, Johnson set forth his last
major antipoverty initiative, the Model Cities Program, n68 which again sought
to improve the physical infrastructure of distressed communities while
incorporating local residents into the planning and implementation process. n69
In 1974, the Ford Administration terminated Model Cities and instituted the
Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) Program to allocate funds through the
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) to states and municipalities,
which were given discretion to develop revitalization strategies that aligned
with local priorities. n70 The CDBG Program solidified the growing base of CDCs
by shifting the focus of redevelopment to local municipalities, which often
enlisted CDCs to assist them in their revitalization efforts. n71 President
James Carter extended the concept of allocating federal funding for
discretionary spending on local CED projects under the Urban Development Action
Grants Program. n72 As these policies demonstrate, a significant outgrowth of
civil rights activism was an evolving institutional structure of CED designed to
improve the economic conditions of low-income communities through the devolution
of decision-making authority. n73

[*417]

   3. Grassroots organizing for economic justice.

 In contrast to the neighborhood-based, self-sufficiency paradigm reflected in
federal CED policies, an alternative antipoverty model emerged from the civil
rights era, one that sought to stimulate grassroots political action to advance
a broad-based, redistributive economic agenda. Advocates of this model were
influenced not only by the heightened concern within civil rights circles about
poverty issues, but also by the distinct philosophical approach and tactical
innovations of the increasingly prominent community organizing movement. n74 The
forebears of this movement, such as Saul Alinsky and his Industrial Areas
Foundation, n75 worked to build local power, cultivate indigenous leadership,
and mobilize the poor. n76 The fusion of the new civil  [*418]  rights
sensibility and the rich tradition of community organizing generated a unique
brand of community-based advocacy that promoted cross-racial alliances for
economic justice. n77

   One of the earliest examples of this new emphasis on antipoverty organizing
was NWRO, which was officially established in 1967 by George Wiley, the former
associate national director of CORE. n78 In many ways, NWRO was a direct product
of CAP. The community action agencies created under CAP became the initial
laboratories for welfare rights organizing, as community action workers -
confronted by thousands of neighborhood residents who qualified for, but were
not receiving, welfare benefits - began to organize residents into groups with
common welfare grievances. n79 Local organizations began training welfare
recipients as welfare rights advocates and mounting "mass benefit campaigns."
n80 It was from "this welter of organizing activity, grievances and rights talk"
that NWRO emerged. n81

   The specific idea of fostering a national movement of welfare recipients
evolved through discussions between Wiley, Frances Fox Piven, and Richard
Cloward. Piven and Cloward argued that a mass welfare drive would expand
benefits to millions of eligible persons and ultimately force the federal
government to drastically reorganize the welfare system - possibly through the
imposition of a national guaranteed minimum income. n82 Persuaded by this idea,
Wiley developed an organizational structure in NWRO that attempted to link local
welfare rights groups into a coordinated movement on behalf of poor  [*419]
people. n83 Welfare rights were chosen as the focal point of organizing efforts
because it was determined that the promise of increased benefits would solidify
a national membership base that would become the foundation for real political
power. n84

   Governed by Wiley and a group of welfare recipients known as the "founding
mothers," n85 NWRO implemented local organizing campaigns designed to force
welfare offices to pay special grants for food, rent, clothing, and furniture
that few eligible recipients even knew about, let alone received. n86 These
campaigns were successful in helping large groups of recipients obtain special
benefits while generally encouraging other eligible individuals to apply for
welfare. n87 The campaigns also served to increase NWRO's membership base and
build permanent local organizations of welfare recipients. At its peak, NWRO had
22,000 dues-paying members nationwide and acted as the coordinating center for
scores of local-and state-level welfare rights organizations. n88 As NWRO gained
organizational strength and national prominence, it turned to larger lobbying
and advocacy efforts - working with the SCLC on its Poor People's Campaign, n89
collaborating on successful legal challenges to welfare policies, n90 and
playing a critical role in the defeat of President Richard Nixon's Family
Assistance Plan. n91

   However, in the late 1960s and early 1970s, many antipoverty activists began
to question the limited focus on welfare issues, n92 and sought to activate a
[*420]  broader reformist agenda. Faced with hardening opposition to welfare
rights n93 and a declining membership base, n94 Wiley left NWRO and started a
new organization, the Movement for Economic Justice. Conceptualized as a
broad-based, multiracial organization dedicated to advancing "the economic
interests of a majority of Americans," n95 the Movement for Economic Justice
sought to create grassroots coalitions of welfare recipients, the working poor,
and the middle class to advocate for issues such as income redistribution, tax
reform, and national health insurance. n96 This same populist spirit also led to
the establishment of ACORN, which was created when NWRO's Wade Rathke moved to
Little Rock, Arkansas in 1970 to implement "an organizing strategy that would
bridge the gap between whites and non-whites, working people and welfare
recipients, integrating them into a permanent, democratic organization." n97
Although Rathke, who was soon joined by Gary Delgado, began by concentrating on
the organization of welfare recipients, n98 the "Arkansas experiment," as it was
termed, sought to advance the conception of a "majority" strategy that would
organize low-and moderate-income people around a variety of issues that affected
their lives. n99 The ultimate goal of ACORN's issue-based organizing was to
redistribute the balance of power in favor of the poor and working class. n100

   Against the backdrop of decreasing local public services and corporate-driven
urban renewal programs, n101 ACORN's organizing focused on economic issues, such
as special needs welfare programs, tax reform, generic drug  [*421]  pricing,
"lifeline" electric rates, and property taxes. n102 ACORN also worked to block
environmentally hazardous utility sites, n103 achieve stricter enforcement of
federal food stamp regulations, and improve local health care and employment
practices. n104 In the early 1970s, ACORN entered local electoral politics,
advocating a poor people's agenda that included free medical care, a public
defender system, the elimination of the state income tax for low-income people,
and higher welfare benefits. n105 Toward the end of the decade, ACORN sought to
solidify its foundations by expanding into twenty states n106 and promoting
greater participation of low-to moderate-income people in the Democratic Party.
n107 As ACORN grew into new communities, its organizers implemented the "ACORN
model," which consisted of organizing drives that culminated in the
establishment of multi-issue, membership-based organizations. n108

   As the experiences of NWRO and ACORN highlight, the 1970s witnessed a surge
of local organizing, grounded in the political activism of the civil rights era
and focused on ameloriating poverty. In contrast to the nationalist emphasis on
community-based business ownership and the locally targeted revitalization
efforts of CDCs, the strategies deployed by NWRO and ACORN represented the
emergence of a distinct antipoverty approach that used grassroots political
action to promote economic justice.

   B. Transition: Bilateral Challenges to the Economic Justice Movement

 Despite the initial strength of the economic justice movement, serious
obstacles to its continued vitality were raised in the following decades. Most
significantly, the advent of Reagan neoconservatism in the 1980s followed by
Clintonian neoliberalism in the 1990s led to a deterioration in the economic
[*422]  conditions of the poor and shifted antipoverty programs toward
market-based reform strategies. At the same time, many leftist intellectuals
began to adopt a postmodern orientation to social criticism that promoted a
politics rooted in local action and empowerment. As this Part discusses, these
developments redirected economic justice efforts away from the large-scale
political struggle initiated by activist groups such as NWRO and ACORN and
toward a localized, market-oriented CED approach.

   1. Neoconservatism, neoliberalism, and the poor: Toward a market-based
antipoverty agenda.

 Beginning in the 1980s, Presidents Ronald Reagan and George Bush initiated a
retrenchment of government-sponsored antipoverty programs. n109 This occurred as
a part of a strong backlash against the very entitlement programs that economic
justice activists had sought to expand a decade before. As spending on Aid to
Families with Dependent Children (AFDC) and other means-tested public assistance
increased from $ 7.8 billion in 1960 to $ 40.7 billion in 1976, n110 many began
to question the legitimacy of welfare, especially given signs of the slowing
domestic economy. Moreover, the increasingly bureaucratic nature of welfare
administration and the portrayal of single African American mothers as
undeserving welfare recipients fueled public opposition to federal entitlement
programs.

   Welfare thus became the main target for cutbacks under the Reagan
Administration, whose anti-government agenda was theorized by influential
neoconservative scholars of the day. n111 Against the backdrop of recession,
n112  [*423]  Reagan signed the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1981, which
dramatically reduced benefits and terminated significant numbers from the
welfare rolls. n113 Although the poor recouped some of their lost benefits in
the form of tax breaks, they suffered a net income loss, n114 which, in
conjunction with tax cuts for upper-income individuals and corporations enacted
under the Administration's program of supply-side economics, led to greater
income inequality. n115 In the name of privatization and fiscal conservatism,
Reagan also made cuts in other in-kind benefits to the poor, such as food
stamps, Medicaid, and housing assistance; n116 curtailed funding for public
education and health programs; n117 severely restricted support for free legal
services; n118 and decreased funding for urban economic development initiatives.
n119 These  [*424]  policies coincided with structural shifts in the economy,
including the exodus of high-paying manufacturing jobs from urban areas, which
increased economic insecurity among low-wage workers and led to the spatial
concentration of poverty and joblessness. n120 As a result, the 1980s witnessed
a significant decrease in the real wages of the poor, n121 rising unemployment,
n122 and increased poverty and inequality. n123

   In this political and economic environment, activists began to focus greater
attention on market-based strategies to address issues of urban poverty. n124
CDCs emerged during this period as the critical institutional apparatus for
implementing the market approach. Analysts have suggested that the prominence of
the CDC model during the 1980s was the result of community-based organizations
assimilating the dominant market ideology into their advocacy strategies. n125
The rise of CDCs was also a matter of necessity: In a time of resource scarcity,
CDCs were one of the few politically viable antipoverty approaches, embracing
the value of self-help and promoting private-public partnerships. n126 Further,
CDCs were considered effective  [*425]  vehicles for dealing with localized
poverty, since they were physically situated in neighborhoods suffering from
disinvestment and joblessness. Thus, in addition to curtailed social programs
and heightened economic insecurity for the poor, one of the main legacies of the
Reagan-Bush years was the increasing importance of market-oriented CDCs in local
revitalization efforts.

   Although the inauguration of President Bill Clinton ushered in renewed hope
for social justice, Clinton's economic policies did little to improve conditions
in distressed communities. Clinton promoted a neoliberal economic agenda, n127
which, despite its pretensions to foster equitable economic growth, n128
disproportionately benefited the wealthy and left behind the poor. n129 This
agenda was characterized in the international arena by free trade,  [*426]
deregulated global financial and capital markets, and privatization of public
enterprises. n130 On the domestic front, Clinton promoted a favorable business
climate for American companies by dismantling significant public assistance
programs, reducing taxes on the wealthy, and deregulating domestic financial
markets. Most prominently, Clinton signed legislation to "end welfare as we know
it," abolishing AFDC and replacing it with Temporary Assistance to Needy
Families - a welfare regime that imposes mandatory work requirements and strict
time limits. n131 As a result of welfare reform, spending on family  [*427]
support declined sharply between 1992 and 1998, n132 during which time Clinton
also reduced funding for food stamps and other nutrition assistance. n133
Although Clinton increased transfer payments to low-income workers by expanding
the Earned Income Tax Credit, this increase did not fully compensate for the
reduction in welfare. n134 Clinton also authorized large cuts in spending on
education, science, transportation, and income security, n135 while endorsing a
tax relief plan that disproportionately benefited the wealthiest income earners.
n136

   Clinton's neoliberalism facilitated the creation of a flexible labor market
that made it more difficult for low-income workers to secure stable, living wage
jobs. In particular, liberalized trade and expanded global capital movements
exacerbated domestic job insecurity by driving down wages and impeding union
organizing, n137 while welfare reform pushed increasing numbers of workers into
a crowded low-wage labor sector. n138 Although the unemployment rate declined
under Clinton, n139 real wages dropped n140 and the poverty rate remained at the
same level as under Reagan and Bush. n141 In addition, the combination of
flagging wages and increased corporate profits n142 fueled widening inequality.
n143

   Clinton's response to poverty issues marked a fundamental political shift.
Under Reagan and Bush, the legitimacy of public assistance programs - while
under attack from the Right - were not widely questioned on the Left. Clinton,
[*428]  however, broke with the Democrats' historic commitment to traditional
poverty programs by embracing welfare reform and redefining antipoverty policy
as a struggle to open up "new markets" passed over by the economic boom. In this
way, Clinton's neoliberalism served to advance a pro-business agenda and
inverted historic Democratic priorities: Under Clinton, the goal of poverty
alleviation programs became market expansion, while the idea of income
maintenance policies was largely discredited. Market-based CED replaced welfare
as the touchstone of national antipoverty policy. n144

   Clinton's emphasis on market-driven revitalization efforts was most apparent
in his Empowerment Zone Program, n145 created in 1993 in an effort to expand
business activities in geographically identified low-income neighborhoods by
offering tax benefits to employers that located within the zones. n146 In
addition, as part of a broader market-based CED policy initiative, n147 Congress
passed Clinton's New Markets Tax Credit, which was designed to spur private
sector equity investments in low-income community businesses. n148 These
programs underscored Clinton's effort to align  [*429]  antipoverty policies
with his neoliberal economic agenda and marked the culmination of a
two-decade-long ideological shift in favor of market-based antipoverty
strategies.

   2. The postmodern intervention.

 As conservative and centrist politicians promoted market-based measures, the
emergence of a distinct postmodern current in social theory n149 and
jurisprudence n150 also shaped the direction of antipoverty advocacy, fostering
a particular sensibility toward political action - which, for the purposes of
this Part, is labeled micropolitics. The influence of postmodernism was not felt
directly in the development and application of CED policies. Rather, by
theorizing the political significance of local empowerment, postmodern scholars
provided a conceptual framework that has grounded progressive support for CED.

   Postmodern micropolitics. Postmodernism can be traced to a diverse range of
sources n151 and the idea of postmodernism itself is contested. n152 In general,
[*430]  postmodernism has been associated with a unique orientation toward
criticism that seeks to promote diversity over universality, and expose
contradictions rather than build theories. n153 This Part confines itself to a
discussion of two related concepts that have shaped postmodern micropolitics:
narrative deconstruction and power.

   An important aspect of postmodern analysis has been its focus on the
contingent nature of language. Beginning in the 1970s, theorists such as Jacques
Derrida began to argue against the existence of an intrinsic connection between
language and the objective world, suggesting instead that language derived its
meaning from social context and the internal relationship among words. n154 This
antifoundationalist position denied that there was any way to objectively ground
truth, since the assertion of truth claims required the use of discursive
structures that were inherently unstable and untethered to objective referents.
n155 Based on this conception of language, Derrida employed the technique of
narrative deconstruction to demonstrate that any interpretation of a text
suppressed an alternative reading that tended to reinforce a hierarchy of values
and subjugate marginalized viewpoints. n156 Derrida's deconstruction of Western
philosophic and literary texts sought to expose submerged meanings in order to
liberate different identities and life-styles. n157

   Michel Foucault, like Derrida, engaged in a comprehensive critique of Western
discursive categories, focusing particular attention on how modern systems of
language and knowledge constructed individual identity. n158 Foucault argued
that modernity had given rise to a set of interlocking narratives that served to
confine human experience in a way that made it amenable to bureaucratic
administration and social control. n159 Thus, for Foucault, power  [*431]  and
language were inextricably conjoined, since power acted on individuals through
their internalization of dominant narratives. n160 However, Foucault's
conception of power was not unidirectional - power was a field that could be
modified, rather than something that could actually be possessed. n161
Foucault's critique of modernity, therefore, contained the seeds of political
action. n162 Because individuals were never completely subordinated by hegemonic
structures of knowledge, resistance was always possible through alternative
practices. n163

   Derrida's conception of deconconstruction and Foucault's analysis of power
suggested a particular type of postmodern politics - one rooted in local, often
personal, acts of resistance against the constraints of discursive structures
grounded in "false" claims of truth. n164 Since postmodern identities were
[*432]  formed and power was exercised through narratives that defined the
individual subject, political action meant deconstructing hegemonic discourses
to make space for alternative modes of being. n165 Marginalized individuals
could be empowered by waging struggles against the totalizing systems of
knowledge/power on the local level and recreating their individual identities in
ways that did not conform to dominant ideologies. n166 Within this postmodern
framework, political action could consist of personal resistance against
accepted discursive structures, such as confining sexual norms. n167 The advent
of postmodernism therefore signaled a movement toward a localized micropolitics
of empowerment and away from a large-scale macropolitics of social
transformation. n168

   Micropolitics in the new poverty law scholarship. During the late 1980s and
early 1990s, a new current of poverty law scholarship emerged that integrated
important postmodern theoretical insights. Drawing upon the work of Derrida,
Foucault, and other postmodernists, poverty law scholars articulated an
alternative mode of practice that privileged client participation and the
expression of authentic client narratives. n169 Through this approach, scholars
[*433]  sought to incite local resistance against the subtle workings of power
in order to help marginalized clients "seize, affirm, and emancipate those human
possibilities denied or excluded by dominant modes of discourse." n170 This led
to a shift in strategic emphasis, away from the impact litigation model of
institutional reform, n171 and toward fostering smaller-scale actions designed
to empower poor clients. n172 This change was significant because it situated
discussions about the role of lawyers in social movements and the efficacy of
alternative methods of legal practice within the framework of postmodern
micropolitics. n173

   In a sign of this postmodern shift, poverty law theorists began to apply
postmodern conceptions of discourse and power n174 to analyze how narrative
[*434]  structures operated to silence marginalized client voices within the
context of the lawyer-client relationship. n175 In particular, scholars focused
on how poverty lawyers often deployed narratives in a way that constructed the
identities of subordinated client groups as inferior, victimized, and powerless.
n176 For example, Anthony Alfieri claimed that poverty lawyers routinely
silenced poor clients by committing "interpretive violence" - that is, by
accepting stories of client inferiority and subordination, and by omitting the
voices of clients from the legal process. n177 Similarly, Lucie White critiqued
the patterns of domination inherent in the lawyer-client relationship, arguing
that progressive lawyers, by virtue of their facility with legal discourse,
tended to reinforce poor clients' feelings of powerlessness. n178 Other scholars
have  [*435]  agreed with this view of client subordination, claiming that
lawyers - who traditionally communicate their own understanding of client
stories in a form tailored for consumption by the court - often misinterpret or
exclude client narratives that could be potentially useful in the litigation or
empowering for the client. n179

   To address the problem of client subordination, poverty law scholars proposed
an alternative advocacy strategy designed to foster localized instances of
client empowerment. n180 The keys to this practice were protecting the integrity
of client stories against lawyer manipulation and ensuring the expression of
marginalized client voices. n181 For instance, Alfieri urged advocates to
develop "oppositional discourses" about the poor n182 and to engage in a process
of "dialogic empowerment" that would re-value traditionally excluded client
narratives of agency and struggle. n183 Similarly, Gerald Lopez proposed a new
form of "rebellious" lawyering that rejected the conventional lawyer-client
hierarchy and sought to empower local community members to develop their own
capacity to challenge injustice. n184 Accepting the postmodern conception of
power, n185 Lopez argued that rebellious practice should not privilege lawyer
narratives over those of their clients. n186 Rather, poverty  [*436]  lawyers
should integrate clients into social change processes by valuing their stories
and educating them to use their own problem-solving - or "lay lawyering" -
skills to redress social problems. n187

   White's approach to poverty law advocacy promoted local empowerment by
liberating clients from stifling lawyer-imposed narratives and allowing them to
"name the world" for themselves. n188 White argued for a model of
"third-dimensional lawyering" in which lawyer-activists used educational
techniques to stimulate a critical consciousness in subordinated groups through
a process of mutual dialogue and exchange. n189 To implement this alternative
model, White suggested that poverty lawyers loosen their affinity for
conventional legal practice and create "parallel spaces" outside the boundaries
of traditional litigation that allowed clients to engage in "reflective
conversation and strategic action." n190 Through this process of critical
dialogue and self-definition, White claimed that clients could begin to engage
in acts of local resistance and come to think of themselves as autonomous
political actors. n191 Thus, the  [*437]  paradigmatic heroine of White's
scholarship was Mrs. G, whose unexpected decision to ignore her legal aid
lawyer's advice and speak out during her welfare hearing constituted a bold act
of individual self-realization and political will. n192 The story of Mrs. G
emerged as a symbol of the new poverty law scholarship's emphasis on the
micro-world of client empowerment - an admonitory tale against lawyer-centered
advocacy strategies that ignored the political significance of client narrative.

   C. Resolution: The Architecture of Market-Based CED

 The genealogy of market-based CED reveals its distinct theoretical roots.
Forged at the intersection of neoliberal economics and postmodern micropolitics,
market-based CED rose to prominence in a political and intellectual environment
hostile to the social welfare programs and large-scale reform strategies that
formed the foundations for earlier mass-based movements for economic justice. By
the mid-1990s, a strong consensus had formed around market-based CED precisely
because of its broad ideological appeal - resonating both with conservative
proponents of free market principles and progressive advocates of localized
empowerment strategies. n193 The model  [*438]  of market-based CED that has
emerged reflects its diverse ideological lineage, integrating the principles of
market expansion, localism, and community empowerment into a conceptual
framework for redressing poverty.

   1. The role of the market.

 The current CED paradigm is defined by an adherence to market principles and a
belief in the efficacy of market-based antipoverty remedies. n194 It rests on
the premise that the market does not function properly in low-income communities
and that creative efforts to build market capacity are necessary to stimulate
flagging local economies. The main programmatic goal, advanced primarily by
CDCs, n195 has been to restructure market incentives to leverage private
investment for the development of community-based businesses, affordable
housing, and financial institutions. n196

   A central component of market-based CED strategies has been the promotion of
local business development as a vehicle for creating jobs for low-income
workers. n197 Toward this end, community organizations have acted as financing
intermediaries for neighborhood businesses, provided technical assistance to
community entrepreneurs, and developed local real estate projects such as
shopping centers, supermarkets, and industrial business parks. n198 A
significant portion of the funding for these efforts has come through federal,
state, and local economic development agencies, supplemented by foundation
[*439]  grants, private investments, and commercial loans. n199 Community groups
have also made efforts to stimulate economic growth through microenterprise and
nonprofit business ventures. Thus, many organizations have provided technical
assistance and microloans to very small businesses owned by low-income community
residents. n200 In addition, some nonprofit groups have sought to employ
low-income people directly by starting their own business ventures, often termed
social enterprises. n201 CED lawyers have played a variety of roles in these
business development projects, establishing appropriate legal structures,
reviewing contracts and financial instruments, evaluating the tax consequences
of development projects, and handling real estate matters. n202

   Affordable housing development constitutes another important programmatic
element of the market-based CED model. The Low-Income Housing Tax Credit (LIHTC)
has, perhaps more than any other program, exemplified the market-based approach
to CED. The LIHTC, enacted as part of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, n203 was
created as a financial incentive to boost private sector investment in
affordable housing. n204 Its enactment underscored the move away from the
concept of housing as a public good and toward  [*440]  increased reliance on
the private market to supply housing to the poor. n205 By establishing a process
for syndicating tax credits to private investors, the LIHTC has provided a
substantial subsidy to affordable housing development since its introduction.
n206 Under the tax credit program, the construction or rehabilitation of
eligible residential rental properties may qualify for the LIHTC if a minimum
number of rent-restricted units for low-income tenants is set aside. n207
Although estimates of the production effect of the LIHTC vary, n208 it is clear
that the credit has spurred the construction of a significant number of
low-income units; the cost-effectiveness of the program, however, remains the
subject of debate. n209 Given the technical complexity of LIHTC deals, CED
lawyers have been critical to their implementation, assisting developers to
apply for tax credits, form limited partnerships, draft tax opinions, and review
financing and real estate documents. n210

   Consistent with the goal of market expansion, CED has also focused on
increasing access to financial institutions in low-income communities to augment
the flow of capital resources to areas that have suffered disinvestment. n211
One of the main efforts in this regard has been to develop  [*441]  banking
alternatives in economically distressed neighborhoods. n212 Most prominently,
the Community Development Financial Institutions Act (CDFI Act) of 1994 created
a fund to invest in community development financial institutions (CDFIs), n213
which are community-based organizations dedicated to investing, lending, and
providing basic banking services in support of community development efforts.
n214 The CDFI Act is structured to increase direct federal investment and
technical assistance to CDFIs, and to create incentives for private banks to
invest in CDFIs. n215 The CDFI program has stimulated the establishment of
community development banks, credit unions, community development loan funds,
venture capital funds, and micro-enterprise loan funds that serve low-income
communities. n216 These CDFIs target investments to support job creation
projects, affordable housing, and community infrastructure development. n217
They offer financial products such as checking and savings accounts, mortgages,
small business loans, individual development accounts, and equity investments,
n218 while often providing other community services, such as job training
courses and homeownership programs. n219 By providing access to capital markets,
CDFIs have complemented efforts to increase business development and expand
affordable housing in low-income communities.

[*442]

   2. The ideal of localism.

 Market-based CED is also rooted in the ideal of localism. The postmodern
emphasis on the microcosm of local community action has given credence to the
idea - quite prevalent in the CED literature - that the struggle against
injustice must be waged at the local level. Against this backdrop, CED
proponents have generally accepted the local community as the appropriate locus
of targeted economic revitalization activities, while portraying CED as a
strategy uniquely capable of redressing local poverty.

   Different justifications have been offered in support of localized CED
efforts. Some have argued that the local focus is a strategic necessity - an
effort to maximize the impact of advocacy undertaken with limited financial
resources. n220 Others have suggested that there is a stronger imperative for
localism, one rooted in a model of "bottom-up" social change that relies on the
active participation of community residents to produce meaningful, long-term
results. n221 In either case, there has been a powerful tendency to treat the
local neighborhood as a discrete economic unit in need of rebuilding. n222
Commentators have generally presumed the fixity of local neighborhood
boundaries, suggesting that the primary objective of CED should be the creation
of new investment, jobs, and development projects within defined geographic
spheres. n223 CED has therefore evolved as a "place-based" strategy that
attempts to enlist the support of community residents to effect changes in their
immediate surroundings. n224

    [*443]  Analyses of CED have concentrated on demonstrating how
community-based groups have worked to facilitate the expansion of economic
activities within specific low-income neighborhoods. CED has thus been promoted
as a method of counteracting the deterioration of communities through the
development of community-oriented enterprises that increase local economic
viability and neighborhood autonomy. n225 In particular, CDCs have been
presented as catalysts for local economic growth, working to correct market
failures by channeling resources into areas with high concentrations of poverty.
n226 In the legal services context, CED has been offered as a way of supporting
local development through the representation of CDCs on real estate, tax,
corporate, and regulatory matters. n227 By focusing on neighborhood-level
interventions, market-based CED has demonstrated its strategic commitment to
local action and underscored the primacy of local communities as sites for
social change.

   3. Community empowerment.

 Since the establishment of community action agencies in the 1960s to facilitate
the participation of neighborhood residents in the implementation of antipoverty
programs, the idea of community empowerment has been a defining goal of CED
efforts. n228 The postmodern emphasis on local empowerment reinforced its
significance as a CED objective. Thus, one of the most frequently cited
justifications for CED as a social change strategy is its capacity to "empower
poor people to work for their own economic and social  [*444]  betterment." n229

   The concept of community empowerment is linked to the idea of local control.
n230 CED scholars have suggested that if neighborhood residents are incorporated
as active participants in the reconstruction of their local economies, they will
be empowered through the process. n231 In particular, CED proponents have argued
that communities build power by exerting ongoing influence over local
decision-making structures in a way that ensures that development efforts are
responsive to community needs. n232 CED work has therefore been focused on
establishing mechanisms for ensuring that ultimate control of neighborhood-based
initiatives resides in low-income community members. n233 Generally, the
establishment of CDCs accountable to residents has been viewed as the main
vehicle for achieving community empowerment. n234 Community business ownership
n235 and community involvement in redevelopment efforts have also been cited as
effective mechanisms for promoting empowerment. n236

   What emerges from the CED literature is a picture of empowerment as a complex
process that occurs on a variety of different planes - political, social, and
psychological. n237 Empowerment is described as both the expression of  [*445]
individual capacity n238 and group political strength. n239 Often, empowerment
occurs on the individual and the group level simultaneously, in a mutually
reinforcing cycle. n240 Some have described empowerment in process-oriented
terms, suggesting that CED efforts facilitate self-help strategies that teach
community members how to handle their own problems more effectively. n241 Others
have characterized empowerment as tethered to the results of community action,
claiming that empowerment occurs when community members see their projects come
to fruition. n242 What these descriptions have in common is an understanding of
empowerment as a measurable good: Empowerment is viewed as a discernable
transformation - a quantum of influence that can be cultivated by active
participation in local community life.

   In the legal scholarship, CED lawyers have been portrayed as particularly
effective in fostering community empowerment. n243 For instance, it has been
argued that CED lawyers can empower their clients both by demystifying the law
and by ensuring that the development process is successfully implemented. n244
Some feminists have claimed that bottom-up CED strategies, such as
microenterprise development, can lead to women's empowerment by creating "new
patterns of social interaction" that promote feelings of enhanced social and
political capacity. n245 It has also been suggested that lawyers can augment
community power by helping clients to structure organizations that integrate
mechanisms of local control, such as CDFIs. n246 Others have argued  [*446]
that CED lawyers may promote empowerment by collaborating with client groups to
address the problems of poverty "in creative, power-sensitive, and politically
engaged ways." n247

   Scholars have also claimed that the nature of the lawyer-client relationship
in the CED context promotes empowerment by minimizing the potential for lawyer
domination. n248 Since the representation of organizational clients requires
that lawyers plan and structure future client projects as well as properly
maintain existing programs, CED lawyers tend to adhere to client objectives and
defer to client expertise. n249 As a result, client autonomy is respected in the
CED context to a greater extent than in other advocacy settings, thereby
enhancing the potential for client-empowering experiences to occur.

   Part I has traced the historical development of CED as a market-based
strategy for local empowerment. As it has shown, CED has evolved as a contested
concept - a set of ideas and practices that have been claimed by different
groups and promoted for different ends. In particular, CED has emerged out of a
long-standing tension between market-based and organizing-centered antipoverty
strategies, and has been shaped by trends of political conservatism and
intellectual postmodernism. Yet, despite its current political appeal and
widespread application, there has been a dearth of critical analysis  [*447]
about the efficacy of market-based CED as a social change tool. A careful
evaluation of the market model is therefore necessary to lay the foundation for
a renewed dialogue on the direction of CED practice.

   II. A Critique of Market-Based CED

 The emergent consensus in favor of market-based CED, while profoundly
influencing the direction of antipoverty advocacy, has also galvanized an
indigenous critique of social change practice. At the grassroots level,
dissatisfaction with the current orientation of CED work has begun to percolate,
as the market consensus has shown signs of fissure. Many community activists
have recoiled from CED's lack of political engagement and have started to
register their dissent from the chorus of market-based CED boosterism, which has
promoted the value of market integration without questioning the fairness of
existing institutional arrangements. Progressive scholars have initiated a
critical exchange over the efficacy of place-based CED strategies focusing on
market expansion. Part II elaborates on this critical perspective in order to
demonstrate the limitations of the current market approach and to highlight the
need for an alternative CED grounded in grassroots politics and tethered to a
larger movement for economic justice.

   A. Market-Based CED Does Not Adequately Redress Poverty

 The argument in favor of market-based CED has been premised on the assumption
that local economic growth, by itself, diminishes poverty. n250 However, the
literature analyzing the efficacy of market-based CED efforts suggests that this
simple equation does not accurately capture the relationship of market
strategies to poverty alleviation. For instance, studies of local market-based
CED initiatives have generated a picture of community deterioration that is
resistant to market intervention. n251 Randy Stoecker, in his review of the
literature on CDC performance, notes that "numerous analysts, including CDC
advocates, cannot find evidence that CDCs have enough impact to reverse
neighborhood decline ... or that the development they produce would not have
happened anyway." n252 Citing a study by Avis Vidal, n253  [*448]  Stoecker
asserts that only twenty to thirty percent of CDC-sponsored housing and business
development programs have "substantially impacted" their neighborhoods. n254 He
notes that other researchers have demonstrated the high failure rate of CDCs and
their inability to effectively promote neighborhood economic self-sufficiency.
n255 Stoecker further suggests that CDCs not only fail to ameliorate poverty,
but may actually worsen conditions in poor communities by "disorganizing"
existing social and political structures and facilitating gentrification. n256

   Other studies have specifically evaluated the impact of commercial
development projects on low-income neighborhoods. Focusing particularly on local
redevelopment policies, these studies have looked at whether public subsidies
for business development in distressed neighborhoods - in the form of tax
increment financing, tax-exempt bonds, below-market loans, tax abatements and
credits, grants, and other mechanisms n257 - have translated into  [*449]
economic benefits for poor residents. Robert Pollin and Stephanie Luce, in a
review of the literature, conclude that redevelopment "policies have failed to
reduce urban poverty and reverse the decline of urban communities, even when, as
is the case in some cities, these policies have promoted the growth of downtown
businesses." n258 In particular, Pollin and Luce find that public subsidies do
not contribute to overall job creation on a regional level and tend to benefit
the businesses that receive subsidies over members of low-income communities.
n259

   The recent history of redevelopment in Los Angeles supports the view that
publicly subsidized business development does not adequately redress poverty.
For example, a study of nine commercial projects subsidized by the Los Angeles
Community Redevelopment Agency during the 1990s found that, despite a public
investment of $ 193 million dollars, n260 most of the jobs created under the
auspices of community revitalization were at or below the poverty level. n261 An
analysis of the lending activity of the Los Angeles Community Development Bank
showed that substantial public outlays to private businesses within the Los
Angeles Empowerment Zone did not lead to a significant increase in jobs for
low-income residents. n262

   Analyses of small business development programs and market-oriented
affordable housing projects have also cast doubt on their poverty alleviation
potential. Although the well-known Self-Employment Learning Project study
conducted by the Aspen Institute found positive economic gains for low-income
business owners involved in seven different microenterprise  [*450]  programs,
n263 Louise Howells has noted that small business development projects suffer
from several limitations that inhibit their effectiveness in moving
welfare-dependent individuals out of poverty. n264 In particular, Howells
asserts that microenterprise development, which rests on the assumption that
"the market economy can provide subsistence for everyone who chooses to
participate," n265 is typically not a successful antipoverty strategy for poor
persons without access to the types of personal resources - education, job
skills, and strong social networks - that foster business success. n266
Moreover, Howells finds that microenterprise development is hampered by high
failure rates and inadequate financial and technical assistance, which undermine
its efficacy as an antipoverty strategy. n267 She concludes that if "the
rationale for microenterprise programs is to increase family income and
security, program dollars may be better spent assisting individuals to find a
reliable job with benefits." n268

   Critics of the LIHTC affordable housing program have similarly questioned the
effectiveness of a market-oriented approach to providing housing to the poor.
n269 Specifically, studies of the LIHTC suggest that it has failed to satisfy
the demand for low-income housing, n270 and has had an ambiguous effect on the
overall production of affordable units. n271 In addition, since federal law does
not require that all units in an LIHTC project be rented at low-income rates,
n272 a significant portion of the subsidy is used to build housing for
higher-income tenants. Further, analysts have noted that affordable units have
become increasingly costly under the LIHTC program, n273 as credit proceeds are
used to pay for the lawyers, consultants, and other LIHTC  [*451]  professionals
necessary to navigate the complex syndication process. n274 Thus, as in the case
of commercial development and microenterprise, market-driven housing programs
have not produced clear gains for low-income communities. Overall, the tenuous
evidence of poverty reduction that emerges from studies of market-based CED
techniques points to the need for a more targeted CED approach that provides
stronger mechanisms for channeling the benefits of economic growth to the poor.

   B. Market-Based CED Depoliticizes Antipoverty Advocacy

 A second limitation of market-based CED is that it does not address the crucial
political dimension of poverty. The market-based model has conceptualized
poverty alleviation as primarily a matter of structuring the appropriate
economic incentives to spur capital inflow and business expansion in distressed
neighborhoods. Within this framework, the notion of building political power
among the poor to challenge institutional arrangements is viewed as inimical to
the goal of packaging low-income communities as attractive business
environments. However, rather than fostering community renewal, the
depoliticization of CED work has instead circumscribed antipoverty efforts and
hindered progressive movement building.

   Low-income communities are not simply constituted by impersonal market
forces; rather, they are the product of a combination of intersecting political
decisions and private actions. In fact, as David Troutt has shown, "ghettoes"
are legal and political constructions, created and delimited by a history of
residential segregation, federally sponsored mortgage redlining, racially
disparate zoning practices, urban renewal policies, and spatially concentrated
public housing. n275 Neighborhood formation has also been shaped by political
[*452]  and legal decisions regarding the geographic scope of desegregation
orders, the requirements for municipal secession, and the financing of public
school education. n276 Given that low-income communities have evolved as a
product of these processes, a market-based CED approach that emphasizes economic
expansion and ignores the complementary need for political mobilization is
insufficient to redress poverty. n277 Without community-based efforts to demand
greater access to public resources - in the form of education, job training,
child care, and other services - low-income communities continue to lack the
infrastructure necessary to build economic growth. n278

   By privileging market-based housing and business development strategies, CDCs
have distanced themselves from the type of political engagement necessary to
redress the problems of concentrated poverty, joblessness, and income
stratification. Peter Dreier, for instance, has commented: "CDCs are often
reluctant to engage directly in political action - whether it means mobilizing
community residents around elections, protesting public policy, or advocating
for different policies." n279 Michael Owens has similarly concluded that
consistent political participation is uncommon among CDCs. n280 Some  [*453]
analysts have charged that CDC political inaction has compromised the integrity
of CED work, transforming CDCs into just "another developer following a
supply-side free market approach to redevelopment rather than fighting for the
social change necessary to support sustainable communities." n281 Others have
argued that market-oriented strategies have undermined the struggle for economic
justice by diverting scarce resources away from grassroots political
mobilization and providing a justification for the withdrawal of government
programs from distressed communities. n282 It is true that many CDCs have made
the strategic decision to adopt market-based approaches not out of a conscious
rejection of political action, but rather out of financial necessity. For
instance, many CDCs in the 1970s focused on affordable housing development
because of the availability of federal funding streams. n283 Access to funding
through the LIHTC program over the past  [*454]  decade has further cemented
CDCs to the market model. While these financial imperatives do not preclude the
coexistence of market-based development and political activism within CDCs -
indeed, many CDCs have successfully integrated the two n284 - the structural
constraints imposed by funding sources on CDC activities have led to a drift
away from political confrontation and have reinforced the dominance of
market-based strategies.

   The failure to confront the politics of poverty has limited the effectiveness
of CED efforts. It has also enervated progressive political energies by focusing
resources on creating efficient market actors rather than building political
power. To the extent that CED has become aligned with the neoliberal tenets of
privatization and economic growth, it has reinforced the perceived immutability
of existing market arrangements. n285 Although not responsible for the rise of
what Pierre Bourdieu has termed the "tyranny of the market," n286 the current
approach to CED nevertheless has supported the market order by placing the
weight of progressive advocacy behind a program of business expansion. Offering
a market-friendly, depoliticized, version of social change practice, CED has
been readily assimilated into the discourse of free market orthodoxy. This
orthodoxy, in turn, has been translated into a programmatic agenda inimical to
social welfare policies and labor protections that interfere with market
efficiency. Therefore, despite its sensitivity to community needs, the market
orientation of CED advocacy has prevented it from mobilizing the type of
grassroots political resources necessary to advance a redistributive,
worker-centered agenda.

[*455]

   C. Market-Based CED Privileges Local Incrementalism Over Broad Structural
Reform

 A further limitation of market-based CED is its emphasis on local economic
reform. CED's focus on localism does nothing to seriously challenge the
structural determinants of poverty and diminishes the importance of large-scale,
coordinated social change strategies. Its failure to sufficiently address the
broader spatial and institutional dimensions of poverty has constrained CED
advocacy, disassociating it from an agenda of systemic economic transformation.

   Concern about the narrow scope of market-based CED has prompted a theoretical
and practice-based critique of local reform efforts. On the theoretical level,
there has been a challenge to the postmodern underpinnings of localism. In
particular, scholars have questioned whether postmodern micropolitics, which
privileges local empowerment over broad-based structural change, can provide a
viable foundation for a progressive response to the increasing concentration of
political and economic decision-making power. n287 Carl Boggs, for instance, has
critiqued the Left's retreat from the realm of movement politics and the
proliferation of disconnected local organizing efforts in the face of the
increasing entrenchment of corporate power. n288 Another critic of localism has
been legal scholar Joel Handler, who has suggested that micropolitical efforts
cannot seriously challenge the hegemony of liberal capitalism. n289

   Commentators analyzing the practical impact of CED at the grassroots level
have voiced skepticism about the efficacy of local market-based programs in
light of the increasingly interconnected nature of urban economies. n290 John
Foster-Bey has argued that "community development strategies which aspire to
reduce poverty and revitalize cities by focusing merely upon individual
neighborhoods are insufficient to address the regional roots of the problem."
n291 Specifically, he has contended that the urban metropolis, shaped by
suburbanization, the dispersal of employment opportunities, and poverty
concentration, n292 is not amenable to place-based economic revitalization
approaches and, instead, requires the implementation of "community-based  [*456]
connection strategies." n293 Similarly, Stoecker has critiqued the local
orientation of CDCs, which, he asserts, inhibits access to outside capital and
professional expertise, while minimizing the need for comprehensive strategies
to redress poverty. n294 Kristina Smock has also charged that local
interventions cannot adequately respond to urban problems generated by broader
economic and political forces, especially since local community groups rarely
have access to the governmental and corporate decision makers who set the
political agenda. n295 Those critical of CED localism have focused particular
attention on the federal Empowerment Zone Program, which has become the symbol
of the type of place-based urban reform strategy that ignores the role of
economic restructuring and racial discrimination in creating the boundaries of
low-income neighborhoods. n296

   The limitations of localism identified in these analyses underscore the need
for a revised conception of CED practice that links "inner-city residents to a
larger scope of economic and social opportunity." n297 Rather than concentrating
exclusively on neighborhood development as a poverty reduction strategy,
practitioners must begin to look beyond community boundaries to a more
comprehensive antipoverty approach that acknowledges the significance of
regional and transnational networks in the process of economic reform. n298

[*457]

   D. Market-Based CED Impedes the Formation of Cross-Racial Alliances

 By employing a geographically targeted approach that seeks to create
economically self-sufficient neighborhoods, market-based CED programs largely
accept the existing spatial framework of urban geographies, often imposing
official designations - such as Empowerment Zones, redevelopment project areas,
CDC service areas - on enclaves of economic distress. This reinscription of
community boundaries is central to the logic of the market approach: It is
necessary to define economically disadvantaged urban space in order to
effectively structure tax incentives, favorable loan packages, and other
financial benefits that would induce increased commercial and real estate
investment. Thus, the CED model works within the existing spatial distribution
of poverty and does not address the nexus between poverty concentration and
residential segregation - leaving unchallenged the racial cleavages that dissect
urban geographies.

   The persistence of racial segregation in urban areas is well established.
n299 As Douglas Massey and Nancy Denton have shown, residential segregation is a
key determinant of poverty concentration, confining people of color to urban
areas where their spatial isolation contributes to high levels of neighborhood
poverty and makes them uniquely vulnerable to economic downturns. n300 Race
marks the boundaries of urban poverty: Communities with high poverty
concentrations are disproportionately comprised of people of color. n301 A
segregation analysis, therefore, reveals the limitations of viewing low-income
neighborhoods merely as economically disadvantaged geographic units. It is the
spatial intersection of race and poverty that shapes the contours of distressed
urban environments. n302

    [*458]  Focusing on relative economic disadvantage, market-based CED
minimizes the racial dimensions of poverty. n303 By accepting existing
neighborhood configurations, the market approach tends to reinforce racialized
community borders and maintain existing patterns of racial segregation. n304
This place-based focus impedes efforts to forge a cross-racial coalition to
advance a political agenda sensitive to the needs of low-income workers. As CED
advocates target resources to specific underdeveloped neighborhoods, they
neglect to foster inter-community collaboration around issues of common concern
to poor city residents. Instead, they work with outside elites to leverage
financial capital to increase neighborhood wealth without challenging the
institutional discrimination and governmental policies that perpetuate racial
and economic stratification. "This myopic approach effectively ensures that
those who are poor or disadvantaged remain isolated from the problems of others
who are similarly situated, thereby inhibiting, if not preventing, collective
organizing." n305 In order to respond adequately to the racialized nature of
poverty, particularly in light of the increasing diversity of American cities, a
new CED agenda is required - one that promotes inter-racial solidarity and
coordinates diverse groups into an effort to rebuild the economic justice
movement.

   III. Reclaiming CED as Progressive Political Action

 The market-based approach to CED has brought about significant benefits for
low-income communities and highlighted the need for economic revitalization
strategies. However, the market orientation that characterizes current CED
efforts has proven insufficient to address the complex processes that generate
poverty and has shifted the direction of antipoverty advocacy away from
grassroots political engagement and toward politically passive market
interventions. This Part identifies the contours of a new model of politically
engaged CED that moves beyond the limiting discourse of market expansion and
reconnects CED to its progressive political roots. This model prioritizes
political action over market participation and fuses legal advocacy with
community-based organizing in order to redistribute resources to low-income
constituencies. n306 In contrast to the market paradigm, this approach  [*459]
links job creation strategies more explicitly to poverty alleviation, n307 while
building grassroots alliances to promote economic justice. n308

   There are three defining features of politically engaged CED that distinguish
it from its market-based counterpart. First, the politically engaged model
applies legal advocacy to support community organizing around economic justice
issues. Its goal is to deploy transactional lawyering in a way that builds
organized low-income constituencies that can challenge the distribution of
political power. The integration of CED and community organizing represents a
rapprochement between two types of grassroots practice that have largely
diverged since the increasing professionalization of CED work in the late 1970s.
n309 This has occurred as organizing - with its emphasis on using public
confrontation and direct action to influence political institutions n310 - has
re-emerged during the 1990s as a viable social change  [*460]  practice with a
newly energized leadership and an active grassroots presence. n311 The
increasing visibility of organizing has shifted the terrain of social change
work, highlighting the need for an advocacy strategy that challenges the
distribution of political power in addition to promoting bricks and mortar
construction in low-income areas. As organizers have become prominent community
actors, more attention has been paid to their critiques of market-based CED
practice, which have emphasized the tendency of CDCs to avoid the
confrontational approach of community organizing in favor of cultivating
partnerships with economic elites. n312

   In order to promote politically engaged CED, scholar-activists have urged
greater collaboration between the organizing and CED communities, n313  [*461]
highlighting how an integrated approach can more effectively advance shared
goals of community building and economic redistribution. Douglas Hess, for
example, has pointed out how organizing can support CED efforts by holding
private sector partners accountable to low-income communities, while CED can
promote organizing by drawing new members into the organizational fold. n314
Others have noted that organizing has produced the types of policy "wins" - such
as the passage of the Community Reinvestment Act - that have given CED
practitioners the tools necessary to create community-based economic change.
n315 Many CDCs have responded by incorporating an organizing component into
their development activities n316 or by becoming involved in larger-scale
community building efforts that emphasize grassroots organizing. n317 Overall,
the advent of a strong community organizing  [*462]  movement has challenged CED
practitioners to reclaim their commitment to structural political change and
align their development activities with the work of their organizing
counterparts. n318

   The second key attribute of this new model is that it seeks to situate CED
advocacy within the context of a broader progressive movement on behalf of
marginalized communities. This has been most evident in the increasing formation
of strategic alliances between CED practitioners and other grassroots actors -
such as community organizers, labor representatives, and clergy - who have the
mass-based constituencies necessary to leverage structural change. n319 These
grassroots formations, particularly the community-labor coalitions, have become
increasingly powerful, advocating for living wage and resident hiring
provisions, promoting publicly funded job creation, negotiating worker factory
buy-outs, providing strike support, and blocking industrial plant closings. n320
[*463]  By tapping into these emerging economic justice networks, CED lawyers
have developed a more comprehensive approach to redressing poverty that
coordinates the multi-faceted efforts on behalf of low-wage workers and welfare
recipients. n321 Moreover, CED lawyers have recognized that collaboration with
organized labor, faith-based entities, and poor people's organizations - which
have large, relatively cohesive memberships and, in the case of unions,
financial power - is critical to achieving the political clout  [*464]
necessary to push through economic justice measures.

   Finally, unlike the conventional market-based model, the new approach to CED
is spatially decentered, actively cultivating cross-racial coalitions that cut
across traditional community boundaries. Instead of targeting economic resources
in specific neighborhoods, CED practitioners are forging linkages with community
groups in different localities in order to create regional, national, and
transnational structures to combat the economic deterioration of marginalized
populations. n322 This effort to extend the geographic scope of CED promotes
multiracial coalition building and establishes the structural links necessary to
build a broad-based progressive movement. In this way, CED advocates are
transforming the meaning of community to encompass racially and geographically
dispersed groups that share common grievances arising from their economically
marginalized status. n323

   What follows is an initial attempt to map the new direction in CED legal
practice by detailing the specific areas that have become the subject of
economic justice advocacy efforts. In particular, this Part demonstrates how CED
lawyers are drawing upon their transactional legal expertise to draft living
wage ordinances, structure worker-owned businesses, exact community benefits
from publicly subsidized redevelopment, enforce statutory job creation
requirements, and establish targeted job training programs. As this analysis
suggests, the new approach to CED is not a repudiation of market-centered
practices; rather, it represents an effort to democratize the market by
redirecting  [*465]  economic benefits to low-income community members.

   A. CED and Living Wage: Building an Economic Justice Movement

 In an effort to connect their advocacy with the groundswell of economic justice
organizing, CED lawyers have increasingly aligned themselves with local living
wage campaigns. n324 These campaigns, premised on the simple proposition that no
one who works should live in poverty, n325 have grown from local skirmishes into
a national movement, led by a coalition of grassroots organizations, labor
unions, faith-based institutions, civil rights groups, and other community
representatives. n326 ACORN, in particular, has played a strong role in
promoting living wage legislation throughout the country, spearheading local
organizing efforts, and providing technical assistance to living wage
coalitions. n327 In order to stem the public financing of low-wage  [*466]
jobs, n328 the immediate goal of these grassroots formations has been to pass
legislation requiring local businesses that receive public subsidies to pay
living wages to their workers. n329 Community and labor organizations have also
used living wage campaigns to advance the longer-term goals of increasing
unionization and mobilizing mass-based constituencies around issues of economic
justice. n330

   Since Baltimore adopted the first living wage law in 1994, n331 over fifty
[*467]  cities, counties, and school districts have passed living wage
ordinances. n332 Although these ordinances vary in their wage level, scope of
coverage, and types of employer exemptions, n333 they share the common feature
of requiring businesses that have a fiscal relationship with a local
governmental entity to pay their employees at or above a designated living wage
floor. n334 Thus, the living wage requirement applies "only to employers who
receive contracts, grants, loans, tax subsidies, lease abatements, bond
financing, enterprise zone credits, or other financial assistance from the city
or county which enacted the ordinance." n335

   There is a growing body of research suggesting that living wage policies have
significantly contributed to poverty alleviation in many cities, conferring
benefits on low-income workers that outweigh the costs to covered employers.
n336 For example, in their comprehensive living wage study, n337  [*468]  Pollin
and Luce found that the average worker under the policies considered would
receive an increase in pretax income of over thirty percent, n338 while most
firms would experience wage and benefit increases of less than one percent of
their total production costs. n339 Studies of living wage policies in Baltimore,
n340 San Francisco, n341 Detroit, n342 and Santa Monica n343 arrived at similar
conclusions. Additionally, several analyses indicate that the enactment of
living wage policies does not produce significant negative economic consequences
in terms of workforce reduction, business relocation, and increased municipal
costs. n344

    [*469]  CED lawyers have begun to play increasingly important roles in
promoting the expansion of living wage protections. n345 Lawyers' technical
expertise and familiarity with the interpretation of complex statutory language
make them critical resources for living wage coalitions. For instance, at the
inception of a living wage drive, lawyers can play a role in the development of
campaign strategy, explaining technical aspects of living wage law to community
members, n346 counseling groups on relevant election law issues, and advising
organizers on the legality of planned protest actions. n347 As the campaign
progresses, lawyers can also advise community-based coalitions on the crucial
deal points of living wage negotiation - the designated wage level, the
definition of public subsidy triggering the application of living wage
requirements, the scope of exemptions for small businesses or nonprofit
organizations, the duration of coverage, and the mechanisms for targeting
low-income workers. n348 Further, CED lawyers, who are trained in writing
[*470]  sophisticated corporate agreements, can use their drafting skills to
translate negotiation points into appropriate statutory provisions and close any
loopholes that would weaken worker protections. n349 CED lawyers can also play a
critical part in monitoring living wage compliance, particularly by becoming
involved in community oversight committees that guide city staff in living wage
implementation. n350

   Successful living wage advocacy in Boston and Los Angeles highlights how CED
lawyers have collaborated with other community activists to improve the economic
conditions of the working poor. The Boston Jobs and Living Wage Ordinance, n351
passed in 1997, was the result of a coordinated effort of grassroots advocates,
led by ACORN, the AFL-CIO, and Greater Boston Legal Services (GBLS). n352 At the
inception of the campaign, GBLS attorneys worked closely with ACORN to develop a
draft living wage proposal. Once the draft was finalized, the organizers and
legal services lawyers, in conjunction with AFL-CIO representatives, engaged in
intensive negotiations with a coalition of business leaders and local political
officials that culminated in the passage of the ordinance, which requires any
for-profit employer who has at least twenty-five full-time equivalent workers
and a service contract of more than $ 100,000 with the city to pay the living
wage rate. n353 To monitor  [*471]  living wage implementation, a Citizens
Assistance Advisory Committee was established with guaranteed seats for ACORN
and labor representatives. n354

   The Los Angeles Alliance for a New Economy (LAANE) played an instrumental
role in passing the Los Angeles living wage ordinance in 1997. n355 Created in
the early 1990s by the Hotel Employees and Restaurant Union Local 11, LAANE
forged a coalition out of grassroots organizations like Action for Grassroots
Empowerment and Neighborhood Development Alternatives (AGENDA), faith-based
groups such as Clergy and Laity United for Economic Justice, labor leaders from
the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor, and worker representatives. This
coalition mounted a city-wide campaign to "improve incomes and support
unionization of the industry's low-wage work force, which is overwhelmingly
immigrant, and significantly Latina and Asian-American." n356 The campaign,
which relied on grassroots mobilization, policy advocacy, and media pressure,
resulted in the enactment of a living wage law that requires any employer with a
city contract, concession agreement, or subsidy of more than $ 100,000 to pay
the designated wage minimum, which is adjusted annually. n357 LAANE has
continued to expand its living wage advocacy, currently working to pass a policy
in Santa Monica, a separately incorporated city in Los Angeles County, that
would apply living wage requirements to all employers within a specified
geographic zone irrespective of whether they hold a government contract. n358
Legal advocacy has been an important part of LAANE's living wage efforts. n359
In particular, lawyers on  [*472]  LAANE's staff have worked with other labor
and legal services attorneys to negotiate and draft a range of living wage
policy provisions while monitoring ongoing compliance issues.

   By bringing together a broad coalition of economic justice activists, the
living wage movement has succeeded in creating an income floor in many cities
that has raised a significant number of workers out of poverty. As the movement
continues to grow, it has become one of the flash points of progressive
activism, mobilizing disparate constituencies in support of worker rights and
union organizing. n360

   B. Worker Cooperatives: Creating Alternative Spaces for Democratic Action

 CED's renewed commitment to economic justice is also evident in the type of
business development work that advocates are beginning to undertake. In
particular, lawyers working at the grassroots level are shifting their attention
away from the traditional emphasis on commercial projects and small business
programs, and are focusing greater resources on the development of worker
cooperative businesses. n361 This shift reflects a changing strategic  [*473]
understanding of CED: No longer merely conceptualized as a vehicle for
community-based job creation, the new CED model also seeks to energize
grassroots political activism. By offering a forum for practicing democratic
decision making and cultivating community organizing, worker cooperatives
advance the twin goals of job creation and political engagement. n362

   The potential of cooperatives as a catalyst for community action is a
function of their unique structure, which dissolves the labor-capital division
characteristic of traditional business forms. n363 Based on the famous  [*474]
Mondragon model of industrial cooperatives, n364 the worker cooperative
displaces the conventional mode of business ownership with a structure in which
the right to vote and receive net income are "attached to the functional role of
working in the firm." n365 First codified in the United States by the 1982
Massachusetts Employee Cooperative Corporations Law, n366 the Mondragon-style
cooperative severs decision-making power from capital ownership, ensures open
access to cooperative membership, and rewards worker participation over stock
accumulation.

   Cooperatives are built upon three technical features that distinguish them
from other business forms: membership, internal capital accounts, and patronage
allocations. First, a cooperative is comprised of worker-members, who vote their
membership shares on a one-person, one-vote basis. n367 The membership structure
thus implements the concept of democratic ownership by conferring voting rights
on workers, rather than non-employee investors, and limiting each member to one
vote irrespective of the amount of share ownership. n368 Second, a system of
internal capital accounts further reinforces the separation of membership rights
and stock ownership. In particular, as cooperative profits are allocated to the
internal capital accounts, n369 individual members may accrue different
ownership stakes without gaining additional voting rights. n370 This internal
account structure also ensures open access to  [*475]  cooperative membership by
allowing the cooperative to keep the price of membership low enough so that new
workers may afford to become members. n371 Finally, the system of patronage
allows the cooperative to allocate profits based on worker participation. Thus,
rather than distributing profits according to the number of shares owned by an
outside investor, the cooperative can appoint "earnings and losses to members on
the basis of their relative amount of work, usually measured by hours of work or
total wages." n372

   Incorporating the principles of democratic control, open membership, and
equitable economic participation, n373 worker cooperatives provide a vehicle for
CED practitioners to promote the type of grassroots organizing and
community-based leadership development absent from the traditional business
model. n374 While offering a method for creating jobs in poor communities,
cooperative development also establishes sites of collective action that can
grow into critical loci of community change. n375 Cooperative formation fosters
political consciousness among participants by challenging the dominant
conception of worker status and capital ownership. n376 Thus, the incipient
organizing structure and politicized nature of cooperatives provide the
foundations for mobilizing low-income constituencies and connecting grassroots
efforts to the larger economic justice movement. n377

    [*476]  Cooperative development has emerged as an important component of
industrial retention strategies and grassroots immigrant worker organizing.
Beginning in the 1980s, the formation of worker cooperatives gained attention as
a mechanism for retaining high-paying manufacturing jobs in declining Rustbelt
regions faced with threatened plant shutdowns and failing small businesses. n378
Part of a broader strategy designed to stabilize manufacturing jobs for workers
with limited skills and education, n379 employee buy-outs of industrial concerns
have been successful in contexts where well-organized worker groups have
persuaded corporate officials to avoid the costs and negative publicity of plant
closings. n380 The InterValley Project (IVP), a network of community
institutions in Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Connecticut, n381 has been one
of the most active organizations deploying cooperative-based job retention
strategies. n382 Working to foster an organizing-centered model of democratic
economic development, IVP's major accomplishments have included three successful
employee buy-outs of local industries. n383

    [*477]  More recently, community activists have begun to focus on
cooperative development as a strategy to organize low-wage, predominantly
immigrant workers in marginalized economic sectors. n384 In particular,
advocates have helped to structure cooperatives comprised of domestic workers
and day laborers in order to institutionalize some of the benefits of
traditional unionization - job security, higher wages, and skill development -
among workforce populations deemed otherwise "unorganizable." n385 Although
still small in number, immigrant worker cooperatives are receiving heightened
attention among advocates in large urban centers in California, which have
significant Latino immigrant populations. In Los Angeles, for instance,
Strategic Actions for a Just Economy and the Coalition for Humane Immigrant
Rights of Los Angeles have promoted the use of cooperatives in the context of
domestic work and other immigrant-saturated industries, such as gardening and
landscaping. By helping workers to create formal cooperative structures that
consolidate bargaining power, these community organizations have taken initial
steps to curb the most egregious forms of worker exploitation. Moreover, their
efforts highlight how the innovative use of cooperatives can respond to the
changing demographics of the urban low-wage workforce, strengthening the
economic position of immigrant workers while planting the seeds of grassroots
activism. n386

   CED lawyers can provide varied technical and legal assistance to facilitate
the development of worker cooperatives. n387 Most significantly, lawyers are
needed to advise workers on the appropriate legal structure for their  [*478]
cooperative. n388 This decision is largely based on the availability of a state
cooperative corporation statute, n389 although other considerations, including
the legal status of the workers involved, n390 may affect the choice of entity.
In the process of establishing the legal structure, lawyers must address a
number of key organizational issues, including membership eligibility, standards
for the acceptance and expulsion of members, capital structure, voting
procedures, and governance protocols. n391 Once the cooperative is formed, CED
attorneys can provide ongoing transactional support by responding to the full
range of issues that arise in the course of business operations - ensuring
corporate compliance, drafting and reviewing contracts and leases, and advising
on tax, employment, and licensing issues. By cultivating the development of
cooperative business initiatives in this way, CED lawyers can fuse job creation
and grassroots organizing strategies to create alternative spaces for democratic
action.

   C. Organizing-Based Jobs Initiatives: Using Legal Levers to Redistribute
Economic Benefits

 Under the market-based approach to CED, the public sector has little direct
involvement in job creation activities. Jobs are produced, under this model,
through private sector expansion, which government entities facilitate through
guaranteed loans, tax breaks, and other growth-promoting subsidies. However, as
CED advocates increasingly turn away from this market approach, they are
employing an organizing-based model of job creation that enlists the public
sector in redistributing the benefits of business growth to low-income
constituencies. Thus, instead of viewing government as a passive entity that
simply calibrates incentives to encourage capital investment, coalitions of
activists and poverty lawyers are applying pressure to force governmental actors
to become partners in stimulating broader economic reforms. To do so, they are
deploying organizing strategies around existing legal requirements that either
mandate or strongly encourage job creation for poor workers. This emerging
approach has focused on exacting greater community benefits from locally
subsidized development projects, structuring job creation and retention plans
under the auspices of federal laws, and establishing employment training
programs upon the foundation of federal workforce development mandates.

[*479]

   1. Publicly subsidized local redevelopment.

 Building on the success of the living wage movement, coalitions of grassroots
activists and lawyers have begun to use the existence of local business
subsidies as a lever to expand the scope of economic benefits directed to
low-income communities. These coalitions have applied organizing pressure to
require that companies receiving public subsidies through the redevelopment
process provide direct economic benefits to low-income communities. n392 Thus,
in exchange for subsidies, developers are being required to provide community
benefits packages, which, in addition to living wage provisions, typically
include job training programs and community hiring agreements.

   The structural features of redevelopment make it a target for community
organizing and legal advocacy to enhance accessible job opportunities for
low-income workers. Originally implemented as part of federally sponsored urban
renewal programs, redevelopment has evolved into local programs administered
under state enabling legislation. n393 Although the process varies by state, it
is generally defined by the creation of local redevelopment agencies with broad
powers to coordinate land assembly and financing for private development. n394
Redevelopment is typically undertaken with the goal of  [*480]  facilitating
business growth in zones designated as economically blighted. n395 As an
incentive to developers to initiate projects in the zones, the redevelopment
agency offers subsidies in the form of tax increment financing, tax abatements,
grants and loans, and industrial revenue bonds. n396

   The legal connection between the allocation of public subsidies and the
requirement of community revitalization has provided the "handle" to leverage
job creation benefits for low-income constituencies affected by redevelopment.
Drawing upon public concern about the "corporate welfare" aspect of
redevelopment, n397 advocates have used organizing pressure - backed by the
threat of legal action - to require publicly subsidized developers to implement
job creation plans for poor workers. n398 In a recent example in Los Angeles,
the Figueroa Corridor Coalition for Economic Justice - a group of community
organizations, unions, and residents - successfully concluded an agreement with
the developers of a billion-dollar downtown sports and entertainment district to
adopt a community benefits plan. The plan, which was included in the master
development agreement after lengthy negotiations, includes more than a million
dollars for the creation and improvement of parks, a local hiring and job
training program, a residential parking permit program, and a twenty percent
affordable housing set-aside. n399 It also requires that at least seventy
percent of an estimated 5,500 jobs to be created by the project pay a living
[*481]  wage. n400

   Other organizations have used a similar approach to exact community benefits
from publicly subsidized projects coordinated outside the umbrella of local
redevelopment agencies. For example, the Legal Aid Foundation of Los Angeles
worked with a coalition of community organizations and labor groups anchored by
AGENDA to attach job creation conditions to a multi-billion dollar movie studio
development that was to receive a subsidy package valued between $ 70 and $ 590
million. n401 Although the studio ultimately withdrew from the project, the
coalition largely achieved its goals, n402 winning a commitment from the studio
to fund a multimedia job-training academy for low-income workers and to make
efforts to hire academy graduates. Similarly, the Alameda Corridor Jobs
Coalition, in conjunction with a consortium of legal services providers, was
able to gain a commitment from the developer of a $ 2.4 billion railway
transportation project to "train 1000 low-income corridor residents for
construction trade and support jobs and to set aside thirty percent of all hours
worked for those who completed the training." n403

   Advocates have also used business subsidies as a basis for establishing first
source hiring agreements, which generally require private companies that receive
public monies to make efforts to hire local community residents. n404  [*482]
Under most first source agreements, the city designates a job development agency
to act as a clearinghouse for job applicants. n405 Publicly subsidized employers
are required to consider applicants from the first source agency, who are
typically low-income job seekers from disadvantaged neighborhoods. n406 Some
first source arrangements require that businesses hire a specific percentage of
their workers from the agency, while others only require that job openings be
listed with the agency for a certain amount of time, giving local residents the
first opportunity to access openings. n407 In the typical situation, the
subsidized businesses are under no obligation to hire from the local job pool,
although they must be able to show that they considered local workers as a
precondition to hiring outside the first source agency. n408 Beginning with
Portland in 1979, n409 several cities have passed ordinances that direct
businesses to enter into first source agreements upon receipt of a public
contract or some other form of government assistance. n410 Even in the absence
of such ordinances, community organizations have successfully negotiated with
developers to accept first source arrangements in order to receive redevelopment
incentive packages.

   In the context of publicly subsidized redevelopment, CED lawyers can draw
upon their transactional skills to draft and review agreements that  [*483]
implement community benefit programs and local hiring commitments. n411 CED
lawyers can also assist community organizing groups by explaining the steps
involved in the redevelopment process, determining what requirements can legally
be attached to public funding, n412 and identifying examples of successful
redevelopment advocacy. n413 Finally, CED lawyers are often needed to establish
nonprofit entities to act as implementing organizations for job training and
placement programs that result from redevelopment agreements. n414 This type of
advocacy facilitates the development of broad job creation standards while
strengthening the capacity of grassroots coalitions.

   2. Federally sponsored employer linkage programs.

 In addition to tapping the job creation potential of locally subsidized
redevelopment projects, CED lawyers have focused attention on leveraging jobs
for low-income workers through existing federal mandates. In particular,
advocates have used local hiring requirements embedded in federal programs to
connect residents of poor communities to private sector employers. For legal
services advocates, Section 3 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968
has been a particularly important tool in establishing these types of employer
linkages. n415

    [*484]  Section 3 has emerged as a mechanism for requiring public housing
authorities (PHAs) and other recipients of HUD funds to provide training,
employment, and contracting opportunities for low-and very low-income persons.
n416 Initially enacted in 1968, n417 Section 3 was strengthened through
amendments included in the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992, n418
and further fortified by a 1994 Interim Rule. n419 The stated purpose of Section
3 is "to ensure that the employment and other economic opportunities  [*485]
generated by Federal financial assistance for housing and community development
programs shall, to the greatest extent feasible, be directed toward low-and very
low-income persons, particularly those who are recipients of government
assistance for housing." n420 Recipients of designated HUD funds, n421 as well
as their contractors and subcontractors, n422 may demonstrate compliance with
the "greatest extent feasible" requirement by meeting the safe harbor numerical
goals set forth in the federal regulations. n423 In particular, recipients of
HUD public housing funds can satisfy the safe harbor goals by committing to
employ Section 3 residents - defined as public housing residents or low-to very
low-income residents of the designated metropolitan area n424 - as thirty
percent of new hires each year. n425 In working to achieve compliance,
recipients are required to give priority in employment opportunities to
residents of the specific housing development projects receiving financial
assistance. n426

   In practice, given that most local PHAs rely heavily on HUD funds for housing
demolition, rehabilitation, and construction, Section 3 has become the focal
point of advocacy to implement comprehensive resident hiring programs. Although
HUD has shown little interest in sanctioning PHAs for failing to meet Section 3
goals, n427 collaboration between PHAs and community organizations has resulted
in the successful implementation of voluntary Section 3 compliance programs that
have created employment opportunities for public  [*486]  housing residents. For
instance, the Housing Authority of the City of Los Angeles (HACLA) has
instituted a Resident Pre-Employment, Apprenticeship and Employment Program that
requires HACLA contractors to enter into project labor agreements with
designated trade unions and hire specific numbers of public housing residents.
n428 In another example, tenant advocacy in Johnstown, Pennsylvania resulted in
a formal agreement by the Johnstown Housing Authority to incorporate greater
resident participation in the formulation and monitoring of resident hiring
programs. n429 Other community groups have organized to require major Section 3
contractors to institute stronger resident hiring initiatives. In one example,
ACORN pressured Price Waterhouse, which has HUD contracts of almost $ 9 million,
to enter into a multi-city first source hiring program to fulfill its Section 3
obligations. n430

   Section 3 advocacy relies on innovative coalitions of legal services lawyers,
tenant organizing groups, and labor union locals. n431 Many successful Section 3
programs have evolved from the efforts of indigenous tenant groups and community
organizations, which have been able to initiate grassroots actions and invoke
PHA grievance procedures to leverage stronger commitments to Section 3 hiring.
n432 In addition, since many of the jobs created  [*487]  in Section 3 housing
development projects are in construction and related building trades, unions
have been forceful allies in negotiating with PHAs to create apprenticeship
training and hiring programs that channel residents through union-sponsored
institutions. CED lawyers play numerous roles in this emerging Section 3
advocacy, primarily working to negotiate, draft, and enforce resident hiring
plans. n433 They can also facilitate Section 3 compliance by disseminating
information to public housing residents about their Section 3 rights,
coordinating exchanges between community-based organizations and labor
representatives on Section 3 enforcement strategies, and structuring nonprofit
entities to formalize the Section 3 organizing mission of tenant groups. While
still in its early stages, Section 3 advocacy is emerging as an important
vehicle for targeting grassroots efforts to leverage living wage jobs from
federally supported development projects.

   3. Sectoral employment interventions.

 CED practitioners have also begun to connect their job creation efforts to a
broader program of workforce development to prepare low-income job seekers for
viable living wage careers. The tool that has been used to promote workforce
development - Sectoral Employment Intervention (SEI) - constitutes a critical
element of the new CED advocacy, employing a coalition-based strategy to create
systematic changes in the delivery of job training services to the poor. Under
the conventional CED paradigm, efforts are made to build an indigenous business
base to employ local residents. SEIs depart from this conception, adopting a
non-local approach that removes barriers for low-income workers seeking to
access living wage employment on a regional level. n434 In particular, SEIs
identify high-growth sectors within a regional economy that provide living wage
jobs and develop customized job training programs to move low-income job seekers
into targeted industries. n435

    [*488]  SEIs evolved out of regional sectoral economic development
strategies that focused more broadly on facilitating industry-wide growth and
enhancing sectoral competitiveness. n436 SEIs build upon these early economic
development efforts by analyzing how job increases created by sectoral growth
can be directed to benefit low-income communities: n437 "In addition to
analyzing an industry's employment opportunities, employment strategies pay
special attention to the hiring practices of employers: not only who they hired,
but how they hired and where they hired from." n438 On the basis of these
analyses, SEIs structure comprehensive workforce development programs that not
only prepare lower-skilled workers for jobs in the targeted sector, but also
reform industry-wide hiring practices by helping employers address institutional
barriers that block employment for poor workers. n439 Adopting a  [*489]
collaborative approach that integrates employers, training providers, and social
services agencies, n440 an increasing number of community-based organizations
have implemented SEIs that augment job skills for low-income workers, affording
expanded access to high-growth, high-wage industry clusters.

   The most innovative SEIs have leveraged federal workforce development
resources to create model training programs and enhance the training
infrastructure in identified industries. In particular, the enactment of the
Workforce Investment Act (WIA) of 1998, n441 which replaced the Job Training
Partnership Act as the mechanism for dispensing federal job training assistance,
n442 has galvanized advocates seeking to improve training opportunities for
hard-to-employ workers. WIA mandates that local workforce investment boards
(WIBs), which are responsible for setting policy and overseeing programs within
the designated workforce area, n443 locate core job training services at a
single comprehensive center to streamline service delivery. n444 Although access
to WIA's "one-stop" system is open to any individual, regardless of economic
background, the statute requires that priority for higher-level training
activities be provided "to recipients of public assistance and other low-income
individuals." n445 In order to obtain services from eligible providers, job
seekers must use a voucher-based system of individual training accounts. n446
WIA requires that the provision of training  [*490]  services be directly linked
to local "demand" occupations. n447

   Community organizations implementing SEIs have sought to draw upon WIA
resources to create programs that move marginalized workers into high-paying
demand occupations. For example, the Los Angeles Metropolitan Alliance (Metro
Alliance) - a coalition of organizing groups, labor unions, faith-based
entities, and legal services advocates - has initiated an SEI campaign targeting
the Los Angeles WIB as a funding source for a training program designed to open
the health care industry to low-income job seekers. After conducting an in-depth
regional economic analysis that pointed to health care as a growing high-wage
industry in Los Angeles, the Metro Alliance convened a steering committee of
community representatives to chart an organizing and policy advocacy agenda for
implementing a health care SEI.

   As a first step toward establishing the program, the committee drew public
attention to the need for increased access to health care jobs by holding a
large community rally and staging a series of public demonstrations at WIB
hearings. This initial organizing, in combination with private negotiations, was
successful in convincing the local WIB to identify health care as a demand
occupation in its annual budget and designate funds for industry-specific job
training. The steering committee subsequently drafted a Healthcare Careers
Training and Placement Program Proposal outlining its vision of community-based
job training, which was circulated among WIB members and city staff. Steering
committee members are currently engaged in ongoing discussions about the details
of the health care proposal and have received an initial commitment from the WIB
to fund a pilot training program. n448

   CED lawyers are critical SEI actors, building organizational capacity for
groups employing SEI techniques, n449 and brokering the type of collaborative
[*491]  relationships necessary to promote effective SEI projects. n450 CED
practitioners can also play a meaningful part in drafting contracts establishing
SEI partnerships and advising community organizations on how to integrate SEI
programs into the WIA system. By redirecting federal resources to poor
constituencies and linking low-income workers to living wage employment
opportunities, SEIs constitute a crucial component of the economic justice
agenda.

   Conclusion

 The 1990s will be remembered as a decade of fractious partisan politics,
symbolized by the presidential impeachment in Washington and polarizing state
initiatives. Yet a less remarked upon - but no less significant - political
development also occurred, one that has left progressive lawyers and other
activists struggling to redefine their role as social change agents. In
particular, a surprising political consensus formed around the idea that the
market could be harnessed to alleviate poverty. As this consensus held sway,
politicians and professionals of different ideological stripes embraced the
notion that poor neighborhoods were underutilized markets in need of
concentrated private sector investment in order to stimulate revitalization.
Market-based CED as a vehicle for local economic empowerment emerged as the
ideal form of antipoverty advocacy for the 1990s, one that did not challenge the
fundamental tenets of a system that was fueling unprecedented stock market gains
and creating a record number of paper-billionaires. This model of CED accepted
wealth creation as a bedrock principle and suggested that the tools used by the
rich to bolster their portfolios should also be applied to redressing the
problems of the poor.

   To be sure, the market-based CED paradigm had its successes, creating new
units of affordable housing, building commercial shopping centers in
neighborhoods long deprived of basic services, supporting community-based
businesses owners, and directing public and private resources to distressed
areas. As the decade brought economic issues to the fore and legal services
lawyers faced ever-tightening restrictions, increasing numbers of poverty
lawyers adopted the market-based CED approach, working with community
organizations to strengthen the fraying infrastructure of neighborhoods passed
over by the economic boom. Transactional lawyers - those with expertise in real
estate, tax, and corporate law - became influential community-based advocates,
advising nonprofit developers on structuring tax credit housing deals,
negotiating with banks on financing for  [*492]  commercial projects, and
assisting low-income entrepreneurs to fulfill their dreams of business
ownership.

   The market consensus, however, was always an unstable one. The product of a
volatile mix of black power ideology, supply-side economics, and empowerment
theory, market-based CED maintained its strong appeal so long as the economic
upswing continued to create media-friendly examples of urban renaissance. As the
1990s waned, evidence of market failure disrupted the tenuous bonds of this
consensus. Against the garish glow of dot-com consumption, at the height of the
New Economy boom, poverty persisted - growing more extreme in many urban areas -
while income inequality grew more pronounced. Despite the well-publicized
success of the wealthy few, the portrait of fin-de-siecle America that emerged
was one of intransigent class divisions, a growing low-wage workforce, and deep
economic cleavages along racial lines. For all its fanfare, the doctrine of
business development that was the hallmark of market-based CED had not
significantly altered the geography of urban poverty. Moreover, the market
version of CED generated a political passivity among progressive advocates for
low-income constituencies. As CED practitioners promoted market expansion, they
largely disregarded the type of political mobilization that had proven effective
in shifting resources to historically marginalized groups. Thus, the
confrontational styles of NWRO and ACORN were replaced with the politically
accommodationist tactics of CDCs. The place-based, business development logic of
economic nationalism trumped the mass-based, worker-centered imperative of
economic justice.

   This Article has described the emergence of a new approach to CED, one that
draws upon the energy of grassroots organizing and leverages the political clout
of labor and other established community organizations to re-ignite the movement
for economic justice. Unlike the market-based model, which relies primarily on
private sector interventions to promote economic development, this approach
integrates legal advocacy and grassroots activism to build progressive political
power and redistribute economic resources to low-income communities. In
particular, lawyers have begun to use existing legal levers and organizational
structures to expand the scope of living wage ordinances, develop sites of
democratic economic alternatives, exact community benefits in exchange for
redevelopment subsidies, and create jobs and responsive training programs for
low-income workers. These efforts require that lawyers use their technical
skills in representing community-based organizations engaged in organizing and
other political activity, while also becoming active participants in grassroots
campaigns to effect social change. By linking their legal advocacy to a larger
progressive movement, innovative CED practitioners are changing the parameters
of antipoverty policy and shaping the contours of a broad-based, multiracial
coalition for economic justice.

   As the country enters a period of economic uncertainty and revitalized
political conservatism, the limitations of market-based CED will be magnified.
In addition,  [*493]  as our urban areas continue to evolve into racially
hyper-diverse, immigrant-dominated centers with more spatially dispersed
poverty, the traditional concepts of place-based CED - evolving out of efforts
to address concentrated African American poverty - will become increasingly
outdated. While neighborhood-level economic interventions will continue to be
important in urban areas driven by residential segregation, it will be more
critical still to forge cross-neighborhood coalitions of low-income people to
demand equitable urban development schemes. Thus, as this Article has argued, an
advocacy strategy that continues to promote market expansion without
simultaneously attempting to activate a progressive resurgence will remain
politically peripheral. To address poverty in a comprehensive manner, CED
advocates must deploy a more tactically integrated approach, using sophisticated
market techniques in a way that privileges political activism and advances the
goals of a broader economic justice agenda.


Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Constitutional LawBill of RightsGeneral OverviewGovernmentsPublic
ImprovementsCommunity RedevelopmentPublic Health & Welfare LawSocial
ServicesEconomic Development

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  In a prominent example of the shift in antipoverty policies toward CED, the
Clinton Administration unveiled its New Markets Initiative in 1999, pledging
over one billion dollars in tax breaks and loan assistance to businesses in poor
communities. See Charles Babington, Clinton Urges Corporate Investment to Fight
Pockets of Poverty, Wash. Post, July 6, 1999, at A2; David Barstow, Invest in
Poor Areas, Clinton Urges, N.Y. Times, Jan. 14, 2000, at B4; John M. Broder, A
Pledge of Federal Help for the Economic Byways, N.Y. Times, July 6, 1999, at
A10; John M. Broder, Clinton, in Poverty Tour, Focuses on Profits, N.Y. Times,
July 7, 1999, at A14; Peter T. Kilborn, Clinton, amid the Despair on a
Reservation, Again Pledges Help, N.Y. Times, July 8, 1999, at A16; Todd S.
Purdum, Clinton Ends Visit to Poor with an Appeal for Support, N.Y. Times, July
9, 1999, at A10. Civil rights leaders have also embraced CED. For example, in
1999, Jesse Jackson's Rainbow/PUSH Coalition initiated a "Wall Street Project"
to increase investment in minority-owned communities. See George Packer,
Trickle-Down Civil Rights, N.Y. Times, Dec. 12, 1999, 6 (Magazine), at 75.





n2.  See Daniel S. Shah, Lawyering for Empowerment: Community Development and
Social Change, 6 Clinical L. Rev. 217, 218 (1999) ("As an approach to dealing
with urban poverty, community development programs have been supported under
diverse political agendas."); see also Nicholas Lemann, The Myth of Community
Development, N.Y. Times, Jan. 9, 1994, 6 (Magazine), at 27 (arguing that CED as
an antipoverty program appeals broadly to politicians, philanthropic
foundations, business groups, community-based organizations, and government
bureaucrats); David E. Sanger, Fighting Poverty, President and Speaker Find a
Moment of Unity, N.Y. Times, Nov. 6, 1999, at A10 (describing an agreement
between President Bill Clinton and Speaker Dennis Hastert to "merge their plans
to alleviate inner-city and rural poverty" through tax incentives, wage credits,
and other tools). Indeed, different variations of market-based strategies to
alleviate poverty have been embraced by divergent figures. See, e.g., Steven A.
Holmes, Kemp's Legacy as Housing Secretary: One of Ideas, Not Accomplishments,
N.Y. Times, Aug. 20, 1996, at A15 (noting that Republican Jack Kemp was one of
the first federal advocates of enterprise zones); Roberto Mangabeira Unger &
Cornel West, First Principles: Progressive Politics and What Lies Ahead, Nation,
Nov. 23, 1998, at 11, 13 (proposing the establishment of "independently
administered venture-capital funds chartered to invest in the rearguard and to
conserve and grow the resources with which they would be endowed").





n3.  See, e.g., James H. Carr, Community, Capital and Markets: A New Paradigm
for Community Reinvestment, NeighborWorks J., Summer 1999, at 20, 23 (arguing
that the market-based approach to community revitalization "could lead to
overcoming one of the most intractable problems of this century and set the
stage for vibrant and reinvigorated communities in the next millennium");
Michael E. Porter, The Competitive Advantage of the Inner City, Harv. Bus. Rev.,
May-June 1995, at 55-56 ("A sustainable economic base can be created in the
inner city, but only as it has been created elsewhere: through private,
for-profit initiatives and investment based on economic self-interest and
genuine competitive advantage ... ."); see alsoRenee A. Berger & Carol
Steinbach, National Congress for Community Economic Development, A Place in the
Marketplace: Making Capitalism Work in Poor Communities (1992).





n4.  See, e.g., Patricia A. Wilson, Empowerment: Community Economic Development
from the Inside Out, 33 Urb. Stud. 617 (1996).





n5.  These components of market-based CED have evolved in an interconnected
manner, as federal, state, and local policies have created the framework for
local interventions by community activists and poverty lawyers.





n6.  For example, California has established Enterprise Zones to promote private
investment and job creation in low-income neighborhoods. SeeCal. Gov't Code 7070
-7086 (2001) ("It is declared to be the purpose of this chapter to stimulate
business and industrial growth in the depressed areas of the state by relaxing
regulatory controls that impede private investment."). At the local level,
municipal governments have focused their redevelopment programs on subsidizing
business expansion in blighted areas. See, e.g., Robert Pollin & Stephanie Luce,
The Living Wage: Building a Fair Economy 56-61 (1998) (describing municipal
urban development policies).





n7.  SeeRebuilding LA's Urban Communities: A Final Report from RLA 58 (1997)
("RLA's industry research dispelled the myth that Los Angeles' neglected
communities are barren wastelands. Instead, these communities have a large and
growing manufacturing base and substantial unserved retail demand... . They also
have assets that provide opportunity for growth and establishment of new
business, including strategic location, infrastructure support, and a skilled
local workforce."); Carr, supra note 3, at 20 (stating that "many lower-income
and minority communities that face a severe shortage of capital are,
nevertheless, rich and undervalued assets"); Audrey G. McFarlane, Race, Space,
and Place: The Geography of Economic Development, 36 San Diego L. Rev. 295, 306
(1999) ("The attitude toward community is reconfigured to recognize the assets
in the community and to make a concerted effort to harness, promote, and enhance
these assets through an array of complementary programs and activities ... .");
John P. Kretzmann, Building Communities from the Inside Out, 83 Shelterforce
Online, Sept.-Oct. 1995 (discussing the components of a community "Assets Map,"
which includes individual residents, citizen associations, and community
institutions), at http://www.nhi.org/online/issues/83/buildcomm.html; see
alsoJohn P.Kretzmann & John L. McKnight, Building Communities from the Inside
Out: A Path Toward Finding and Mobilizing a Community's Assets (1993).





n8.  See Porter, supra note 3, at 56 (advocating an approach to economic
development that seeks to "identify and exploit the competitive advantages of
inner cities that will translate into truly profitable businesses").





n9.  See Carr, supra note 3, at 21-22.





n10.  Id. at 20 (stating that low-income neighborhoods should promote their
"historic sites, vintage housing stock, convenience to mass transit systems,
well-established religious institutions, traditional commercial thoroughfares,
and ... proximity to major employers, cultural or recreation facilities,
restaurants, boutiques, colleges and universities, parks and other city
landmarks"); see also Fannie Mae Foundation, Introduction to Valuing Community
Assets, in The Market Power of Emerging Communities: A New Paradigm to Plan,
Promote, and Finance Neighborhood Development (2000) [hereinafter The Market
Power of Emerging Communities].





n11.  See Carr, supra note 3, at 20-21; see also Robert E. Lang, James W. Hughes
& Karen A. Danielsen, Targeting the Suburban Urbanites: Marketing Central-City
Housing, 8 Housing Pol'y Debate 437 (1997); Catherine Toups & James H. Carr,
Reimagining Distressed Communities: A Strategy to Reverse Decline and Attract
Investors, 1 BuildingBlocks 3 (2000).





n12.  See Fannie Mae Foundation, Financial Innovations and Tools Overview,
inTheMarket Power of Emerging Communities, supra note 10, at 1-10 ("Financial
Tools" Tab); see alsoFannie Mae Foundation, Examples of Innovative Financial
Tools for Community Development, in The Market Power of Emerging Communities,
supra note 10, at 1-21 (promoting the use of innovative community development
financing strategies such as real estate investment trusts, microfinance, and
community development trusts).





n13.  In addition, CED professionals have claimed that, through the use of value
recapture schemes, the material benefits generated through this market strategy
can be transferred to low-income neighborhood residents. SeeFannie Mae
Foundation, Value Recapture Mechanisms, in The Market Power of Emerging
Communities, supra note 10, at 1 (stating that "community "change agents' at
work in revitalizing communities can set up mechanisms that channel some of the
increased real estate revenues toward uses that help mitigate the negative
effects of gentrification and ensure that newly created wealth is used to the
advantage of current low-and moderate-income residents").





n14.  For discussions of CED in the poverty law context, see generally National
Economic Development and Law Center, Counseling Organizations in Community
Economic Development (1996); Susan D. Bennett, On Long-Haul Lawyering, 25
Fordham Urb. L.J. 771, 784-85 (1998); Michael Diamond, Community Lawyering:
Revisiting the Old Neighborhood, 32 Colum. Hum. Rts. L. Rev.67 (2000); Brian
Glick & Matthew J. Rossman, Neighborhood Legal Services as House Counsel to
Community-Based Efforts to Achieve Economic Justice: The East Brooklyn
Experience, 23 N.Y.U. Rev. L. & Soc. Change 105 (1997); Jeffrey S. Lehman &
Rochelle E. Lento, Law School Support for Community-Based Economic Development
in Low-Income Urban Neighborhoods, 42 J. Urb. & Contemp. L. 65 (1992); Maribeth
Perry, The Role of Transactional Attorneys in Providing Pro Bono Legal Services,
42 B.B.J. 16 (1998); Peter Pitegoff, Law School Initiatives in Housing and
Community Development, 4 Pub. Int. L.J. 275 (1995); Ben Quinones, CED on the
Job, 27 Clearinghouse Rev. 773 (1993); Ben Quinones, Redevelopment Redefined:
Revitalizing the Central City with Resident Control, 27 U. Mich. J.L. Ref. 689
(1994) [hereinafter Quinones, Redevelopment Redefined]; Michael H. Schill,
Assessing the Role of Community Development Corporations in Inner City Economic
Development, 22 N.Y.U. Rev. L. & Soc. Change 753 (1996-97); Janine Sisak, If the
Shoe Doesn't Fit ... Reformulating Rebellious Lawyering to Encompass Community
Group Representation, 25 Fordham Urb. L.J.873 (1998); Ann Southworth, Business
Planning for the Destitute? Lawyers as Facilitators in Civil Rights and Poverty
Practice, 1996 Wis. L. Rev. 1121 (1996); Lucie E. White, Feminist
Microenterprise: Vindicating the Rights of Women in the New Global Order?, 50
Me. L. Rev. 327 (1998).





n15.  For discussions of microenterprise development, see generally Susan R.
Jones, A Legal Guide to Microenterprise Development: Battling Poverty through
Self-Employment (1998) [hereinafter Jones, A Legal Guide to Microenterprise
Development]; Brad Caftel, Helping Microenterprise Programs Succeed, CED
Exchange, June 1993, at 1; Margaret Beebe Held, Developing Microbusinesses in
Public Housing: Notes from the Field, 31 Harv. C.R.-C.L. L. Rev. 473 (1996);
Susan R. Jones, Self-Employment: Possibilities and Problems, inHard Labor: Women
and Work in the Post-Welfare Era 76 (Joel F. Handler & Lucie E. White eds.,
1999) [hereinafter Hard Labor]; Susan R. Jones, Small Business and Community
Economic Development: Transactional Lawyering for Social Change and Economic
Justice, 4 Clinical L. Rev. 195 (1997) [hereinafter Jones, Small Business and
Community Economic Development]; Lewis D. Solomon, Microenterprise: Human
Reconstruction in America's Inner Cities, 15 Harv. J.L. & Pub. Pol'y 191 (1992);
Robert E. Suggs, Bringing Small Business Development to Urban Neighborhoods, 30
Harv. C.R.-C.L. L. Rev.487 (1995). For an analysis of commercial development
projects, see Schill, supra note 14, at 766-72.





n16.  See, e.g., David Philip Cohen, Improving the Supply of Affordable Housing:
The Role of the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit, 6 J.L. & Pol'y 537, 550 (1998).





n17.  See, e.g., Christopher Jordan Heisen, Community Development Lite: An
Economic Analysis of the Community Development Financial Institutions Act, 39
How. L.J. 337, 343 (1995); Rochelle E. Lento, Community Development Banking
Strategy for Revitalizing Our Communities, 27 U. Mich. J.L. Reform 773 (1994).





n18.  In general, the Ford, Annie E. Casey, Charles Stuart Mott, and John S. and
James L. Knight Foundations have been active in supporting CED efforts.
Recently, Power of Attorney was established specifically to fund pro bono CED
legal programs across the country. See Power of Attorney, Power of Attorney, at
http://www.powerofattorney.org (last visited Jan. 12, 2002).





n19.  For example, in 1995, one study indicated that 20% of the more than 300
legal services programs across the country had devoted significant resources to
CED. See Mario Salgado, Building a Community Economic Development Unit, 28
Clearinghouse Rev. 981, 982 (1995). In addition, more than twenty CED clinics
have been established in law schools across the country, including Harvard,
Yale, Georgetown, Chicago, Michigan, George Washington, and State University of
New York at Buffalo.





n20.  See Harold Cruse, The Crisis of the Negro Intellectual 19, 175-76 (1967).





n21.  See Lateef Mtima, African-American Economic Empowerment Strategies for the
New Millennium - Revisiting the Washington-DuBois Dialetic, 42 How. L.J. 391,
394-99 (1999); see also Booker T. Washington, TheAtlanta Exposition Address,
inThe Negro American: A Documentary History 343 (Leslie H. Fishel, Jr. &
Benjamin Quarles eds., 1967).





n22.  See Mtima, supra note 21, at 396.





n23.  For a discussion of these organizations, see Harry C. Boyte, The Backyard
Revolution: Understanding the New Citizen Movement 53, 93-97 (1980); Gary
Delgado, Organizing the Movement: The Roots and Growth of ACORN (1986); Nick
Kotz & Mary Lynn Kotz, A Passion for Equality: George A. Wiley and the Movement
(1977); Frances Fox Piven & Richard A. Cloward, Poor People's Movements: Why
They Succeed, How They Fail 264-359 (1977); Steve Bachmann, Bachmann & Weltchek:
ACORN Law Practice, 7 Law & Pol'y 29 (1985); Dan Russell, Roots of a Social
Justice Movement (1970-75), at http://www.acorn.org/history-content.html (last
visited Jan. 7, 2002).





n24.  See Harry C. Boyte, Community Organizing in the 1970s: Seeds of Democratic
Revolt, in Community Organization for Urban Social Change: A Historical
Perspective 217, 230 (Robert Fisher & Peter Romanofsky eds., 1981) (stating that
"the 1970s produced far greater attention to the creation of alliances among
groups of the powerless - alliances made increasingly possible by the parallel
changes within labor unions, churches, public-interest groups, and other reform
constituencies").





n25.  Thomas Frank has defined this consensus as the new "market populism":



   Today ... American opinion leaders seem generally convinced that democracy
and the free market are simply identical ... . What is "new" is this idea's
triumph over all its rivals; the determination of American leaders to extend it
to all the world; the general belief among opinion-makers that there is
something natural, something divine, something inherently democratic about
markets. A better term for the "New Economy" might simply be "consensus."

 Thomas Frank, One Market Under God: Extreme Capitalism, Market Populism, and
the End of Economic Democracy 15 (2000).





n26.  See Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of
1996 (PRWORA), Pub. L. No. 104-193, 110 Stat. 2129, 2137 (codified as amended in
scattered sections of 42 U.S.C.); see also Robert Pear, The Welfare Bill: The
Overview; Clinton to Sign Welfare Bill that Ends U.S. Aid Guarantee and Gives
States Broad Power, N.Y. Times, Aug. 1, 1996, at A1 (describing the welfare
reform provisions eliminating the guarantee of cash assistance to poor children,
giving states authority to run their own welfare to work programs, establishing
a five-year lifetime limit for welfare payments, and instituting strict work
requirements).





n27.  See Kim Forde-Mazrui, The Constitutional Implications of Race-Neutral
Affirmative Action, 88 Geo. L.J. 2331, 2332 (2000) (describing legal and
political challenges to affirmative action programs).





n28.  Federally funded legal services programs, in particular, came under
attack. SeeDouglas J. Besharov, Introduction to Legal Services for the Poor:
Time for Reform xxiii (Douglas J. Besharov ed., 1990) (stating that the Legal
Services Corporation (LSC) budget was cut by a quarter during the Reagan
Administration); Legal Services Survives, Barely, N.Y. Times, May 6, 1996, at
A14 (noting that, in 1996, Congress succeeded in cutting LSC funding by 30% and
placing restrictions on the type of work legal aid lawyers could conduct); Greg
Winter, Legal Firms Cutting Back on Free Services for Poor, N.Y. Times, Aug. 17,
2000, at A1 (stating that, in 1990, as many of the nation's biggest law firms
cut back sharply on pro bono work, there were also cuts in government-sponsored
legal aid programs); see also Linda Greenhouse, $ 100 Million in Legal Services
Funding Is Placed in Doubt by a Supreme Court Ruling, N.Y. Times, June 16, 1998,
at A18 (describing a Supreme Court ruling threatening the use of Interest on
Lawyers Trust Accounts funds to support legal services programs).





n29.  See Joel F. Handler, The Presidential Address, 1992: Postmodernism,
Protest, and the New Social Movements, 26 L. & Soc'y Rev. 697 (1992); see also
William H. Simon, The Dark Secret of Progressive Lawyering: A Comment on Poverty
Law Scholarship in the Post-Modern, Post-Reagan Era, 48 U. Miami L. Rev. 1099,
1111-14 (1994) (arguing that there has been a "strong influence from some
notable post-modern theorists" on the development of poverty law scholarship).





n30.  See Paul More, Patrice Wagonhurst, Jessica Goodheart, David Runsten,
Enrico Marcelli, Pascale Joassart-Marcelli & John Medearis, Los Angeles Alliance
for a New Economy, The Other Los Angeles: The Working Poor in the City of the
21st Century (2000) (finding that, despite the economic recovery during the
1990s, the percentage of the population in Los Angeles that was poor rose from
36% to 43%); see also Mark Arax, Mary Curtius & Soraya Sarhaddi Nelson,
CaliforniaIncome Gap Grows amid Prosperity, L.A. Times, Jan. 9, 2000, at A1
(citing a study by the California Policy Institute finding that the state's
poorest working families bring home 22% less in real dollars than they did in
1969); Babington, supra note 1, at A2 (noting that unemployment rates in some
parts of Appalachia were at least one and one-half times the national average);
Nina Bernstein, Poverty Found to be Rising in Families Considered Safe, N.Y.
Times, Apr. 20, 2000, at B1 (citing analysis of census data that showed that the
overall rate of poverty in New York City among families with children was
32.3%); Kilborn, supra note 1, at A16 (stating that, according to tribe leaders,
unemployment on some Native American reservations was as high as 85%); Jim
Newton, L.A.'s Growing Pay Gap Looms as Political Issue, L.A. Times, Sept. 7,
1999, A1 (stating that one out of every three Los Angeles County children live
below the official poverty line - $ 16,450 a year for a family of four); Purdum,
supra note 1, at A10 (citing an unemployment rate of three times the national
average in Watts, California); Richard W. Stevenson, Fed Says Economy Increased
Net Worth of Most Families, N.Y. Times, Jan. 17, 2000, A1 (citing Federal
Reserve report that showed declining net worth among the poor); Richard W.
Stevenson, In a Time of Plenty, The Poor Are Still Poor, N.Y. Times, Jan. 23,
2000, 4 (Week in Review), at 3 (noting that the 1998 poverty rate was 12.7%,
worse than in 1969, and that income inequality had increased significantly over
the past thirty years); Don Terry, U.S. Child Poverty Rate Fell as Economy Grew,
but Is Above 1979 Level, N.Y. Times, Aug. 11, 2000, at A10 (stating that the
national child poverty rate has risen from 16.2% in 1979 to 18.7% in 1998);
Louis Uchitelle, Devising New Math to Define Poverty, N.Y. Times, Oct. 18, 1999,
at A1 (describing new Census Bureau formula for computing the poverty threshold
that would place 17% of the population below the poverty line); Louis Uchitelle,
Rising Incomes Lift 1.1 Million Out of Poverty, N.Y. Times, Oct. 1, 1999, at A20
(citing Census Bureau study finding that, despite an overall increase in median
household income over the past decade, income inequality has remained virtually
unchanged); Mary Williams Walsh, "New Economy' Deepens the Wealth Divide, L.A.
Times, Apr. 19, 2000, at A1 (noting increased inequality in the New Economy).





n31.  See Randy Stoecker, The Community Development Corporation Model of Urban
Redevelopment: A Political Economy Critique and an Alternative, 19 J. Urb. Aff.
1, 3 (1997); see also Benjamin Marquez, Mexican-American Community Development
Corporations and the Limits of Directed Capitalism, 7 Econ. Dev. Q. 287 (1993).





n32.  See, e.g., Kenneth A. Galdston, Organizing for Power and Democratic
Economic Development in the InterValley Project (1995) (unpublished manuscript
on file with author); see also John Anner, New Visions for the Future, Third
Force, Mar.-Apr. 1997, (special insert, Dollars and Direct Action), at 4.





n33.  See Paul More, Jessica Goodheart, Melanie Meyers, David Runsten & Rachel
Stolier, UCLA Center for Labor Research and Education, School of Public Policy
and Social Research & Los Angeles Alliance for a New Economy, Who Benefits from
Redevelopment in Los Angeles?: An Evaluation of Commercial Redevelopment
Activities in the 1990s v-vi (1999). Analysts have also focused greater
attention on the failure of publicly subsidized CED efforts to meet job creation
goals. See Lee Romney, L.A. Community Bank Actions Criticized, L.A. Times, Feb.
3, 1999, at A1 (noting that the Los Angeles Community Development Bank, despite
making $ 47 million in business loans, had created only 132 jobs for the
residents of poor urban areas, well below the number required by federal
officials); James Sterngold, A Grand Idea That Went Badly Awry, N.Y. Times, Nov.
14, 1999, 3 (Money & Business), at 1 (describing the federally-funded $ 435
million Los Angeles Community Development Bank as a "crushing disappointment");
see also Ted Rohrlich, Riordan's Job Creation Claim Called Exaggerated, L.A.
Times, Nov. 15, 1999, at B1 (citing study indicating that the Los Angeles
mayor's business team helped create significantly fewer jobs than it had
claimed).





n34.  See Louise A. Howells, The Dimensions of Microenterprise: A Critical Look
at Microenterprise as a Tool to Alleviate Poverty, 9 J. Affordable Housing &
Community Dev. L. 161 (2000) (critiquing the reliance on microenterprise
development as a strategy to redress poverty among the welfare-dependent
population); McFarlane, supra note 7, at 299 (citing criticism of "development's
exclusively localized view, which focuses on the specific problems of the
targeted poor or disadvantaged community rather than seeing these problems in
the context of a totality"); Shah, supra note 2, at 220-21 (arguing that CED
lawyering ties community groups to complex legal structures that reinforce
market subordination and reorient community goals).





n35.  See, e.g., Quinones, Redevelopment Redefined, supra note 14; Shah, supra
note 2.





n36.  See Harry Edward Berndt, New Rulers in the Ghetto: The Community
Development Corporation and Urban Poverty 17-20 (1977) (describing
post-emancipation programs, such as the establishment of all-black communities
and the creation of the federal Freedman's Bureau, designed to spur economic
development in black communities).





n37.  See Mtima, supra note 21 (analyzing the economic development approaches of
Booker T. Washington and W.E.B. DuBois and assessing their implications for
contemporary economic empowerment strategies).





n38.  See Cruse, supra note 20, at 175 (stating that "as far back as 1900,
Booker T. Washington counseled the Negro to seek economic self-sufficiency");
Louis R. Harlan, Booker T. Washington and the National Negro Business League,
inBooker T. Washington in Perspective: Essays of Louis R. Harlan 98, 105
(Raymond W. Smock ed., 1988):



   Through a thousand speeches extolling the business career for blacks and
promoting the Business League, Washington seemed to say that blacks should turn
away from the avenues of political action and civil rights agitation which, for
the time being anyhow, were already blocked, and travel up the economic road to
affluence and consequent economic strength.

 Id.; Washington, supra note 21, at 343 (imploring blacks to ""cast down your
buckets where you are' ... in agriculture, mechanics, in commerce, in domestic
service, and in the professions").



   Our greatest danger is that in the great leap from slavery to freedom we may
overlook the fact that the masses of us are to live by the productions of our
hands, and fail to keep in mind that we shall prosper in proportion as we learn
to dignify and glorify common labour and put brains and skill into the common
occupations of life ... .

 Id. For a discussion of the life and philosophy of Washington, see generally
Booker T. Washington and His Critics: The Problem of Negro Leadership (Hugh
Hawkins ed., 1962); Louis R. Harlan, Booker T. Washington: The Making of a Black
Leader 1856-1901 (1972); Samuel R. Spenser, Booker T. Washington and the Negro's
Place in American Life (1985). For a compendium of Washington's thought, see
Booker T. Washington, The Future of the American Negro (1907); Booker T.
Washington, The Negro in Business (4th ed.1907); Booker T. Washington, The Story
of the Negro: The Rise of the Race from Slavery (1909); Booker T. Washington, Up
From Slavery: An Autobiography (1901).





n39.  See Berndt, supra note 36, at 20-22.





n40.  See Mtima, supra note 21, at 395-96.





n41.  See Harlan, supra note 38, at 99-102.





n42.  See id. at 105.





n43.  See, e.g., Cruse, supra note 20, at 175.





n44.  See W.E.B. DuBois, The Talented Tenth, inThe Negro Problem: A Series of
Articles by Representative American Negroes of To-Day (1903), reprinted inThe
Negro American: A Documentary History, supra note 21, at 367-68.





n45.  See Harlan, supra note 38, at 99 (noting that it was DuBois who first
disseminated the idea of a black business league, and that, at the time of the
inception of the National Negro Business League in 1900, Washington was widely
accused of having stolen DuBois' concept).





n46.  See Cruse, supra note 20, at 333; see also Herb Boyd, DuBois and Black
Economic Development, Crisis, Feb. 1992, at 19.





n47.  The idea of economic nationalism has been linked to other concepts related
to the economic and political struggles of African Americans. For instance,
"black capitalism," which focused on providing assistance to individual minority
entrepreneurs and bolstering business development, became prominent in the late
1960s. SeeNational Economic Development and Law Center, A Lawyer's Manual on
Community-Based Economic Development 5-8 (1974) [hereinafter NEDLC, A Lawyer's
Manual]; William Peterman, Neighborhood Planning and Community-Based
Development: The Potential and Limits of Grassroots Action 49 (2000). In
addition, the effort to achieve economic autonomy within black communities was a
component of a broader political ideology of racial liberation that has been
described as "black nationalism." See, e.g., Gary Peller, Frontier of Legal
Thought III: Race Consciousness, 1990 Duke L.J. 758 (1990) (analyzing the
evolution of black nationalism as a philosophical and practical defense of race
consciousness and a critique of liberal integrationist ideology); see also
Robert L. Allen, A Guide to Black Power in America: An Historical Analysis
(1970); Black Nationalism in America (John Bracey, Jr., August Meier & Elliott
Rudwick eds., 1970); Rodney Carlisle, The Roots of Black Nationalism (1975);
Cruse, supra note 20; Harold Cruse, Rebellion or Revolution? (1968); Theodore
Draper, The Rediscovery of Black Nationalism (1970); Wilson Jeremiah Moses, The
Golden Age of Black Nationalism 1850-1925 (1978); Alphonso Pinkney, Red, Black
and Green: Black Nationalism in the United States (1976).





n48.  See Berndt, supra note 36, at 24-25 (discussing Black Star Steamship Line,
Negro Factories Corporation, and other UNIA-sponsored business ventures);
Peller, supra note 47, at 784 n.46. For a discussion of Garvey's broader
influence on the struggle for black equality, see Edmund Cronon, Black Moses:
The Story of Marcus Garvey and the Universal Negro Improvement Association
(1955); Amy J. Garvey, Garvey and Garveyism (1970); The Marcus Garvey and
Universal Negro Improvement Association Papers (Robert A. Hill ed., 1983); Tony
Martin, Race First: The Ideological and Organizational Struggles of Marcus
Garvey and the Negro Improvement Association (1976); Philosophy and Opinions of
Marcus Garvey (Amy J. Garvey ed., 1968); Theodore G. Vincent, Black Power and
the Garvey Movement (1971).





n49.  See, e.g., Manning Marable, Black Leadership xii (1998) (describing Louis
Farrakhan, of the Nation of Islam, as a philosophical disciple of Washington, in
the sense that both "preached the doctrine of black self-help, relying on
resources found within black communities for group development" and that both
"were convinced that African American entrepreneurship and property ownership
held the keys to black economic advancement"); Francis X. Clines, A Day for
Families and Farrakhan in a Capital Gathering, N.Y. Times, Oct. 17, 2000, at A20
(noting that Farrakhan proposed to "create an "economic development bank' primed
by $ 100 contributions from families across the nation").





n50.  See National Urban League, Resources & Programs, Economic Self Sufficiency
(stating that one of the National Urban League's goals is to help adults "attain
economic self-sufficiency through ... entrepreneurship"), at
http://www.nul.org/economic. html (last visited Jan. 7, 2002). A strain of the
nationalist, market-oriented economic development approach has also figured
prominently in efforts by other marginalized communities to aggregate
community-based capital assets, invest in community-controlled institutions, and
promote local business ownership. For example, the Native American struggle for
economic self-determination has recently focused on the regulation of Indian
gaming. See, e.g., Paul H. Brietzke & Teresa L. Kline, The Law and Economics of
Native American Casinos, 78 Neb. L. Rev. 263 (1999); Carole E. Goldberg-Ambrose,
Pursuing Tribal Economic Development at "The Bingo Palace," 29 Ariz. St. L.J. 97
(1997); Jess Green, Economic Development and Gaming, 9 St. Thomas L. Rev. 149
(1996); Eric Henderson, Indian Gaming: Social Consequences, 29 Ariz. St. L.J.
205 (1997); Karen S. McFadden, The Stakes Are Too High to Gamble Away Tribal
Self-Government, Self-Sufficiency, and Economic Development when Amending the
Indian Gaming Regulatory Act, 21 Iowa J. Corp. L. 807 (1996); Rebecca Tsosie,
Negotiating Economic Survival: The Consent Principle and Tribal-State Compacts
Under the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act, 29 Ariz. St. L.J. 25 (1997). For a
general discussion of Native American economic development efforts, see Public
Policy Impacts on American Indian Economic Development: What Can Tribes Do?
Strategies and Institutions in American Indian Economic Development (Stephen
Cornell & Joseph P. Kalt eds., 1992).





n51.  See Suggs, supra note 15, at 490-493.





n52.  See, e.g., McFarlane, supra note 7, at 339 (noting that the "Empowerment
Zones Program's goal is to attract businesses back to the city into places that
are racialized black and classified poor").





n53.  See Aldon D. Morris, The Origins of the Civil Rights Movement: Black
Communities Organizing for Change 282-90 (1984) (describing the development of
"local movement centers" during the civil rights movement and their critical
importance in facilitating mass mobilization to achieve political
enfranchisement); see alsoRhoda Lois Blumberg, Civil Rights: The 1960s Freedom
Struggle (1984); Taylor Branch, Parting the Waters: America in the King Years,
1954-1963 (1988); Thomas R. Brooks, Walls Come Tumbling Down: A History of the
Civil Rights Movement 1940-1970 (1974); David Garrow, Bearing the Cross: Martin
Luther King, Jr., and the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (1986);
Robert Weisbrot, Freedom Bound: A History of America's Civil Rights Movement
(1990).





n54.  See Kotz & Kotz, supra note 23, at 253.





n55.  See Peller, supra note 47, at 833.





n56.  See Kotz & Kotz, supra note 23, at 248; see also Delgado, supra note 23,
at 18 (citing Martin Luther King, Jr.'s statement that it "made no sense to be
able to sit down and order a hamburger if you could not afford one").





n57.  See William E. Forbath, Constitutional Welfare Rights: A History, Critique
and Reconstruction, 69 Fordham L. Rev. 1821, 1843 (2001) (citing Martin Luther
King, Jr., Where Do We Go From Here: Chaos or Community? 163, 193, 199-200
(1967)).





n58.  See Clayborne Carson, In Struggle: SNCC and the Black Awakening of the
1960s 105 (1981) ("The discussions of economics indicated a change in SNCC's
conception of its own work."); Kotz & Kotz, supra note 23, at 166 (outlining the
policy positions set forth by the Congress of Racial Equality (CORE) in 1965,
which included creating jobs for the poor, instituting a minimum wage,
guaranteeing a minimum annual income for the unemployed, and increasing the
availability of affordable housing); see alsoAugust Meier & Elliott Rudwick,
CORE, A Study in the Civil Rights Movement, 1942-1968 (1973); NEDLC, A Lawyer's
Manual, supra note 47, at 3; Howard Zinn, SNCC: The New Abolitionists (Greenwood
Publishing Group 1985) (1964).





n59.  See Quinones, Redevelopment Redefined, supra note 14, at 700-01; see also
Housing Act of 1949, Pub. L. No. 81-171, ch. 338, 104, 63 Stat. 416 (originally
codified at 42 U.S.C. 1454 (1988)), omitted by the Housing and Community
Development Act of 1974, Pub. L. No. 93-383, 116(a), 88 Stat. 633, 652 (current
version as amended at 42 U.S.C. 1441 (2001)); Urban Renewal Act of 1954, Pub. L.
560 ch. 649, 301, 68 Stat. 590, codified at 42 U.S.C. 5301 (1954) (authority to
make grants terminated on Jan. 1, 1975).





n60.  See Lemann, supra note 2; Shah, supra note 2, at 222-26.





n61.  See Economic Opportunity Act of 1964, Pub. L. No. 88-452, 201, 78 Stat.
508 (1964) (repealed 1981); see also McFarlane, supra note 7, at 317-18. For
historical overviews of neighborhood-based CED programs, see Bernard J. Friedan
& Marshall Kaplan, The Politics of Neglect: Urban Aid from Model Cities to
Revenue Sharing (1975); Robert Halpern, Rebuilding the Inner City: A History of
Neighborhood Initiatives to Address Poverty in the United States (1995); Bryan
M. Phifer, E. Frederick List & Boyd Faulkner, History of Community Development
in America, inCommunity Development in America 18 (James A. Christenson & Jerry
W. Robinson, Jr. eds., 1980).





n62.  See Halpern, supra note 61, at 108; McFarlane, supra note 7, at 317-18,
Shah, supra note 2, at 226.





n63.  See Economic Opportunity Act 201, supra note 61.





n64.  See Halpern, supra note 61, at 115-17; Shah, supra note 2, at 229; see
alsoDaniel Moynihan, Maximum Feasible Misunderstanding (1969).





n65.  See Neal R. Peirce & Carol F. Steinbach, Corrective Capitalism: The Rise
of America's Community Development Corporations 20 (1987).





n66.  See Halpern, supra note 61, at 131-37; see also Edward G. Goetz, Shelter
Burden: Local Politics and Progressive Housing Policy 115 (1993) ("In the early
1960s, the CDC was seen as the means by which poor neighborhoods might achieve a
greater measure of political and economic power."); Peterman, supra note 47, at
49 (stating that CDCs were viewed as "tangible ways of focusing activism and
bringing about grassroots development through self-help efforts"); Shah, supra
note 2, at 228 (noting that CDCs began as "bottom-up, neighborhood initiatives,
organizing around an ideology of community empowerment in order to challenge the
power and racism and large urban bureaucracies"); Michael Leo Owens, Political
Action and Black Church-Associated Community Development Corporations (2000)
(Comm-Org: The Online Conference on Community Organizing and Development)
(stating that the CDC was identified "as a nongovernmental institution that
could become a catalyst for urban blacks to achieve greater degrees of political
power, especially over pubic policymaking"), at
http://comm-org.utoledo.edu/papers2000/owens/owens.htm.





n67.  See Stoecker, supra note 31, at 2.





n68.  See Model Cities Act of 1966, Pub. L. 89-754, 101, 80 Stat. 1255 (codified
at 12 U.S.C. 1702 and 42 U.S.C. 1453, 3301 (1966)); see also Lemann, supra note
2, at 6; McFarlane, supra note 7, at 318-19.





n69.  See McFarlane, supra note 7, at 318.





n70.  See Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Pub. L. 93-383, 101, 88
Stat. 633, (codified as 42 U.S.C. 5301 (2001)); see also Quinones, Redevelopment
Redefined, supra note 14, at 703-04; Shah, supra note 2, at 229-30.





n71.  See Peterman, supra note 47, at 50 (stating that the Community Development
Block Grant (CDBG) Program "shifted the focus of neighborhood problem solving
from federal agencies to local municipalities, which in turn frequently sought
not-for-profit community organizations to propose and carry out community
development initiatives").





n72.  See Housing and Community Development Act of 1977, Pub. L. No. 95-128,
119, 91, Stat. 1125 (1977) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5318 (2001)).





n73.  Critics of these federal CED initiatives argue that the movement to block
grant funding represented by CDBGs and Urban Development Action Grants actually
thwarted local control. See Shah, supra note 2, at 229-30 (claiming that CDBG
funding was allocated directly to states and municipalities and that "no longer
was there any attempt to encourage community involvement in decision making").





n74.  See Scott L. Cummings & Ingrid V. Eagly, A Critical Reflection on Law and
Organizing, 48 UCLA L. Rev. 443, 460-65 (2001). For a general discussion of
community organizing, see Peter Bachrach & Morton S. Baratz, Power and Poverty:
Theory and Practice (1970); Neil Betten & Michael J. Austin, The Roots of
Community Organizing 1917-1939 (1990); Douglas P. Biklen, Community Organizing:
Theory and Practice (1983); Kim Bobo, Jackie Kendall & Steve Max,Organizing for
Social Change: A Manual for Activists in the 1990s (2d ed. 1996); Boyte, supra
note 23; Community Organizing (George Brager, Harry Specht & James L. Torczyner
eds., 2d ed. 1987); Robert Fisher, Let the People Decide: Neighborhood
Organizing in America (1994); Ross Gittell & Avis Vidal, Community Organizing:
Building Social Capital as a Development Strategy (1998); Si Kahn, How People
Get Power: Organizing Oppressed Communities for Action (1970); Si Kahn,
Organizing: A Guide for Grassroots Leaders (1982); Clarence King, Organizing for
Community Action (1948); Jacqueline B. Mondros & Scott M. Wilson, Organizing for
Power and Empowerment (1994); The O.M. Collective, The Organizer's Manual
(1971); Organizing for Community Welfare (Mayer N. Zald ed., 1967); Rachelle B.
Warren & Donald I. Warren, The Neighborhood Organizer's Handbook (1977); Dave
Beckwith & Cristina Lopez, Community Organizing: People Power from the
Grassroots (1997) (Comm-Org: The Online Conference on Community Organizing and
Development), at http://comm-org.utoledo.edu/papers97/beckwith.htm; Douglas R.
Hess, Community Organizing, Building and Developing: Their Relationship to
Comprehensive Community Initiatives (1999) (Comm-Org: The Online Conference on
Community Organizing and Development), at
http://comm-org.utoledo.edu/papers99/hess3.htm; Perspectives on Low-Income
Organizing, 12 Organizing: Newsl. on Jobs, Transp. & Welfare Reform Organizing
(Jan. 1999), at http://www.communitychange.org/organizing/Persp12.htm.





n75.  See Delgado, supra note 23, at 21-23. Saul Alinsky's organizing strategy
focused on building neighborhood-based "organizations of organizations" that
brought together labor, churches, and other community organizations. SeeGary
Delgado, Beyond the Politics of Place: New Directions in Community Organization
9 (1997). For a review of Alinksy's life and organizing philosophy, see Saul
Alinsky, Reveille for Radicals (1946); Saul D. Alinsky, Rules for Radicals: A
Practical Primer for Realistic Radicals (1971); Marion K. Sanders, The
Professional Radical: Conversations with Saul Alinsky (1970); see alsoRobert
Bailey, Jr., Radicals in Urban Politics: The Alinsky Approach (1974); Sanford D.
Horwitt, Let Them Call Me Rebel: Saul Alinsky - His Life and Legacy (1989).





n76.  See Boyte, supra note 24, at 224-25; see alsoDelgado, supra note 75, at
10-11. An important application of this new theory of organizing in the workers'
rights context was Cesar Chavez's successful organizing drives among poor,
mostly Mexican, migrant field workers in central California in the mid-1960s.
SeeDelgado, supra note 23, at 22 (describing how Chavez instituted community
unions and created food and gas-buying clubs to build the social cohesion
necessary to later challenge growers on wage, hours, and working conditions
issues); see alsoRodolfo Acu<tild n>a, Occupied America: A History of Chicanos
325-27 (1988); Susan Ferriss & Ricardo Sandoval, The Fight in the Fields: Cesar
Chavez and the Farmworkers Movement (1997); Ronald B. Taylor, Chavez and the
Farm Workers (1975).





n77.  See, e.g., George A. Wiley, Building a New Majority: The Movement for
Economic Justice, Soc. Pol'y, Sept.-Oct. 1973, at 31.





n78.  See Piven & Cloward, supra note 23, at 276; see also Delgado, supra note
23, at 23 (noting that the National Welfare Rights Organization (NWRO)
represented the merging of CORE's civil rights strategies with the community
organizing tactics of Alinsky). See generallyGuida West, The National Welfare
Rights Movement: The Social Protest of Poor Women (1981) (providing a
comprehensive analysis of NWRO).





n79.  See Forbath, supra note 57, at 1848; see also Jonathan Zasloff, Children,
Families, and Bureaucrats: A Prehistory of Welfare Reform, 14 J.L. & Pol. 225,
268-69 (1998).





n80.  See Forbath, supra note 57, at 1849.





n81.  See id. at 1850.





n82.  See Kotz & Kotz, supra note 23, at 182-87; see alsoPiven & Cloward, supra
note 23, at 276 (noting that the overarching goal of the welfare rights movement
was to generate a huge increase in the number of people on relief in order to
ignite a political crisis that "might lead national political leaders to
federalize the relief system and establish a national minimum income standard").





n83.  See Kotz & Kotz, supra note 23, at 190-91 (discussing the first national
welfare rights protests coordinated by Wiley's Poverty/Rights Action Center,
which served as the precursor to NWRO).





n84.  See id. at 192-93.





n85.  See id. at 212-17.





n86.  See Piven & Cloward, supra note 23, at 301.





n87.  See Kotz & Kotz, supra note 23, at 229. NWRO organizers were also
successful at obtaining other benefits at the local level. See id.at 235-36
(describing organizing victories that stopped ghetto stores from selling rotten
food, eliminated a telephone company phone service deposit charge on welfare
recipients, and allowed welfare recipients to obtain credit from local stores).





n88.  See Piven & Cloward, supra note 23, at 294-95





n89.  See Kotz & Kotz, supra note 23, at 248-57.





n90.  See id. at 258-59; see also Lucie E. White, Goldberg v. Kelly on the
Paradox of Lawyering for the Poor, 56 Brook. L. Rev. 861, 870-71 (1990) (noting
that Goldberg v. Kelly was won against the backdrop of the welfare rights
movement).





n91.  See Kotz & Kotz, supra note 23, at 266-78; Zasloff, supra note 79, at
274-75. But seePiven & Cloward, supra note 23, at 345-46 (arguing that NWRO's
role in the defeat of Nixon's Family Assistance Plan was minimal). NWRO's main
objections to the Family Assistance Plan, which would have eliminated Aid to
Families with Dependent Children and established a guaranteed minimum income,
were that it would have imposed a strict work requirement and provided for
inadequate cash benefits. See Zasloff, supra note 79, at 276-77.





n92.  See Bachmann, supra note 23, at 29.





n93.  See Delgado, supra note 23, at 42 (noting that, in response to NWRO's
activities, many states eliminated special grants and instituted flat grants,
which effectively undermined NWRO's central organizing strategy); see alsoPiven
& Cloward, supra note 23, at 305-07.





n94.  See Piven & Cloward, supra note 23, at 309-31 (arguing that NWRO's focus
on building complex organizational structures and privileging lobbying efforts
over local organizing led to a reduction in its membership).





n95. . Kotz & Kotz, supra note 23, at 296; see also Boyte, supra note 24, at 229
("NWRO head George Wiley argued for a new "majority approach' in the aftermath
of the welfare lobby's failure to win passage of guaranteed-income
legislation.").





n96.  See Kotz & Kotz, supra note 23, at 296.





n97.  Bachmann, supra note 23, at 29; see alsoDelgado, supra note 23, at 39, 50;
Kotz & Kotz, supra note 23, at 300.





n98.  See Delgado, supra note 23, at 50-54.





n99.  See id. at 39, 47-48.





n100.  See Boyte, supra note 24, at 230:



   ACORN's community-based chapters, organized around issues, specifically
sought "power for the majority." As the ACORN manual put it, "Behind the
organization's concern with these issues is a basic understanding which says
that all these issues are mere manifestations of a much more fundamental issue:
the distribution of power in this country."

 Id.; see also Bachmann, supra note 23, at 30. Although ACORN's scale
distinguished it during the 1970s and 1980s, there were other organizations
engaged in similar types of organizing work, such as Massachusetts Fair Share
and the Citizens Action League in California.





n101.  See Delgado, supra note 23, at 9.





n102.  See id. at 50-55, 99-100.





n103.  See id. at 92-96.





n104.  See id. at 58; see alsoBoyte, supra note 23, at 96-97 (describing ACORN
campaigns to block "right to work" legislation, organize domestic workers, and
establish food cooperatives).





n105.  See Delgado, supra note 23, at 56.





n106.  See id. at 125-33 (discussing ACORN's "20/80 Plan"). ACORN eventually
developed into the largest community organization in the United States, with
over 50,000 members in twenty-seven states. See id. at xvi.





n107.  See id. at 146-50.





n108.  See id. at 63-76. In particular, the ACORN model sought to build a "mass
community organization" able to develop:



   sufficient organizational power to achieve its individual members' interest
[sic], its local objectives, and in connection with other groups, its state
interests. The organization must be permanent with multi-issued concerns
achieved through multi-tacticed [sic] direct action, with membership
participating in policy, financing and achievement of group goals and community
improvement.

 Id. at 63 (quoting "ACORN Community Organizing Model").





n109.  See Robert Fisher, Community Organizing in the Conservative '80s and
Beyond, Soc. Pol'y, Fall 1994, at 11, 11:



   Begun in 1981, the twelve years of Reagan/Bush presidencies promoted a
neoconservative agenda grounded in right-wing programs, policies, and political
discourse. Responding to the heightened demands of an emerging global economy
and the challenged status of US corporations in it, neoconservatives sought to
cut corporate and government costs. They went after labor unions, government
programs, and claimant movements; they shifted even the limited political
dialogue about human needs completely to corporate needs; they delegitimized the
public sector and public life and pushed people into increasingly private
spheres and private conceptions of the good life.

 Id.; see also Ruth Margaret Buchanan, Context, Continuity, and Difference in
Poverty Law Scholarship, 48 U. Miami L. Rev. 999, 1028 (1994) ("The Reagan
Administration's neoconservative domestic agenda drastically cut programs for
disadvantaged groups, severely constrained the federal government's regulatory
scope, and pursued a right wing "social values' agenda that sought to roll back
many of the preceding decades' gains in civil, women's, environmental, and
consumer rights.").





n110.  See David T. Ellwood, Poor Support: Poverty in the American Family 32
(1988).





n111.  See, e.g., George Gilder, Wealth and Poverty (1981); Charles Murray,
Losing Ground: American Social Policy, 1950-1980 (1984).





n112.  See Buchanan, supra note 109, at 1029.





n113.  See Ellwood, supra note 110, at 41; see alsoTom Joe & Cheryl Rogers, By
the Few for the Few: The Reagan Welfare Legacy (1985); Buchanan, supra note 109,
at 1029; Peter B. Edelman, Toward a Comprehensive Antipoverty Strategy: Getting
Beyond the Silver Bullet, 81 Geo. L.J. 1697, 1721 (1993); David Stoesz, Poor
Policy: The Legacy of the Kerner Commission, 71 N.C. L. Rev. 1675, 1680-81
(1993).





n114.  See Stoesz, supra note 113, at 1681.





n115.  See Edelman, supra note 113, at 1720-21 (noting that policies in the
1980s "widened the gap between rich and poor" in part due to "changes in tax
policy in 1981 [that] enabled the wealthy to keep a far larger portion of their
income").





n116.  See id. at 1721-22.





n117.  See Richard Delgado, Inequality "From the Top": Applying an Ancient
Prohibition to an Emerging Problem of Distributive Justice, 32 UCLA L. Rev. 100,
130 n.204 (1984) (citing several news reports detailing cutbacks in federal
health and education programs).





n118.  See Buchanan, supra note 109, at 1029-31 (discussing Reagan-era attacks
on legal services); Ingrid V. Eagly, Community Education: Creating a New Vision
of Legal Services Practice, 4 Clinical L. Rev. 433, 438-39 (1998) (describing
cutbacks on LSC funding and advocacy restrictions imposed during the 1980s); see
alsoMark Kessler, Legal Services for the Poor 9 (1987); Richard L. Abel, Law
Without Politics: Legal Aid Under Advanced Capitalism, 32 UCLA L. Rev. 474,
547-48 (1985); Samuel Jan Brakel, Legal Services for the Poor in the Reagan
Years, 17 Clearinghouse Rev. 190 (1983); Matthew Diller, Lawyering for Poor
Communities in the Twenty-First Century, 25 Fordham Urb. L.J. 673, 673-74
(1998); Alan W. Houseman, A Short Review of Past Poverty Law Advocacy, 23
Clearinghouse Rev. 1514, 1520-21 (1990); William P. Quigley, The Demise of Law
Reform and the Triumph of Legal Aid: Congress and the Legal Services Corporation
from the 1960's to the 1990's, 17 St. Louis U. Pub. L. Rev. 241, 255-59 (1998).





n119.  See Peirce & Steinbach, supra note 65, at 29 (stating that, under
President Ronald Reagan, the Community Services Administration and the Office of
Neighborhood Development were dismantled, subsidies for low-income housing were
decimated, Urban Development Action Grants shrunk, and the Economic Development
Administration suffered budget cuts); Susan S. Fainstein & Ann Markusen, The
Urban Policy Challenge: Integrating Across Social and Economic Development
Policy, 71 N.C. L. Rev. 1463, 1475 (1993) (noting that funding for the CDBG
Program and the Economic Development Administration decreased under the Reagan
and Bush Administrations); Donald A. Hicks, Revitalizing Our Cities or Restoring
Ties to Them? Redirecting the Debate, 27 U. Mich. J.L. Ref. 813, 835 (1994)
(noting that during the Reagan Administration, the Urban Development Action
Grants were terminated); see also James A. Kushner, Focus on Urban America:
Growth Management and the City, 12 Yale L. & Pol'y Rev. 68, 89 (1994) ("Under
the Reagan and Bush Administrations, central cities experienced dramatic
disinvestment and neglect because of massive cuts in federal infrastructure and
other subsidy programs.").





n120.  See generallyWilliam Julius Wilson, The Truly Disadvantaged (1987);
William Julius Wilson, When Work Disappears: The World of the New Urban Poor
(1996).





n121.  See Pollin & Luce, supra note 6, at 4-5, 30-32 (noting that, under the
Reagan and Bush Administrations, the real wages of nonsupervisory workers
decreased steadily as the value of the minimum wage fell sharply from a high of
over six dollars per hour to a low of under five dollars per hour).





n122.  See id. at 33-35; Robert Pollin, Anatomy of Clintonomics, 3 New Left Rev.
(n.s.) 17, 29 (2000) (showing an unemployment rate of 7.1% under the Reagan and
Bush Administrations).





n123.  See Pollin, supra note 122, at 36.





n124.  See Fisher, supra note 109, at 13:



   As economic support for social services and solving social problems declined
due to opposition at the federal level and shrinking tax bases at the local, and
as political discourse in the nation revolved around free market solutions to
all problems, community organizing efforts moved, often very reluctantly, into
the business of economic development.

 Id.





n125.  See id. at 13-15; see alsoPeirce & Steinbach, supra note 65, at 34
(quoting a CDC director who claimed that the CDCs of the 1980s were less
confrontational than their predecessors, approaching development from a more
technical and less political perspective); Peterman, supra note 47, at 49 ("CDCs
can be thought of as a conservative, market-driven approach to neighborhood
development.").





n126.  See Fisher, supra note 74, at 185:



   The absence of public support ... and the necessity of seeking funds from and
joining in partnerships with private sector leaders all push CDCs away from
politics and an analysis of power. This lack of fiscal and political support has
forced CDCs to accommodate themselves to rather than redirect the course of the
free market.

 Id.; Thomas J. Lenz, Neighborhood Development: Issues and Models, Soc. Pol'y,
Spring 1988, at 25 (stating that many neighborhood development organizations
were motivated by a belief that "government and business can form creative
partnerships to direct funds into the inner city, and citizen groups who know
best what is needed can implement the projects"); Stoecker, supra note 31, at 2
("In the 1980s the number of CDCs expanded to as many as 2,000 as debt-weary
governments at all levels withdrew from the pressing problem of urban
poverty."); Hess, supra note 74 ("During the cutbacks of the 1980s, CDCs
increased their "income-generating activities such as housing management or
construction projects ... [and increased the number of] partnerships with
private sector developers, financial institutions and corporations.'" (quoting
William Rohe, Do Community Development Corporations Live Up to Their Billing? A
Review and Critique of Research Findings, in Shelter and Society: Theory,
Research, and Policy for Nonprofit Housing 184 (C. Theodore Koebel ed., 1998)));
Kristina Smock, Comprehensive Community Initiatives: A New Generation of Urban
Revitalization Strategies (1997) (Comm-Org: The Online Conference on Community
Organizing and Development), at http://comm-org.utoledo.edu/papers97/
smock/cciwebj.htm:



   In the 1980s, the trend toward partnership-based initiatives continued as
organizations responded to increasing federal cutbacks and the privatization of
public services ... . As a result, confrontational tactics by neighborhood
groups became less and less productive ... . This inevitably resulted in a shift
to consensus-based strategies that contrasted dramatically with the political
empowerment tradition of the 1930s, 1960s, and - to some degree - the 1970s.

 Id.





n127.  Roberto Unger offers a general description of neoliberalism:

   fcxf]In its most abstract and universal form, neoliberalism is the program
committed to orthodox macroeconomic stabilization, especially through fiscal
balance, achieved more by containment of public spending than by increases in
the tax take; to liberalization in the form of increasing integration into the
world trading system and its established rules; to privatization, understood
both more narrowly as the withdrawal of government from production and more
generally as the adoption of standard Western private law; and to the deployment
of compensatory social policies ("social-safety nets") designed to counteract
the unequalizing effects of other planks in the orthodox platform.

 Roberto Mangabeira Unger, Democracy Realized: The Progressive Alternative 53
(1998).





n128.  For example, neoliberalism has been described as an effort to "marry
social justice and economic efficiency" not by attempting to "change, reform, or
manage ... markets," but rather by "improving the empowerment of ... citizens to
do better in these markets." Is Globalization Americanization?: Will Hutton and
Anthony Giddens in Conversation, Dissent, Summer 2000, at 60.





n129.  See generally Pollin, supra note 122.





n130.  See Noam Chomsky, Profits Over People: Neoliberalism and Global Order 20
(1999) (stating that the basic rules of neoliberalism are "liberalize trade and
finance, let markets set price ("get prices right'), end inflation
("macroeconomic stability'), privatize"); Anthony Giddens, The Third Way: The
Renewal of Social Democracy 14 (1998) (stating that neoliberals argue that the
"world will get along best if markets are allowed to function with little or no
interference"); George Soros, The Crisis of Global Capitalism: Open Society
Endangered 101 (1998) ("We live in a global economy that is characterized not
only by free trade in goods and services but even more by the free movement of
capital."); Enrique R. Carrasco, Law, Hierarchy, and Vulnerable Groups in Latin
America: Towards a Communal Model of Development in a Neoliberal World, 30 Stan.
J. Int'l L. 221, 249 (1994) (noting that neoliberal "structural adjustment"
programs "share two themes: liberalization of domestic and foreign trade, and
privatization of often large and inefficient public enterprises"); Carlos
Salinas De Gortari & Roberto Mangabeira Unger, The Market Turn Without
Neoliberalism, 16 New Persp. Q. 29, 31 (1999) (stating that, under
neoliberalism, "free trade means that capital, together with goods and services
should be free to roam the world" and that nations must "discipline public
spending and ... raise public-sector saving through budgetary discipline"). For
a discussion of neoliberal development policy, see generally After
Neoliberalism: What Next for Latin America? (Lance Taylor ed., 1999);
Contemporary Economic Theory: Radical Critiques of Neoliberalism (Andriana
Vlachou ed., 1999); Neoliberalism Revisited: Economic Restructuring and Mexico's
Political Future (Gerardo Otero ed., 1996); States or Markets: Neo-Liberalism
and the Development Policy Debate (Christopher Colclough & James Manor eds.,
1991); Henry Veltmeyer, James Petras & Steve Vieux, Neoliberalism and Class
Conflict in Latin America: A Comparative Perspective on the Political Economy of
Structural Adjustment (1997); What Kind of Democracy? What Kind of Market? Latin
America in the Age of Neoliberalism (Philip D. Oxhorn & Graciela Ducatenzeiler
eds., 1998); Rod Burgess, Contemporary Macroeconomic Strategies and Urban
Policies in Developing Countries: A Critical Review, inThe Challenge of
Sustainable Cities: Neoliberalism and Urban Strategies in Developing Countries
(Rod Burgess, Marisa Carmona & Theo Kolstee eds., 1997); Pablo Gonzalez
Casanova, Globalism, Neoliberalism, and Democracy, 23 Soc. Just. 39 (1996);
Keith Faulks, The Rise of Neoliberalism, 262 Contemp. Dev. 185 (1993); Milton
Fisk, Neoliberalism's Crisis, 22 Revision 35 (1999); Ziya Onis, The Limits of
Neoliberalism, 29 J. Econ. Issues 97 (1995); Adam Przeworski, The Neoliberal
Fallacy, inCapitalism, Socialism & Democracy Revisited (Diamond & Plattner eds.,
1993).





n131.  See Joel Handler, Reforming/Deforming Welfare, 4 New Left Rev. (n.s.)
114, 115 (2000); see also Joel F. Handler, The "Third Way" or the Old Way?, 48
Kan. L. Rev. 765 (2000). Specifically, in 1996, Clinton signed the welfare
reform bill, which imposed a five-year lifetime limit on welfare benefits for
adults, as well as the requirement that states must have 50% of their caseload
working at least thirty hours per week by the year 2002. See PRWORA, supra note
26.





n132.  See Pollin, supra note 122, at 26.





n133.  See id. at 26.





n134.  See id.





n135.  See id. at 24 (stating that, as a percent of gross domestic product,
spending has declined in the areas of education (-9.2%), science (-10.1%),
transportation (-11.2%), and income security (-16.0%)).





n136.  See id. at 22 (noting that, under the Tax Relief Act of 1997, the net
effect "has been to cut taxes for the top 60 percent of the population, with the
great bulk of the hand-out going to the top 20 percent").





n137.  See Dan Clawson & Mary Ann Clawson, What Has Happened to the US Labor
Movement? Union Decline and Renewal, 25 Ann. Rev. Soc. 95, 101 (1999) (stating
that globalization hurts unions by putting "core workers" in direct competition
with "semiperipheral labor"); Pollin, supra note 122, at 19 (claiming that free
trade between high and low-wage nations will lead to downward wage pressure in
the high-wage economy).





n138.  For a discussion of welfare reform and the low-wage workforce, see Joel
F. Handler, Low-Wage Work "As We Know It": What's Wrong/What Can Be Done, inHard
Labor, supra note 15, at 3.





n139.  See Pollin, supra note 122, at 29 (citing an unemployment rate of 5.6%).





n140.  See id. at 35-36 (stating that the average wage for nonsupervisory
workers under Clinton fell to $ 12.37 per hour).





n141.  See id. at 36 (citing a poverty rate of 13.8%).





n142.  See id. at 42.





n143.  See Peter Dreier, John Mollenkopf & Todd Swanstrom, Place Matters:
Metropolitics for the Twenty-first Century 13-16 (2001); see also Pollin, supra
note 122, at 35 (stating that wage inequality increased sharply during the
Clinton Administration).





n144.  See Kilborn, supra note 1, at A16 (stating that Clinton was "departing
from the largely discredited conventions of welfare and charity" and "enlisting
the private sector ... [in] trying alternative approaches to aiding the poor").





n145.  See McFarlane, supra note 7, at 297 (characterizing the Empowerment Zones
Program as a geographically-based, business-oriented, self-help initiative
designed to ameliorate urban poverty):



   The Empowerment Zones strategy consciously and purposefully adopted an
economic development, free market approach to community development. Thus, the
enterprise-zone component of the program and its laissez-faire,
anti-governmental regulatory emphasis significantly distinguishes the
Empowerment Zones Program from the Model Cities Program. While the
enterprise-zone concept can be traced to earlier international development
efforts, the emphasis had become completely devoid of any social justice or
welfare concerns.

 Id. at 319. Although adopted by Clinton, the Empowerment Zone Program was
previously championed by Republican Jack Kemp during his tenure as Secretary of
Housing and Urban Development (HUD) under President George Bush. See Lemann,
supra note 2, at 6.





n146.  See McFarlane, supra note 7, at 313; see also Wilton Hyman, Empowerment
Zones, Enterprise Communities, Black Business, and Unemployment, 53 Wash. U. J.
Urb. & Contemp. L. 143 (1998). The Empowerment Zones Program was enacted in the
Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993, Pub. L. 103-66, 13301(a), 107 Stat.
543-554, amended by Taxpayer Relief Act of 1997, Pub. L. No. 105-34, 951-952,
111 Stat. 788, 885 (codified at I.R.C. 1391-1397D (2001)).





n147.  The Community Renewal Tax Relief Act of 2000, signed into law on December
21, 2000, created the Renewal Communities Program, expanded the Empowerment
Zones and Low-Income Housing Tax Credit (LIHTC), and initiated the New Markets
Tax Credit and Venture Capital Program. SeeBrad Caftel, National Economic
Development and Law Center, Community Renewal Tax Relief Act of 2000, at 1 (on
file with author).





n148.  The New Markets Tax Credit will provide tax breaks designed to spur $ 15
billion in investment in low-income neighborhoods. See I.R.C. 45D (2001); United
States Department of the Treasury, New Markets,at
http://www.cdfifund.gov/programs/ newmarkets/index.html (last visited Jan. 7,
2002); see also Robert Pear, Congress Finishes Its Work By Adopting Spending
Bill, N.Y. Times, Dec. 16, 2000, at A1; Center for Community Change, Policy
Alert 216 (Dec. 20, 2000), at http://www.communitychange.org/alerts/alert216.asp
(last visited Jan. 12, 2002) (describing inclusion of New Markets Tax Credit in
FY 2001 Omnibus Appropriations Package).





n149.  See, e.g., Postmodernism & Social Theory (Steven Seidman & David G.
Wagner eds., 1992); see alsoFredric Jameson, Postmodernism, or, The Cultural
Logic of Late Capitalism (1991); Postmodernism and Its Discontents (E. Ann
Kaplan ed., 1988); Pauline Marie Rosenau, Post-Modernism and the Social Sciences
(1992).





n150.  See Gary Minda, Postmodern Legal Movements 224-46 (1995); Boaventura de
Sousa Santos, The Postmodern Transition: Law and Politics, inThe Fate of Law 79
(Austin Sarat & Thomas Kearns eds., 1991).





n151.  For instance, some have argued that the roots of postmodernism can be
found in critical theory. See Steven Best & Douglas Kellner, Postmodern Theory:
Critical Interrogations 215 (1991). Critical theory is most closely associated
with the work of the Frankfurt School, which was founded in the 1940s by
intellectual figures such as Max Horkheimer, Theodor Adorno, Herbert Marcuse,
Friedrich Pollock, Franz Neumann, Leo Lowenthal, and Erich Fromm. See Craig
Calhoun, Critical Social Theory: Culture, History, and the Challenge of
Difference 13-14 (1995). Critical theory sought to transgress the traditional
theory-practice dichotomy and posited a decidedly politicized role for
theoretical endeavors, one that grounded critique in concrete historical facts
and sought to expose the problems inherent in universal categories of thought.
Through this "immanent critique," the critical theorists worked to expose the
historically and culturally specific contradictions of capitalist modernity and
Enlightenment thought in order to "radicalize" existing categories and provide
the basis for transformative social action. See id. at 13-26; see alsoMax
Horkheimer & Theodor W. Adorno, Dialectic of Enlightenment (John Cumming trans.,
Continuing Pub. Co. 1972) (1944). Steven Best and Douglas Kellner have argued
that postmodern thought was presaged by the focus of critical theorists on
critiquing Enlightenment theoretical categories, challenging the concept of
foundationalism, and vindicating difference and otherness. SeeBest & Kellner,
supra, at 215-55.





n152.  See DavidHarvey, The Condition of Postmodernity: An Enquiry into the
Origins of Cultural Change 113-18 (1989).





n153.  See Minda, supra note 150, at 228-29.





n154.  See Jacques Derrida, Of Grammatology (Gayatri Chakravorty Spivak trans.,
1976) (1967); see alsoMinda, supra note 150, at 225 (stating that "postmoderns
claim that there is no logical correspondence between language and the
"objective' world because "language is socially and culturally constructed, it
is [thus] inherently incapable of representing or corresponding to reality'")
(alteration in original).





n155.  Derrida's rejection of a foundationalist approach to language and
knowledge is associated with poststructuralism. SeeBest & Kellner, supra note
151, at 20-25; see alsoMinda, supra note 150, at 334-35 n.37 (defining
"poststructuralism" as a "postmodern perspective (although some postmoderns
would disagree) which rejects the belief in stable structures, origins, or
foundational essences for grasping the true nature of things"). The pragmatist
philosopher Richard Rorty has also been identified with the antifoundationalist
position. SeeRichard Rorty, Philosophy and the Mirror of Nature 178 (1979); see
also Richard Rorty, Contingency, Irony, and Solidarity (1989).





n156.  SeeBest & Kellner, supra note 151, at 21; Handler, supra note 29, at 699.





n157.  See Charles Lemert, General Social Theory, Irony, Postmodernism, in
Postmodernism and Social Theory, at 37-41; Minda, supra note 150, at 231.





n158.  SeeBest & Kellner, supra note 151, at 38.





n159.  See id. For example, Michel Foucault engaged in a historical examination
of different types of "knowledges," analyzing the "archeology" of such
discursive concepts as madness, seeMichel Foucault, Madness and Civilization: A
History of Insanity in the Age of Reason (Richard Howard trans., 1965) (1961),
and science, seeMichel Foucault, The Order of Things: An Archaeology of the
Human Sciences (Alan Sheridan-Smith trans., 1970) (1966), in order to
demonstrate that human subjects were the product of intersecting narrative
structures, not autonomous individuals. SeeBest & Kellner, supra note 151, at
41-42. Foucault also employed a genealogical approach to show how narratives
operated to constrain individual identity - by, for example, "disciplining"
bodies into adopting socially acceptable values such as hard work and
self-sacrifice, seeMichelFoucault, Discipline and Punish: The Birth of the
Prison (Alan Sheridan trans., 1977) (1975), while also stigmatizing certain
types of sexual conduct in order to control "deviant" behavior, seeMichel
Foucault, The History of Sexuality, Volume I: An Introduction (Robert Hurley
trans., 1978) (1976).





n160.  See Best & Kellner, supra note 151, at 49-51. See generallyMichel
Foucault, Power (James D. Faubion ed., Robert Hurley et al. trans., 2000).





n161.  See Michel Foucault, Power/Knowledge: Selected Interviews and Other
Writings 1972-1977, at 98 (Colin Gordon ed., Colin Gordon, Leo Marshall, John
Mephan & Kate Soper trans., 1980):



   Power, if we do not take too distant a view of it, is not that which makes
the difference between those who exclusively possess and retain it, and those
who do not have it and submit to it. Power must be analysed as something which
circulates, or rather as something which only functions in the form of a chain.
It is never localised here or there, never in anybody's hands, never
appropriated as a commodity or piece of wealth. Power is employed and exercised
through a net-like organisation. And not only do individuals circulate between
its threads; they are always in the position of simultaneously undergoing and
exercising this power.

 Id.; see also Steven L. Winter, Cursing the Darkness, 48 U. Miami L. Rev. 1115,
1127 (1994) (stating that "perhaps Foucault's most important contribution was
his rejection of the repressive understanding of power in favor of a productive
conception of power").





n162.  See StevenBest & Douglas Kellner, The Postmodern Turn 275 (1997) (stating
that the concept of power as theorized by Foucault "allowed for new forms of
struggle").





n163.  See Handler, supra note 29, at 700.





n164.  See Best & Kellner, supra note 162, at 271 (stating that postmodernism
signaled a shift from an "emphasis on transforming the public sphere and
institutions of domination ... to new emphases on culture, personal identity,
and everyday life, as macropolitics were replaced by the micropolitics of local
transformation and subjectivity"); Carl Boggs, The End of Politics 209 (2000)
(stating that in its most extreme form, "postmodernism has refocused attention,
away from the macro realm (the global system, or the national state, or
economy), toward a "micro politics' grounded in the immediate, local, and more
tangible elements of everyday life"); Handler, supra note 29, at 700-02; see
alsoUniversal Abandon? The Politics of Postmodernism (Andrew Ross ed., 1988).





n165.  See Handler, supra note 29, at 701.





n166.  See Best & Kellner, supra note 151, at 54-68; see also Handler, supra
note 29, at 700. But seeRichard J. Bernstein, The New Constellation: The
Ethical-Political Horizons of Modernity/Postmodernity 142-66 (1993) (discussing
some of the limitations of Foucault's work as a foundation for progressive
political action).





n167.  See Foucault, The History of Sexuality,supra note 159, at 101; see
alsoBest & Kellner, supra note 151, at 58 (stating that Foucault's concept of
"bio-struggle" views individuals as attempting "to break from the grip of
disciplinary powers and to reinvent the body by creating new modes of desire and
pleasure"); Best & Kellner, supra note 162, at 272. Along these lines, Gilles
Deleuze and Felix Guattari argued for a "politics of desire" through which
individuals took personal actions to liberate themselves from a repressive
sexuality that reinforced passivity and perpetuated political oppression.
SeeBest & Kellner, supra note 151, at 94. But seeid.at 95, 105 (noting that
Deleuze and Guattari also understood the dialectic relationship between
micropolitical struggle and macropolitical action geared toward challenging
government and economic institutions). See generallyGilles Deleuze & Felix
Guattari, Anti-Oedipus (Robert Hurley, Helen R. Lane & Mark Seem trans., 1977)
(1983).





n168.  See Best & Kellner, supra note 162, at 276 (stating that there has been a
movement "from a macropolitics that focused on changing the structure of the
economy and state to a micropolitics that aims to overturn power and hierarchy
in specific institutions and to liberate emotional, libidinal, and creative
energies repressed by the reality principle of bourgeois society").





n169.  See Ascanio Piomelli, Appreciating Collaborative Lawyering, 6 Clinical L.
Rev. 427, 440 (2000) (stating that the "most significant common theme" of the
new poverty law scholarship "is its commitment to more active client
participation in the framing and resolution of disputes" and noting that poverty
law scholars have emphasized the importance of "active collaboration between
attorneys and clients").





n170.  Anthony V. Alfieri, The Antimonies of Poverty Law and a Theory of
Dialogic Empowerment, 16 N.Y.U. Rev. L. & Soc. Change 659, 692 (1987/1988).





n171.  See, e.g., Matthew Diller, Poverty Lawyering in the Golden Age, 93 Mich.
L. Rev. 1401, 1424-25 (1995) (reviewing Martha Davis, Brutal Need: Lawyers and
the Welfare Rights Movement (1993), and noting the shift away from the
lawyer-dominated "test-case" model and toward poverty law advocacy more narrowly
focused on local grassroots efforts).





n172.  See, e.g., Anthony V. Alfieri, Reconstructive Poverty Law Practice:
Learning Lessons of Client Narrative, 100 Yale L.J. 2107, 2133 (1991) (calling
for a reconstructive poverty law practice in which the lawyer seeks to empower
clients by integrating their narratives into lawyer storytelling); Simon, supra
note 29, at 1102 ("The prescribed goal of the new scholarship is "empowerment'
or enhancing the autonomy of the client. This means, first, minimizing the
lawyer's own power or the social power the lawyer would otherwise tend to
implement. Second, it means enlarging the client's capacities for
self-assertion."); Paul R. Tremblay, Rebellious Lawyering, Regnant Lawyering,
and Street-Level Bureaucracy, 43 Hastings L.J. 947, 951 (1992) (stating that
rebellious lawyering is "lawyering that seeks to empower subordinated clients").





n173.  It is important to note that, from the earliest works on poverty law, it
was clear that progressive legal scholars did not seek to promote client
empowerment merely as an end in itself. Instead, scholars have sought to use
client-empowering strategies to achieve the ultimate goal of social
transformation. See Buchanan, supra note 109, at 1047 ("The unstated but
underlying premise of the new scholarship is that the transformation of poverty
lawyering, and specifically the relationship between lawyers and clients, will
serve as the political basis for larger social transformations."). Yet the
influence of postmodernism has indeed shifted the focal point of the discussion
of social change away from sweeping narratives of structural transformation
toward stories of localized struggles. See Cummings & Eagly, supra note 74, at
484-86; see also Gary L. Blasi, What's a Theory For? Notes on Reconstructing
Poverty Law Scholarship, 48 U. Miami L. Rev. 1063, 1087 (1994) ("The critical
postmodern scholarship too narrowly focuses on the individual lawyer/client
microworld. It disclaims any ambition to look for structure or explanation above
the level of local narrative."); Simon, supra note 29, at 1102 (arguing that the
postmodern framework equates political struggle with the achievement of
"micro-victories over oppression").





n174.  See Buchanan, supra note 109, at 1054 (discussing the "network theory of
power"); Naomi R. Cahn, Inconsistent Stories, 81 Geo. L.J. 2475, 2507 (1993)
(stating that, in postmodern theory, "discourse is the way of asserting meaning,
of creating the world and all things and objects within the world"); Binny
Miller, Give Them Back Their Lives: Recognizing Client Narrative in Case Theory,
93 Mich. L. Rev. 485, 515 (1994) (describing the use of narratives in critical
lawyering theory); Piomelli, supra note 169, at 440 ("[Gerald Lopez, Lucie
White, and Anthony Alfieri] conceive of power as a shifting dynamic acted out in
relationships. Because relationships, by definition, entail some degree of
interdependence, "subordinates' always have some ability at least tacitly to
negotiate or modify the directives of their "superiors.'"); Louise G.
Trubek,Lawyering for Poor People: Revisionist Scholarship and Practice, 48 U.
Miami L. Rev. 983, 987-88 (1994) (arguing that the new poverty law scholarship
emphasizes the role of speech in the lawyer-client relationship); Lucie E.
White, Seeking "... the Faces of Otherness ...": A Response to Professors Sarat,
Felstiner, and Cahn, 77 Cornell L. Rev. 1499, 1501 (1992) ("According to
[Foucault's] new meta-theory, power is not a tool. Rather, like an evanescent
fluid, it takes unpredictable shapes as it flows into the most subtle spaces in
our interpersonal world. In this picture, we no longer see distinct "persons'
controlling power's flow.").





n175.  See Alfieri, supra note 170, at 692 (describing how lawyers control the
"production of discourse" which excludes the client's voice); Anthony V.
Alfieri, Disabled Clients, Disabling Lawyers, 43 Hastings L.J.769, 784 (1992)
(stating that the discursive practices of disability law construct clients as
victims); Christopher P. Gilkerson, Poverty Law Narratives: The Critical
Practice and Theory of Receiving and Translating Client Stories, 43 Hastings
L.J. 861, 869-73 (1992) (discussing how "universalized legal narratives" close
off dialogue in a way that excludes alternative voices and perspectives and
silences the stories of disempowered clients); Simon, supra note 29, at 1101
(stating that the new poverty law scholarship "portrays power and oppression as
pervasive and diffuse in the professional interaction" and that professional
practices "conspire to "silence' the poor client"); Lucie E. White,
Subordination, Rhetorical Survival Skills, and Sunday Shoes: Notes on the
Hearing of Mrs. G., 38 Buff. L. Rev. 1, 6-19 (1990) (discussing how patriarchal
and racist narratives have been incorporated into law in ways that operate to
devalue the speech of women of color); see also Barbara Bezdek, Silence in the
Court: Participation and Subordination of Poor Tenants' Voices in the Legal
Process, 20 Hofstra L. Rev. 533, 536 (1992).





n176.  See, e.g., Alfieri, supra note 172, at 2127; see also Gilkerson, supra
note 175, at 883.





n177.  See Alfieri, supra note 172, at 2123-30.





n178.  See White, supra note 90, at 861 ("Because advocacy is a practice of
speaking for - of presuming and thereby prescribing the silence of the other -
the advocate, no matter how "rebellious' she aspires to be, inevitably replays
the drama of subordination in her own work."); Lucie E. White, Mobilization on
the Margins of the Lawsuit: Making Space for Clients to Speak, 16 N.Y.U. Rev. L.
& Soc. Change 535, 542-44 (1987/1988) (stating that "the professional culture of
legal training and practice leads advocates to compound the isolation and
dependency that clients already feel").





n179.  See Gilkerson, supra note 175, at 911-14 (discussing the "traditional
practice" of lawyers squeezing client narratives into pre-packaged legal
stories); see also Richard D. Marsico, Working for Social Change and Preserving
Client Autonomy: Is There a Role for "Facilitative" Lawyering?, 1 Clinical L.
Rev. 639, 646 (1995) (describing the "paradox of social change lawyering," in
which lawyers risk subordinating clients by forcing them to rely on the lawyers'
expertise in a way that reproduces client dependency).





n180.  See, e.g., Alfieri, supra note 170, at 665 (stating that "empowering the
poor should be the political object of poverty law").





n181.  See, e.g., Clark D. Cunningham, The Lawyer as Translator, Representation
as Text: Towards an Ethnography of Legal Discourse, 77 Cornell L. Rev. 1298
(1992); Gilkerson, supra note 175, at 915; Alex J. Hurder, Negotiating the
Lawyer-Client Relationship: A Search for Equality and Collaboration, 44 Buff. L.
Rev. 71, 79 (1996); Miller, supra note 174, at 488; see also Linda S. Durston &
Linda G. Mills, Toward a New Dynamic in Poverty Client Empowerment: The
Rhetoric, Politics, and Therapeutics of Opening Statements in Social Security
Disability Hearings, 8 Yale J.L. & Feminism 119 (1996); Michelle S. Jacobs,
People from the Footnotes: The Missing Element in Client-Centered Counseling, 27
Golden Gate U. L. Rev. 345 (1997).





n182.  See Alfieri, supra note 170, at 682.





n183.  See id. at 695-711. Particularly, Alfieri stressed the need for a
"transformational dialogue" between the lawyer and client, among clients
themselves, and between clients and their communities, id. at 698-711, in order
to mobilize "independent, locally-based client/community empowerment groups,"
id. at 706.





n184.  See Gerald P. Lopez, Rebellious Lawyering: One Chicano's Vision of
Progressive Law Practice 30-38 (1992).





n185.  See id. at 41 ("Power necessarily runs in all directions within
relationships. No person, no group is ever absolutely powerless in any
relationship, not battered women and not low-income people of color ... .").





n186.  See id. at 47-53 (arguing that lawyers and clients each possess important
problem-solving skills and practical knowledge that must be used in
collaboration to address poverty issues).





n187.  See id. at 70 (stating that rebellious lawyering aims to educate "people
subordinated by political and social life [so that they] can learn to recognize
and value and extend their own problem-solving know-how, [and therefore] gain
confidence in their ability to handle situations that they would otherwise
experience as utterly foreign and unmanageable"). The rebellious idea of
lawyering emphasizes teaching client self-help and facilitating client
empowerment as the touchstones of effective poverty law practice. See id. at
74-82; see also Angelo N. Ancheta, Community Lawyering, 1 Asian L.J. 189 (1994)
(reviewing Lopez, supra note 184); Richard F. Klawiter, La Tierra Es Nuestra!
The Campesino Struggle in El Salvador and a Vision of Community-Based Lawyering,
42 Stan. L. Rev. 1625 (1990).





n188.  See White, supra note 90, at 862; see also Lois H. Johnson, The New
Public Interest Law: From Old Theories to a New Agenda, 1 B.U. Pub. Int. L.J.
169, 184-85 (1991) (describing the role of the lawyer envisioned by White as
"facilitating individual and community empowerment by adopting the role of
listener, organizer and helper").





n189.  See Lucie E. White, To Learn and Teach: Lessons from Driefontein on
Lawyering and Power, 1988 Wis. L. Rev. 699, 760-66 (1988) [hereinafter White, To
Learn and Teach]; see also Lucie E. White, Collaborative Lawyering in the Field?
On Mapping the Paths from Rhetoric to Practice, 1 Clinical L. Rev. 157, 157
(1994) (stating that "third[-]dimensional" lawyering "seeks to enable poor
people to see themselves and their social situation in ways that enhance their
world-changing powers"). Third-dimensional lawyering, according to White,
requires that lawyers and clients engage in an ongoing educational dialogue in
which the clients are encouraged to reflect upon their lives, collectively
design actions to respond to their problems, and then continue to reflect upon
their changed conditions. See White, To Learn and Teach, supra, at 761.





n190.  White, supra note 178, at 546; see also id.at 550-54 (advocating that
lawyers use such devices as "speak-outs" and street theater to elicit client
dialogue); White, supra note 90, at 887 (suggesting that "we might look around
us for spaces where poor people can talk among themselves about what they want
to do").





n191.  See White, To Learn and Teach, supra note 189, at 763 (stating that
progressive lawyers must work with subordinated groups so that they "learn how
to design context-specific acts of public resistance, which work, not by
overpowering the oppressor, but by revealing the wrongness and vulnerability of
its positions to itself and to a wider public"). For White, this conception of
client empowerment was directly based on Foucault's notion of power.



   Foucault's picture of power disrupts ... [the] closed circle of domination.
By showing that the dominators do not "possess" power, his picture makes
possible a politics of resistance. It opens up space for a self-directed,
democratic politics among subordinated groups, a politics that is neither
vanguard-driven nor co-opted, as the politics of the colonized subject
inevitably is ... . The Foucaultian picture of power makes insurgent politics
interesting again; it brings possibility back into focus, even in apparently
quiescent times when resistance is visible only in the microdynamics of everyday
life.

 White, supra note 174, at 1504.





n192.  See White, supra note 175, at 31. According to White, the significance of
Mrs. G's act laid in the fact that:



   she claimed a position of equality in the speech community - an equal power
to take part in the making of language, the making of shared categories, norms,
and institutions - as she spoke through that language about her needs ... .
Although dominant groups may control social institutions that regulate these
languages, those groups cannot control the capacity of subordinated peoples to
speak. Thus, women have evaded complete domination through their practice of
speaking, like Mrs. G. spoke at her hearing, from their own institutions and
their own experience.

 Id. at 50.





n193.  Of course, CED also embraces goals that extend beyond the narrow one of
expanding businesses in low-income neighborhoods. Five "widely shared
objectives" of "community-based economic development" include:



   (1) the development of business and economic institutions which increase the
income of community residents; (2) provisions of more and better employment
opportunities both inside and outside the community; (3) participation in the
ownership and management of such firms and institutions by the residents of
communities in which they are located; (4) the development of more skilled human
and technical resources than are presently available in such communities; and
(5) the development of economic, social, and political institutions which the
community residents can view with pride and which will be responsive to their
collective wishes.

 NEDLC, A Lawyer's Manual, supra note 47, at 8; see also Elena Popp & Francisca
Gonzalez Baxa, Creating Viable Neighborhood Community Economies, 33
Clearinghouse Rev. 668, 669 (2000) (providing a similar list of core principles
of CED strategy).





n194.  See Stoecker, supra note 31, at 4 ("The CDC model is [characterized by]
an acceptance of supply-side economic models and free market philosophy.").





n195.  See Owens, supra note 66 (stating that "nationally, approximately 1,872
urban CDCs exist," and that "as of 1997, urban CDCs have built or renovated
435,000 units of housing, both rental and owner-occupied; they have developed
approximately 48 million square feet of commercial and industrial space; and
they have created 113,000 jobs").





n196.  See McFarlane, supra note 7, at 307-08 (stating that the goal of CED is
to "convert the target neighborhoods into full-service communities that meet
both housing needs and commercial needs").





n197.  See NEDLC, A Lawyer's Manual,supra note 47, at 24 ("The CDC's prime goal
is to alleviate poverty by creating a sound economic and social base for the
low-income community. As the means of securing this goal, the CDC is necessarily
involved in a program of community business development."); Schill, supra note
14, at 768. In addition to business development, CDCs engage in a range of other
activities. See generallyTwentieth Century Fund Task Force on Community
Development Corporations, CDCs: New Hope for the Inner City (1971); Avis C.
Vidal, Rebuilding Communities: A National Study of Community Development
Corporations (1992).





n198.  See Neal R. Peirce & Carol F. Steinbach, Enterprising Communities:
Community-Based Development in America, 1990, at 18 (1990); Schill, supra note
14, at 769-71.





n199.  See Schill, supra note 14, at 769-71 (describing the funding sources for
a variety of different community development initiatives).





n200.  See, e.g., Jones, A Legal Guide to Microenterprise Development, supra
note 15; see also Stephen Gregory, Incubator Focuses on Low-Income Areas, L.A.
Times, July 19, 2000, at C7 (describing small business incubator established by
CHARO Community Development Corporation in Los Angeles); Hugo Martin, A Haven
for Vendors, L.A. Times, Nov. 22, 1999, at B1 (describing the construction of
Mercado La Paloma, an indoor bazaar developed by the Esperanza Community Housing
Corporation, where Latino vendors can rent stalls to operate their small
businesses).





n201.  See The Roberts Foundation, New Social Entrepreneurs: The Success,
Challenge and Lessons of Non-Profit Enterprise Creation (Jed Emerson & Fay
Twersky eds., 1996); Jed Emerson, Moving Toward the Market: Nonprofit Enterprise
in a Changing World, 89 Shelterforce Online, Sept.-Oct. 1996, at
http://www.nhi.org/ online/issues/89/towardsmarket.html; see alsoThe Rockefeller
Foundation,A Double "Bottom Line': Lessons on Social-Purpose Enterprise from the
Venture Fund Initiative (1999), available at
http://www.rockfound.org/Documents/199/vfi.pdf; Colin Crawford, Networks Link
Entrepreneurs and Nonprofits, Wall St. J., Mar. 29, 2000, at CA1.





n202.  See The Roberts Foundation,New Social Entrepreneurs, supra note 201, at
323-30 (reviewing tax and other legal issues that arise in the context of
nonprofit business ventures); Glick & Rossman, supra note 14, at 119-21
(outlining scope of CED lawyer's representation of CDCs); Jones, Small Business
and Community Economic Development, supra note 15, at 209-10 (describing legal
needs of microentrepreneurs); Southworth, supra note 14, at 1134-41 (providing
an overview of the range of legal services performed by attorneys representing
community organizations and minority entrepreneurs).





n203.  See Tax Reform Act of 1986, Pub. L. No. 99-514, 100 Stat. 2085. The LIHTC
was granted permanency under the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993, Pub.
L. No. 103-66, 107 Stat. 312.





n204.  See Tracy A. Kaye, Sheltering Social Policy in the Tax Code: The
Low-Income Housing Credit, 38 Vill. L. Rev. 871, 877 (1993).





n205.  See Cohen, supra note 16, at 537.





n206.  See Charles J. Orlebeke, The Evolution of Low-Income Housing Policy,
1949-1999, 11 Housing Pol'y Debate 489, 511 (2000).





n207.  See I.R.C. 42(g) (2001). To qualify for tax credits, "properties must
rent at least 20 percent of their units to households earning 50 percent of the
area median income or less, or at least 40 percent of their units to households
earning less than 60 percent of median income." Orlebeke, supra note 206, at
511. The development of such projects is typically done through the creation of
a limited partnership - frequently with a nonprofit general partner - which
allocates the credits to the limited partner investor in exchange for its
capital contribution. See Kaye, supra note 204, at 886. However, in many states,
limited liability companies are replacing limited partnerships as the structural
vehicle of choice for tax credit syndications.





n208.  See Cohen, supra note 16, at 550 (stating that "to date, 842,438 units
have been constructed or rehabilitated using low-income housing tax credits
nationwide"); Orlebeke, supra note 206, at 512 (citing different production
estimates ranging from 550,000 to 600,000 units during the first ten years of
the LIHTC to 1,000,000 units through 1998).





n209.  See Cohen, supra note 16, at 550 (stating that the current data on LIHTC
production "calls into question the cost-effectiveness" of the program);
Orlebeke, supra note 206, at 513-14 (noting that critics of the program have
pointed to the high transaction costs created by its complexity and the high
returns to tax credit investors); see also Janet Stearns, The Low-Income Housing
Tax Credit: A Poor Solution to the Housing Crisis, 6 Yale L. & Pol'y Rev. 203
(1988).





n210.  For an overview of the legal issues presented by LIHTC deals, see Lance
Bocarsly, Eugene Cowan & Eva Garrett, An Overview of the Low-Income Housing Tax
Credit Program, inthe Cutting Edge of Affordable housing Solutions and Community
Development Initiatives (2000) (on file with author) (A.B.A. Forum on Affordable
Housing and Community Development Law, 9th Annual Conference on Affordable
Housing and Community Development Law).





n211.  See Heisen, supra note 17, at 343.





n212.  The Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) reflects another effort to harness
market forces to redevelop low-income neighborhoods, see Nellie R. Santiago,
Thomas T. Holyoke & Ross D. Levi, Turning David and Goliath into the Odd Couple:
How the New Community Reinvestment Act Promotes Community Development Financial
Institutions, 6 J.L. & Pol'y 571, 573 (1998), although its enforcement scheme
contemplates community organizing and political pressure as integral to making
recalcitrant banks comply with the statute's community lending goals. See
generally 12 U.S.C. 2901-2907 (2001). The CRA and Community Development
Financial Institutions (CDFI) programs may be complementary; some commentators
have suggested that mainstream financial institutions can gain CRA credit by
investing in CDFIs. See Santiago et al., supra, at 611-12. For a discussion of
the CRA, see also E. L. Baldinucci, The Community Reinvestment Act: New
Standards Provide New Hope, 23 Fordham Urb. L.J. 831 (1996); Richard D. Marsico,
A Guide to Enforcing the Community Reinvestment Act, 20 Fordham Urb. L.J. 165
(1993); Richard D. Marsico, The New Community Reinvestment Act Regulations: An
Attempt to Implement Performance-Based Standards, 30 Clearinghouse Rev. 1021
(1996); Gary Swidler, Making the Community Reinvestment Act Work, 69 N.Y.U. L.
Rev. 387 (1994).





n213.  See Community Development Financial Institutions Act of 1994, Pub. L. No.
103-325, 101-121, 108 Stat. 2160 (codified at 12 U.S.C. 4701-4718 (2001)).





n214.  See Heisen, supra note 17, at 342-45; Santiago et al., supra note 212, at
595-98.





n215.  See Heisen, supra note 17, at 344-48.





n216.  See id. at 348-53; Santiago et al., supra note 212, at 602-09.





n217.  See Heisen, supra note 17, at 346.





n218.  See id. at 348-53; see also Lento, supra note 17, at 776-83.





n219.  See Heisen, supra note 17, at 350 (describing the job training program of
South Shore Bank's affiliate); Lento, supra note 17, at 780 (noting that
community development bank affiliates may engage in homeownership and leadership
training programs).





n220.  See Smock, supra note 126 (stating that the "combined realities of
limited resources and multi-dimensional urban problems mean that local targeting
may be the only way to achieve even minimal success").





n221.  See Stoecker, supra note 31 ("The bottom-up approach is supposed to help
the community determine how to conduct redevelopment and produce more homes and
businesses owned by community members."); see alsoWilliam W. Biddle & Loureide
J. Biddle, The Community Development Process: The Rediscovery of Local
Initiative (1965); David P. Ross & Peter J. Usher, From the Roots Up: Economic
Development as if Community Mattered (1986).





n222.  See McFarlane, supra note 7, at 307.





n223.  See Edward J. Blakely, Planning Local Economic Development: Theory and
Practice 58 (1989) (characterizing CED as a "process by which local government
and/or community-based groups manage their existing resources and enter into new
partnership arrangements with the private sector, or with each other, to create
new jobs and stimulate economic activity in a well-defined economic zone"); see
also McFarlane, supra note 7, at 307 ("Community economic development ... treats
the neighborhood as a discrete and insular economic unit. The focus becomes one
of encouraging the creation of new business and the relocation of existing
business in the targeted neighborhood in order to improve the economic
conditions for residents of that area.")..





n224.  See McFarlane, supra note 7, at 304; see also Vidal, supra note 197, at
38 (noting that "most CDCs are organized around geographically defined
communities, i.e., neighborhoods or clusters of neighborhoods"). The Empowerment
Zone and related incentive zone programs are the policy manifestations of this
emphasis on local economic action. See McFarlane, supra note 7, at 296.





n225.  See Severyn T. Bruyn, Beyond the Market and the State, in Beyond the
Market and the State: New Directions in Community Development 3, 8 (Severyn T.
Bruyn & James Meehan eds., 1987).





n226.  Peirce & Steinbach, supra note 65, at 13 ("All CDCs focus their
activities in a clearly defined geographic area encompassing a high
concentration of low-income people."); Peterman, supra note 47, at 47 ("CDCs are
locally based quasi-capitalist organizations that attempt to stimulate and carry
out community development efforts in neglected communities where the private
market has failed to do so."). The Dudley Street Neighborhood Initiative, in
Roxbury, Massachusetts, is frequently cited as a testament to the regenerative
power of place-based development projects in low-income areas. See, e.g.,
McFarlane, supra note 7, at 306; see also Janice Tulloss, Transforming Urban
Regimes, A Grassroots Approach to Comprehensive Community Development: The
Dudley Street Neighborhood Initiative (1998) (Comm-Org: The Online Conference on
Community Organizing and Development), at
http://comm-org.utoledo.edu/papers98/tulloss.htm.





n227.  See Glick & Rossman, supra note 14, at 117-21.





n228.  See Halpern, supra note 61, at 108; Peterman, supra note 47, at 39; see
also Stoecker, supra note 31, at 4 (describing one ideal of CED as working "to
empower whole communities through comprehensive treatment of social and physical
conditions, measuring success in terms of physical redevelopment and community
regeneration, participation, and empowerment.").





n229.  Peirce & Steinbach, supra note 65, at 16; see also Shah, supra note 2, at
218-20.





n230.  William Peterman observes that the linkage of empowerment and local
control only occurs among progressive advocates of CED. He argues that
empowerment is actually an amorphous term that has different meanings depending
on one's political orientation: For conservatives it means "ownership," for
liberals it means "access to government," and for progressives it means
"community control." Peterman, supra note 47, at 37.





n231.  See Herbert J. Rubin, Renewing Hope Within Neighborhoods of Despair: The
Community-Based Development Model 140 (2000).





n232.  For instance, it has been suggested that local control allows community
residents to create stronger mechanisms of accountability that raise the
likelihood that CED projects will allocate the benefits of increased economic
activity to the neediest constituencies. See Quinones, Redevelopment Redefined,
supra note 14, at 759-61. Scholars have outlined additional benefits of local
control, noting that locally controlled institutions can protect communities
from the speculative excesses of the capitalist market, democratize the
decision-making structures of corporate governance, and channel funds to support
local economic priorities. See Bruyn, supra note 225, at 8-13.





n233.  See NEDLC, A Lawyer's Manual,supra note 47, at 24 ("A basic premise of
the CDC concept is that ultimate control of the CDC's program must reside within
the low-income community being served by the CDC.").





n234.  See Peterman, supra note 47, at 47 ("The argument made in support of CDCs
is that they promote community empowerment through the successful application of
business skills tempered with social awareness.").





n235.  See, e.g., Scott L. Cummings, Developing Cooperatives as a Job Creation
Strategy for Low-Income Workers, 25 N.Y.U. Rev. L. & Soc. Change 181, 189-90
(1999).





n236.  See Quinones, Redevelopment Redefined, supra note 14, at 759.





n237.  See John Friedmann, Empowerment: The Politics of Alternative Development
33 (1992).





n238.  See Wilson, supra note 4, at 622 (stating that empowerment is the
"self-realisation of each individual's own well-being and potential for changing
themselves, their families and their community").





n239.  See Friedmann, supra note 237, at 33; see also Anita Hodgkiss,
Petitioning and the Empowerment Theory of Practice, 96 Yale L.J. 569, 581 (1987)
(defining "empowerment" as "a process by which individuals develop a sense of
personal responsibility for the fundamental decisions that most affect their
lives, and results ultimately in the democratization of economic and political
decision making").





n240.  See Rubin, supra note 231, at 151-53.





n241.  See James A. Christenson, Three Themes of Community Development,
inCommunity Development in America, supra note 61, at 38, 43 (stating that,
during the process of community development, community members "may achieve a
task or goal, but it is incidental to the long-range implication of teaching
people how to improve their situation"); see alsoBerndt, supra note 36, at 35
("Regardless of what choice is made, of major importance to the CDC is the fact
that the community, and not people outside the community, makes the final
decision.").





n242.  See Sisak, supra note 14, at 888 (stating that community empowerment
"assumes the form of institutional stability - health care facilities,
recreational centers, tenant-owned housing").





n243.  See id. at 887-88; see also Judith E. Koons, Fair Housing and Community
Empowerment: Where the Roof Meets Redemption, 4 Geo. J. on Fighting Poverty 75,
81 (1996).





n244.  See Sisak, supra note 14, at 887.





n245.  See White, supra note 14, at 330.





n246.  See Richard D. Marsico, Fighting Poverty Through Community Empowerment
and Economic Development: The Role of the Community Reinvestment and Home
Mortgage Disclosure Acts, 12 N.Y.L. Sch. J. Hum. Rts. 281, 282 (1995) (arguing
for the use of the Community Reinvestment Act to support and create CDFIs,
"which are community-controlled financial intermediaries explicitly designed to
eliminate poverty and meet community credit needs"); see also Anthony D. Taibi,
Banking, Finance, and Community Economic Empowerment: Structural Economic
Theory, Procedural Civil Rights, and Substantive Racial Justice, 107 Harv. L.
Rev. 1465, 1520-28 (1994) (arguing for increased support for CDFIs as part of a
community-empowerment approach to community development).





n247.  Lucie E. White, "Democracy" in Development Practice: Essays on a Fugitive
Theme, 64 Tenn. L. Rev. 1073, 1097.





n248.  See Southworth, supra note 14, at 1154-63.





n249.  According to Ann Southworth:



   There are several reasons to suppose that planners might more readily defer
to their clients' objectives than litigators do: (1) planning skills may be less
remote from clients' own knowledge and experience and more easily evaluated by
clients; (2) planning work by its very nature requires reference to client
objectives, and planners have fewer opportunities and incentives to substitute
their own goals; (3) the clients that consume planning services often are
relatively sophisticated consumers of legal services; (4) ethical rules
governing planning work for organizations are sometimes easier to apply than
those governing impact litigation; and (5) prevailing practice norms among
lawyers who perform planning services encourage deference to clients.

 Id. at 1154-55; see also NEDLC, A Lawyer's Manual, supra note 47, at 19 (noting
that in the context of CED, the lawyer's role takes on a diminished importance
since "lawyers are necessary, but not sufficient"); Sisak, supra note 14, at 885
(noting that in the CED context, the community organization drives the lawyering
by defining goals and identifying broad approaches).





n250.  See Victoria Lyall & William Schweke, Using Alliance-Based Development
Strategies for Economic Empowerment 2 (1996) (stating that proponents of
growth-oriented policies argue that the benefits of economic growth policies
"will fall to the poor ... and lift them out of poverty").





n251.  See, e.g., Berndt, supra note 36, at 122 (noting that "CDCs have made
very little impact on employment, and they have not even begun to affect the
physical makeup of the communities served").





n252.  Stoecker, supra note 31, at 3. Other analysts have reached similar
conclusions. See, e.g., David Rusk, Inside Game Outside Game: Winning Strategies
for Saving Urban America 48-52 (1999) (finding that even "exemplary" CDCs have
failed to significantly improve economic conditions in low-income
neighborhoods).





n253.  See Vidal, supra note 197.





n254.  Stoecker, supra note 31, at 3.





n255.  See id.; see also John Foster-Bey, Bridging Communities: Making the Link
Between Regional Economies and Local Community Development, 8 Stan. L. & Pol'y
Rev. 25, 33 (1997) ("Sadly ... there appears to be little evidence that housing
and commercial development produces the income and wealth improvements necessary
to move significant numbers of people out of poverty.").





n256.  See Stoecker, supra note 31, at 10. Specifically, Randy Stoecker claims
that CDCs become "disorganizing" forces in their communities by "becoming
enmeshed in the networks that caused the problems and thus becoming limited to
development possibilities dictated by the market rather than directed by the
people." Id.. He adds that "community development, when it emphasizes the
physical over the social and remains limited to the possibilities dictated by
capital, may actually increase turnover, displacement, and otherwise disorganize
a community." Id.





n257.  See Center for Community Change, Bright Promises; Questionable Results:
An Examination of How Well Three Government Subsidy Programs Created Jobs 9-11
(1990) [hereinafter Center for Community Change, Bright Promises] (highlighting
Urban Development Action Grants, industrial revenue bonds, and enterprise zones
as mechanisms for providing public subsidies to businesses); Center for
Community Change, Jobs: Some Organizing Strategies 9-10 (1997) [hereinafter
Center for Community Change, Jobs] (discussing tax breaks, tax increment
financing, state grants and loans, and industrial revenue bonds); Shea
Cunningham, Jessica Goodheart, Paul More, Melanie Myers & David Runsten, Los
Angeles Alliance for a New Economy & UCLA Center for Labor Research and
Education, School of Public Policy and Social Research, Taking Care of Business?
An Evaluation of the Los Angeles Business Development Team 3-5 (1999) (providing
an overview of public subsidies offered to attract and retain local businesses);
More et al., supra note 33, at 3-5 (describing tax increment financing); Pollin
& Luce, supra note 6, at 60-61 (discussing Industrial Development Bonds, CDBGs,
and other business subsidies); Quinones, Redevelopment Redefined, supra note 14,
at 710-12 (stating that redevelopment agencies can impose tax increment
financing and tax abatement regimes to finance development efforts over the
course of the project term).





n258.  Pollin & Luce, supra note 6, at 55. Robert Pollin and Stephanie Luce note
the public financing of Cleveland's downtown sports and entertainment complex as
an example of subsidies that did not improve the city's basic socioeconomic
problems. Id. at 74-75.





n259.  See id.at 68-76; see alsoGreg LeRoy & Tyson Slocum, Economic Development
in Minnesota: High Subsidies, Low Wages, Absent Standards 1 (1999) (finding
that, despite very high public subsidies to support economic development in
Minnesota, the subsidized corporations had created jobs with "surprisingly low"
wages); McFarlane, supra note 7, at 331-32 (noting that downtown development
subsidies have "failed to benefit the neighborhoods that are home to the poorest
residents of the cities," and adding that this type of "economic development
[has promoted] capital accumulation and mobility that intentionally bypasses
poor neighborhoods").





n260.  See More et al., supra note 33, at 12.





n261.  See id. at iii (finding that, of the jobs created in the projects
studied, "more than 55 percent are retail jobs that pay an average wage of less
than $ 8 an hour, below the $ 8.32 an hour needed to keep a family of three off
public assistance... . [and m]ost (about 70%) paid an average wage of less than
$ 6.50 an hour"); see also Center for Community Change, Bright Promises, supra
note 257, at 17-22 (reviewing data from a study of 21 development projects
receiving federal subsidies and questioning the adequacy of employer performance
in creating quality jobs).





n262.  See Sterngold, supra note 33, at 11 (stating that, although the Los
Angeles Community Development Bank made $ 97 million in loans to businesses
within the Empowerment Zone (EZ), only 249 jobs were retained or created for EZ
residents, fewer than a third of the number required).





n263.  See Peggy Clark & Amy Kays, The Aspen Institute, Microenterprise and the
Poor: Findings from the Self-Employment Learning Project Five Year Study of
Microentrepreneurs 15-26 (1999).





n264.  See Howells, supra note 34, at 166-71.





n265.  See id. at 164.





n266.  See id. at 167-68.





n267.  See id. at 169-70. White has also noted, "There are very few
well-documented examples of how the [microenterprise] strategy can positively
impact on the economic forces that constrain low-income women's economic
opportunity ... ." White, supra note 14, at 332.





n268.  Howells, supra note 34, at 169.





n269.  See Cohen, supra note 16, at 548-52.





n270.  See id. at 550.





n271.  See id. ("Because there is no source of information that reveals the
number of low-income units that would have been constructed if the credit
program did not exist, ... it is difficult to determine whether the credit
program has resulted in any net additions to the low-income housing stock.").





n272.  See I.R.C. 42(g) (2001).





n273.  See Frank A. Racaniello, Extending the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit: An
Empirical Analysis, 22 Rutgers L.J. 753, 761-62 (1991) (noting that the credit
cost per unit of housing built has risen from $ 1,646 in 1987 to $ 2,855 in
1990).





n274.  See Cohen, supra note 16, at 557-58 (citing Congressional Budget Office,
The Cost Effectiveness of the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit Compared with
Housing Vouchers: A CBO Staff Memorandum (1992), reprinted in 56 Tax Notes 493
(1992)).





n275.  See David Dante Troutt, Ghettoes Made Easy: The Metamarket/Antimarket
Dichotomy and the Legal Challenges of Inner-City Economic Development, 35 Harv.
C.R.-C.L.L. Rev. 427, 434-66 (2000) [hereinafter Troutt, Ghettoes Made Easy];
David Dante Troutt, Ghettoes Revisited: Antimarkets, Consumption, and
Empowerment, 66 Brook. L. Rev. 1, 16 (2000); see also Melvin L. Oliver & Thomas
M. Shapiro, Black Wealth/White Wealth: A New Perspective on Racial Inequality
15-23 (1997) (highlighting Federal Housing Authority lending practices and bank
redlining as crucial determinants of contemporary racial inequality); McFarlane,
supra note 7, at 332-35 (noting the various policy factors that have influenced
the formation of urban neighborhoods, including the federal mortgage interest
tax deduction, Federal Housing Administration policies, bank redlining
practices, federal highway policies, local zoning ordinances, and local taxation
requirements); Anthony D. Taibi, Racial Justice in the Age of the Global
Economy: Community Empowerment and Global Strategy, 44 Duke L.J. 928, 982 (1995)
("The challenge for the Left is to obtain legitimacy through grass-roots social
action and work to create common-sense awareness of the fact that there is no
such thing as "the market' separate and apart from its legal and regulatory
framework ... .").





n276.  See Richard Thompson Ford, The Boundaries of Race: Political Geography in
Legal Analysis, 107 Harv. L. Rev. 1843, 1863-78 (1994).





n277.  See Stoecker, supra note 31, at 5 (arguing that, under the current CED
model, "poor neighborhoods are seen as weak markets ... requiring reinvestment
rather than as oppressed communities requiring mobilization, leading CDCs to
work within the existing economic rules").





n278.  See Sam Fulwood III, Prosperity a New Challenge for Black Entrepreneur,
L.A. Times, Aug. 10, 1999, at A1, A12 (quoting Georgia Institute of Technology
economist Danny Boston rejecting the free market approach to poverty alleviation
and arguing instead that that "you have to focus on the whole social
destabilization of the [inner-city] community before you can deal with the
economics").





n279.  Peter Dreier, Comment onMargaret Weir, Power, Money, and Politics in
Community Development, inUrban Problems and Community Development 178, 180
(Ronald F. Ferguson & William T. Dickens eds., 1999).





n280.  Owens, supra note 66 ("Whether servicing black or nonblack neighborhoods,
consistent political participation, electoral or nonelectoral, directly or
indirectly, is uncommon among CDCs.").



   Few CDCs undertake "all those activities by private citizens [and
institutions] that are more or less directly aimed at influencing the selection
of government personnel and/or the decisions that they make". The majority of
the development activities of CDCs concern service delivery such as affordable
housing production and social welfare programs, not political development.
Organizing and electoral mobilization, policy formulation and advocacy, and
protest and litigation are not priorities of CDCs. Edward Blakely and Armando
Aparicio (1990) offer evidence. Responses to their survey of fifty-eight CDCs in
California demonstrate that the delivery of services, especially housing, and
job creation, is the highest priority of CDCs; establishing and maintaining
active political bases and community organizing are among the lowest concerns.

 Id. at 5 (citing Sidney Verba & Noram Nie, Participation in America: Political
Democracy and Social Equality 2 (1971) and Edward Blakely & Armando Aparacio,
Balancing Social and Economic Objectives: The Case of California's Community
Development Corporations, 21 J. Community Dev. Soc'y (1990)). Others have
criticized CDCs' failure to mobilize community members for political action.
SeeBarbara Ferman, Challenging the Growth Machine: Neighborhood Politics in
Chicago and Pittsburgh 124 (1996) ("The collaboration required by economic
development activities of CDCs encourages consensual relations ... . However,
consensual approaches prevent any serious questioning of the larger political
economy within which these organizations operate ... . These organizations have
not changed the larger relations of power within the city, and their consensus
prevents that."); William Traynor, Community Development: Does It Need to
Change?, Neighborhood Works, April-May 1992, at 9 (stating that the CDC model
"has confused the building of power with the building of structures"); Margaret
Weir, Power, Money, and Politics in Community Development, in Urban Problems and
Community Development, supra note 279, at 139, 140 ("Primarily concerned with
development activities, these organizations have done little to build power in
low-income communities."); Hess, supra note 74 ("Many observers note that CDCs'
attention to producing services and products tends to "bend' the community
organizing and political work it engages in away from the mass mobilization and
broad political-structural goals of traditional community organizing."); see
also Goetz, supra note 66; Herbert Rubin & Irene Rubin, Community Organizing and
Development (1992); Peter Dreier, Philanthropy and the Housing Crisis: Dilemmas
of Private Charity and Public Policy in the United States, inShelter and
Society: Theory, Research, and Policy for Nonprofit Housing (C. Theodore Koebel
ed., 1998). Stoecker, in particular, has argued that CDCs have lacked a
confrontational organizing component, which is necessary "to bring capital into
neighborhoods that cannot produce a quick profit for investors." Stoecker, supra
note 31, at 12; see also Randy Stoecker, Community Organizing and
Community-Based Redevelopment in Cedar-Riverside and East Toledo, 2 J. Community
Prac. 1 (1995) [hereineafter Stoecker, Community Organizing and Community-Based
Redevelopment].





n281.  Stoecker, supra note 31, at 3.





n282.  See Alan C. Twelvetrees, Organizing for Neighbourhood Development: A
Comparative Study of Community Development Corporations and Citizen Power
Organizations 169 (1989) ("At best then, so the argument goes, CDCs are an
irrelevance which diverts the talents of local people away from political
pressure on those institutions which do have the power to revitalise the
ghetto."); Hess, supra note 74 ("Community development organizations can also be
used to justify a "bootstrap' political agenda. That is to say, an argument that
voluntary action through non-governmental organizations is sufficient for
resolving the crisis in the cities.").





n283.  See Peirce & Steinbach, supra note 65, at 26.





n284.  National Congress for Community Economic Development, Community-Based
Development Organizations (1999) (finding that two-thirds of CDCs responding to
a national survey were engaged in community organizing work); Mercer Sullivan,
More than Housing: How Community Development Corporations Go About Changing
Lives and Neighborhoods (1993) (finding significant organizing activity among
CDCs); see also Ross J. Gittell & Margaret Wilder, Community Development
Corporations: Critical Factors that Influence Success, 21 J. Urb. Aff., 341, 344
(1999) (noting that CDCs have organized community members); Lee Winkelman,
Massachusetts Community Development Corporations and Community Organizing (1998)
(Comm-Org: The Online Conference on Community Organizing and Development), at
http://comm-org.utoledo.edu/papers98/winkelman.htm; Lee Winkelman, Organizing
Renaissance: Twin Cities CDC Leads Exploration of Organizing by Massachusetts
CDCs, 101 Shelterforce Online, Sept.-Oct. 1998 [hereinafter Winkelman,
Organizing Renaissance], at http://www.nhi.org/online/issues/101/winkleman.html.





n285.  Unger has discussed the failure among progressives to envision
alternatives to the dominant neoliberal order, noting that "everywhere in the
world ... there is today an experience of exhaustion and perplexity in the
formulation of credible alternatives to the neoliberal program and to its
defining belief in the convergence toward a single system of democratic and
market institutions." See Unger, supra note 127, at 3.





n286.  Pierre Bourdieu, Acts of Resistance: Against the Tyranny of the Market
(1998).





n287.  See Cummings & Eagly, supra note 74, at 484-88.





n288.  See Boggs, supra note 164, at 226-29.





n289.  See Handler, supra note 29, at 719.





n290.  See Halpern, supra note 61, at 232 (arguing that "even the most sensible
policies, practices, and investments, if limited to local reform or community
renewal, will have only marginal impact without attention to societal context");
see also Timothy Barnekov & Daniel Rich, Privatism and the Limits of Local
Economic Development Policy, 25 Urb. Aff. Q. 212 (1989); Peter Dreier & Dennis
W. Keating, The Limits of Localism: Progressive Housing Policies in Boston,
1984-1989, 26 Urb. Aff. Q. 191 (1990).





n291.  Foster-Bey, supra note 255, at 40.





n292.  See id. at 29.





n293.  Id. at 34.





n294.  See Stoecker, supra note 31, at 6-7. Additionally, Stoecker argues that
CDC localism generates "victim blaming" as grossly underfunded CDCs are given
the daunting responsibility of neighborhood poverty alleviation and then blamed
when they fail to deliver. Id. at 7.





n295.  See Smock, supra note 126:



   An important limitation of targeted approaches is that many of the problems
faced by local communities were not created by the community and cannot be
solved through local action. The dynamics of inner city neighborhoods are often
controlled by government entities and corporations from outside the community.
Local community groups rarely have the influence or resources to affect the
decisions of these outside actors.

 Id.





n296.  See McFarlane, supra note 7, at 342 ("Because the Empowerment Zones
Program fails to acknowledge the structural issues confronting ghetto
communities - as well as the spatial and ideological biases of economic
development, this program and others similar to it are unlikely to ever
appropriately address the oppression and subordination experienced by these
communities."). Other commentators have made similar criticisms of Empowerment
Zones. See,e.g., Winton Pitcoff, EZ'er Said than Done, 112 Shelterforce Online,
July-Aug. 2000, at http://www.nhi.org/online/issues/112/pitcoff.html (quoting
David Wright, director of urban studies at the Rockefeller Institute of
Government at SUNY Albany, who criticizes the "paradoxical" nature of the
Empowerment Zone concept, stating that "the idea of drawing bright red
boundaries and focusing resources only within them is inconsistent with what
might be best for the people and those areas").





n297.  Foster-Bey, supra note 255, at 40.





n298.  See, e.g., Frances Lee Ansley, Rethinking Law in Globalizing Labor
Markets, 1 U. Pa. J. Lab. & Emp. L. 369 (1998); Peter Pitegoff, Shaping Regional
Economies to Sustain Quality Work: The Cooperative Health Care Network, inHard
Labor, supra note 15, at 96; Peter W. Salsich, Jr., Thinking Regionally About
Affordable Housing and Neighborhood Development, 28 Stetson L. Rev. 577, 600
(1999).





n299.  See DouglasMassey & Nancy A. Denton, American Apartheid 74-78 (1993)
(discussing the prevalence of urban "hypersegregation").





n300.  See id. at 118-30; see also Camille Zubrinsky Charles, Residential
Segregation in Los Angeles, in Prismatic Metropolis: Inequality in Los Angeles
167, 168 (Lawrence D. Bobo, Melvin L. Oliver, James H. Johnson, Jr. & Abel
Valenzuela, Jr. eds., 2000).





n301.  See Paul Jargowsky, Poverty and Place: Ghettos, Barrios, and the American
City 61 (1997) ("One common impression of poor neighborhoods is correct: they
are predominantly inhabited by members of minority groups."); see also John O.
Calmore, A Call to Context: The Professional Challenges of Cause Lawyering at
the Intersection of Race, Space, and Poverty, 67 Fordham L. Rev. 1927, 1931
(1999) (stating that, in 1990, "nearly 75% of those residing in high-poverty
neighborhoods were black or Latino").





n302.  See Calmore, supra note 301, at 1943 ("The racialized inner-city poor,
particularly African American and Puerto Ricans, experience concentrated poverty
in their neighborhoods that is compounded by a spatial and geographic
marginalization that deepens their intersectional racist and economic
subordination."); Ford, supra note 276, at 1854 (stating that race is "seen as
intimately related to the economic and social condition of political space").





n303.  See Troutt, Ghettoes Made Easy, supra note 275, at 487.





n304.  See McFarlane, supra note 7, at 346. Some analysts have suggested that
CED's political appeal is directly related to the fact that it promotes spatial
separation, rather than advancing the cause of racial integration. See, e.g.,
Lemann, supra note 2, at 21 ("[A] final political advantage of community
development is that it neatly avoids what is perhaps the most perilous of all
issues for elected officials - racial integration.").





n305.  McFarlane, supra note 7, at 299-300.





n306.  This agenda owes much to the vision and leadership of the Center for
Community Change, which has supported the development of an organizing-centered
approach to job creation by providing technical assistance and other resources.
In particular, its publications have broken new ground in outlining economic
justice initiatives. See Center for Community Change, Jobs, supra note 257, at 7
(outlining a job creation strategy focused on living wage job creation,
workforce development, neighborhood development, and job retention). Several
grassroots organizations in Los Angeles are advocating a shift toward these
types of CED strategies. For example, the Progressive Los Angeles Network has
recently offered a policy proposal to foster economic justice that emphasizes
the creation of high-quality jobs, the implementation of targeted job training
programs for low-income workers, the expansion of living wage policies, and
accountable redevelopment. SeeProgressive Los Angeles Network, An Economic
Development Agenda for Los Angeles: Towards a Just, Democratic, and Sustainable
Economic Development Policy (2001) [hereinafter Progressive Los Angeles Network]
(on file with author). Organizations such as Strategic Actions for a Just
Economy (SAJE) and the Los Angeles Alliance for a New Economy (LAANE) have taken
similar positions. See Gilda Haas, Turning Economic Justice into Economic
Development, Making Sense, Winter 2000, at 4 (Strategic Actions for a Just
Economy); Interview with Erika Zucker, General Counsel and Policy Director, Los
Angeles Alliance for a New Economy (Feb. 16, 2001) (on file with author)
[hereinafter Zucker Interview].





n307.  See Center for Community Change, Jobs, supra note 257, at 6-7 ("We should
force the connection by demanding that all local economic development policy
have as one of its main goals the reduction or alleviation of poverty."); see
alsoAlan Okagaski, Center for Community Change, Developing a Public Policy
Agenda on Jobs 19-33 (1997).





n308.  For an example of how this new movement is taking shape, see Kelly
Candaele & Peter Dreier, LA's Progressive Mosaic: Beginning to Find Its Voice,
Nation, Aug. 21, 2000, at 24 (describing the emergence of a coalition of clergy,
labor, and community representatives working to forge a progressive political
agenda through grassroots campaigns supporting union organizing, living wage,
and affordable housing).





n309.  See Sandy O'Donnell & Ellen Schumer, Community Building & Community
Organizing: Issues in Creating Effective Models, 85 Shelterforce Online,
Jan.-Feb. 1996 ("Over the years, this partnership [between CDCs and community
organizing] has weakened ... . Many CDCs have become enamored with bricks and
mortar and technical sophistication, replacing residents on their boards and
planning teams with bankers, developers, and Realtors [sic]."), at
http://www.nhi.org/online/issues/85/combuild.html.





n310.  See Hess, supra note 74 (defining community organizing as "organizing
community members to take on powerful institutions in their community through
direct public confrontation and action"). Hess further notes that "organizing
works to change institutions and norms in the society at-large," id., and that
its "goal is to control the future of the community through a permanent,
politically powerful, organized body of resident participants," id. See
alsoMarshall Ganz, What Is Organizing?,at
http://comm-org.utoledo.edu/syllabi/ganz/ganzessay.htm (2000).





n311.  For a discussion of the recent surge in organizing activity, see Dave
Beckwith, Organizing Today: Ten Reasons to Cheer!, 101 Shelterforce Online,
Sept.-Oct. 1998 ("Welfare "reform' has pushed millions of families over the
brink of poverty and hopelessness, but everywhere, it seems, neighborhood
groups, faith-based community organizations, networks, and funders are seeing
the need as an opportunity."), at
http://www.nhi.org/online/issues/101/beckwith.html. Shelterforce Magazine
devoted an issue to highlighting the renaissance of the organizing movement that
included analyses from a diverse range of community organizers. See Henry Allen,
Organizing, Power, & Public Policy: One Foundation's Road to Supporting
Community Organizing, 101 Shelterforce Online, Sept.-Oct. 1998, at
http://www.nhi.org/online/issues/101/allen.html; Ernesto Cortes, Jr., Reclaiming
Our Birthright, 101 Shelterforce Online, Sept.-Oct. 1998, at
http://www.nhi.org/online/issues/101/cortes.html; Michael Eichler, Look to the
Future, Learn from the Past, 101 Shelterforce Online, Sept.-Oct. 1998, at
http://www.nhi.org/online/issues/101/eichler.html; Kim Fellner, Hearts and
Crafts: Powering the Movement, 101 Shelterforce Online, Sept.-Oct. 1998, at
http://www.nhi.org/online/issues/101/fellner.html.





n312.  See Stoecker, supra note 31, at 12 (arguing that CDCs have lacked a
confrontational organizing component, which is necessary "to bring capital into
neighborhoods that cannot produce a quick profit for investors"); see also
Stoecker, Community Organizing and Community-Based Redevelopment, supra note
280.





n313.  See O'Donnell & Schumer, supra note 309 (calling for the development of
"people's" community development organizations and highlighting the need for
greater dissemination of successful efforts to integrate community organizing
and development); Interview by Harold Simon, Pablo Eisenberg: A Career of Social
Commitment, 101 Shelterforce Online, Sept.-Oct. 1998 (suggesting that there
should be greater integration of community development and organizing work), at
http://www.nhi.org/ online/issues/101/eisenberg.html; see alsoPeter Medoff &
Holly Sklar, Streets of Hope: The Fall and Rise of an Urban Neighborhood (1994);
Robert Giloth, Organizing for Neighborhood Development, Soc. Pol'y, Winter 1985,
at 37; Ronald La Due Lake, Community Organizing: Building Social Capital as a
Development Strategy, 35 Urb. Aff. Rev. 147 (1999) (reviewing Ross Gittel & Avis
Vidal, Community Organizing: Building Social Capital as a Development Strategy
(1998)). To integrate CED and organizing, Stoecker advocates a "community
controlled organizing/planning process" that puts organizing before development:
"The community conducts research and begins a planning/organizing process that
leads to social action. After evaluating their efforts, they expand on their
initial organizing to spin-off development activity." Stoecker, supra, note 31,
at 13.





n314.  See Hess, supra note 74.





n315.  See O'Donnell & Schumer, supra note 309:



   When CDCs first proliferated in Chicago, they were tightly connected with
organizing. Many CDCs grew out of neighborhood organizing campaigns. Organizing
generated policy "wins" that gave CDCs the tools they needed to keep growing:
the CRA is the clearest example nationally, and several organizing groups
locally have "won" campaigns for CDCs to acquire vacant property and to acquire
and rehab HUD-foreclosed homes.

 Id.





n316.  See id. ("Although the majority of CDCs fail to incorporate organizing
into their agendas, a growing number of other organizing projects, both in
Chicago and nationwide, are beginning to draw from the "base community' or
"popular education' organizing tradition."); Winkelman, Organizing Renaissance,
supra note 284 (citing seven different types of organizing work done by
Massachusetts CDCs: (1) residents' council organizing; (2) organizing to get
control of development resources; (3) grassroots community planning; (4) issue
organizing; (5) political organizing; (6) community building events; and (7)
organizing as support for development).





n317.  For example, many CDCs are engaging in comprehensive community
initiatives (CCIs).



   [CCIs] aspire to foster a fundamental transformation of poor neighborhoods
and the circumstances of individuals who live there. The change they seek is
comprehensive, that is, inclusive of all sectors in the neighborhood - social,
educational, economic, physical, and cultural - and focused on community
building, that is, strengthening the capacity of neighborhood residents,
associations, and institutions.

 Anne C. Kubish, Comprehensive Community Initiatives: Lessons in Neighborhood
Transformation, 85 Shelterforce Online, Jan.-Feb. 1996, at http://www.nhi.org/
online/issues/85/compcominit.html. For further discussion of CCIs and other
large-scale community building projects, see Winton Pitcoff, Comprehensive
Community Initiatives: Redefining Community Development, 96 Shelterforce Online,
Nov.-Dec. 1997, at http://www.nhi.org/online/issues/96/ccis.html; William
Traynor, Community Building Hope and Caution, 83 Shelterforce Online, Sept.-Oct.
1995, at http://www.nhi.org/ online/issues/83/combuild.html; Robert O. Zdenek,
Toward Comprehensive Approaches for Strengthening Communities, 74 Shelterforce
Online, Mar.-Apr. 1994, at http://www.nhi.org/online/issues/74/zdenek.html; see
also Comprehensive Community Initiatives: Power and Race in CCIs, 97
Shelterforce Online, Jan.-Feb. 1998, at
http://www.nhi.org/online/issues/97/stone.html; Hess, supra note 74; Smock,
supra note 126.





n318.  Sandy O'Donnell & Ellen Schumer have stated the case for the greater
integration of organizing and development practice in these terms:



   Without organizing, the effectiveness, legitimacy, and staying power of
community development organizations is limited. With organizing, residents can
learn to both build community from within and to own and guide the community
development process. Further, with an organizing/capacity building component,
the community development movement can build the desperately needed political
will - and muscle - to change policies that impede the progress of low-income
communities.

 O'Donnell & Schumer, supra note 309. Kenneth Galdston has also argued that
economic development work should be guided by organizing principles:
"Development work has to grow out of the power base of a successful citizen
action organization if organizing is to remain the dominant strategy in this
pairing of strategies (as we believe it must ...)." Galdston, supra note 32, at
3; see also Ken Galdston, Regional Citizen Action: New England's InterValley
Project Advances the Cutting Edge of Democratic Economic Development, Making
Waves, Autumn 1997, at 5 [hereineafter Galdston, Regional Citizen Action].





n319.  See, e.g., Thomas J. Lenz, Building a Force for the Common Good: United
Power for Action and Justice, 101 Shelterforce Online, Sept.-Oct. 1998
(describing the organizing efforts of United Power for Action and Justice, a
multiracial, multidenominational organization in Chicago, comprised of union
representatives, community activists, neighborhood developers, and community
health center leaders), at http://www.nhi.org/online/issues/101/lenz.html; see
also Galdston, Regional Citizen Action, supra note 318, at 4.





n320.  See City-Owned Hospital Is the Focus of a Community/Labor Campaign
Merrimack Valley Project, 10 Organizing: Newsl. on Jobs, Transp. & Welfare
Reform Organizing, June-July 1998 (describing campaign by the Merrimack Valley
Project - a coalition of forty-eight religious congregations, labor unions, and
tenant organizations - "to maintain jobs and community-control at the city-owned
Hale Hospital" in Haverhill, Massachusetts), at
http://www.communitychange.org/organizing/mvp10.htm; Community and Labor
Organizations Come Together Around Public Job Creation, 10 Organizing: Newsl. on
Jobs, Transp. & Welfare Reform Organizing, June-July 1998 (discussing meeting of
representatives of community organizations and labor unions to "build a broader
base of support for publicly funded jobs"), at
http://www.communitychange.org/organizing/union10.htm; Ken Galdston, Labor and
Community - A Powerful Combination, 10 Organizing: Newsl. on Jobs, Transp. &
Welfare Reform Organizing, June-July 1998:



   [InterValley Project] member groups ... have united labor union locals and
AFL-CIO Labor Councils with congregations, community and tenant organizations in
winning job issue campaigns including: worker buy-outs of factories threatened
with closing thereby saving thousands of jobs; ... the creation of a
Manufacturing Partnership which serves as an industrial extension service
helping local firms preserve and expand jobs; the establishment of a Right to
Organize Provision in a city council's civil rights commission, which calls for
intervention to protect a person's right to organize a labor or a tenant union.

 Id.at http://www.communitychange.org/organizing/Persp10.htm; Jobs with Justice:
Labor and Community Mobilization, 10 Organizing: Newsl. on Jobs, Transp. &
Welfare Reform Organizing, June-July 1998 (highlighting Jobs with Justice, a
national campaign for workers' rights and economic justice conducted by a
coalition of labor, community, and religious organizations),at
http://www.communitychange.org/organizing/JwJ10.htm; Relationships Build Power
and Job Opportunities: Essex County Community Organization, 10 Organizing:
Newsl. on Jobs, Transp. & Welfare Reform Organizing, June-July 1998
(highlighting efforts of the Essex County Community Organization and labor
representatives in Massachusetts to win a commitment from machine manufacturers
to train and hire local residents), at
http://www.communitychange.org/organizing/ECCO10.htm; Louise Simmons,
Community-Labor Coalitions: A Wellspring from Connecticut, 101 Shelterforce
Online, Sept.-Oct. 1998 ("In recent decades in Connecticut, community-labor
coalitions developed around strike support, organizing drives, plant closings,
electoral campaigns, legislative battles, or specific policy issues such as
health care reform."), at http://www.nhi.org/online/issues/101/simmons.html;
Supporting the Right to Organize: Pioneer Valley Project - Springfield, MA, 10
Organizing: Newsl. on Jobs, Transp. & Welfare Reform Organizing, June-July 1998
(discussing organizing work of the Pioneer Valley Project in Springfield,
Massachusetts, a collaborative of four union locals, 16 congregations, and a
network of tenant groups), at http://www.communitychange.org/
organizing/PVP10.htm; Working Partnerships: Labor and Community Advocacy in San
Jose, California, 10 Organizing: Newsl. on Jobs, Transp. & Welfare Reform
Organizing, June-July 1998 (describing community organizations and labor unions
that collaborated to implement a policy in Santa Clara County, California that
gave priority consideration on tax break requests to companies that provided
health care, paid competitive industry wages, and sought to hire local
residents),at http://www.communitychange.org/ organizing/Partn10.htm; see also
Building Bridges: The Emerging Grassroots Coalition of Labor and Community
(Jeremy Brecher & Tim Costello eds., 1990); Elizabeth M. Iglesias,
Institutionalizing Economic Justice: A LatCrit Perspective on the Imperatives of
Linking the Reconstruction of "Community" to the Transformation of Legal
Structures That Institutionalize the Depoliticization and Fragmentation of
Labor/Community Solidarity, 2 U. Pa. J. Lab. & Emp. L. 773 (2000). For an
overview of additional labor-community project collaborations, see
Labor/Community Strategy Center, Projects, at
http://www.thestrategycenter.org/body_projects.html (last visited Jan. 7, 2002).





n321.  See, e.g., Karl E. Klare, Toward New Strategies for Low-Wage Workers, 4
B.U. Pub. Int. L.J. 245, 249 (1995).





n322.  Anthony Taibi has called for this type of spatially decentered,
transracial political movement. See Taibi, supra note 275, at 934 (urging
progressives to "engage in strategic cooperation with other localities so as to
create structures that will protect local interests at the regional, national,
and international levels"). We must develop alternatives to existing practices
and institutions of community, property, consumption, and production that are
both rooted in local experiences and linked into a larger global strategy. The
strategy must develop on two levels: a level of local autonomy, cultural
integrity, and community economic development, and a national and global level
for establishing the framework for local success. Id at 976.





n323.  See David Scheie, Promoting Job Opportunity: Strategies for
Community-Based Organizations, 89 Shelterforce Online, Sept.-Oct. 1996:



   While defined geographical neighborhoods are still an important basis for
organizing constituencies and strategies, community-based groups are recognizing
that "community" and "economy" are found both within and beyond neighborhoods
... . And to have the greatest impact on people's economic prospects, it's
important to improve their access to the regional and global economy - to
markets and job opportunities beyond as well as within their neighborhoods.

 Id.at http://www.nhi.org/online/issues/89/promoting.html; see alsoEric Mann &
The Urban Strategies Group, Reconstructing the Movement from the Bottom Up
(excerpted from Eric Mann, Cynthia Hamilton, Anthony Thigpenn, Dean Toji, Laura
Pulido, Geoff Ray, Robin Cannon, Lian Hurst Mann & The Urban Strategies Group,
Reconstructing Los Angeles - and U.S. Cities - from the Bottom Up (1993)),at
http://www.thestrategycenter.org/body_rlabu_chpt_4.html (last visited Jan. 8,
2002).





n324.  See Selena Spain & Jean Wiley, The Living-Wage Ordinance: A First Step in
Reducing Poverty, 32 Clearinghouse Rev. 252, 254 (1998) (noting how poverty
lawyers, concerned about ensuring measurable economic gains for low-income
communities, have turned to certain types of living wage policies as "effective
vehicles for promoting community revitalization"). For a discussion of the
living wage movement, see generally Lawrence B. Glickman, A Living Wage:
American Workers and the Making of Consumer Society (1997); Pollin & Luce, supra
note 6; Bobbi Murray, Living Wage Comes of Age, Nation, July 23, 2001, at 24;
Robert Pollin, Living Wage, Live Action, Nation, Nov. 23, 1998, at 15.





n325.  See Pollin & Luce, supra note 6, at 1.





n326.  See Center for Community Change, Wages, Benefits and Job Quality (1999)
("It has been grassroots organizations, along with a powerful coalition of
labor, civil rights and other groups, which have been demanding that
publicly-subsidized jobs provide living wages, that government help create large
numbers of livable wage jobs, and that economic development strategies be
clearly linked to reducing poverty."), at
http://www.communitychange.org/wages.htm (last visited Jan. 12, 2002); see
alsoPollin & Luce, supra note 6, at 8-9 (discussing the role of community
organizations and clergy); Spain & Wiley, supra note 324, at 265 (1998)
(discussing living wage coalitions of labor, religious institutions, and
community-based organizations); ACORN, Introduction to ACORN's Living Wage
Website ("Living wage campaigns are characterized by uniquely broad coalitions
of local community, union, and religious leaders who come together to develop
living wage principles, organize endorsements, draft ordinance language, and
plan campaign strategy."), at http://www.livingwagecampaign.org/introcontent.htm
(last visited Jan. 7, 2002); Carol Zabin & Isaac Martin, Living Wage Campaigns
in the Economic Policy Arena: Four Case Studies from California (June 1999) ("At
their best, living wage coalitions have evolved into a new form of collaborative
organization that is truly a hybrid of labor and community constituencies, and
that can integrate strategies for organizing, policy development, and alliance
building."), at http://www.phoenixfund.org/livingwage.htm (last visited, Jan.
12, 2002). In addition, there is increasing student activism around living wage
issues. See,e.g., Carey Goldberg, Harvard Sit-In Over Pay Ends with Deal to
Re-examine Policies, N.Y. Times, May 9, 2001, at A19 (describing the resolution
of a three-week sit-in by Harvard students demanding a living wage for the
university's lowest-paid workers).





n327.  See Spain & Wiley, supra note 324, at 265:



   In addition to being a strong advocate, ACORN's role in the living-wage
movement has been to keep its finger on the pulse of communities around the
country where campaigns are being waged. ACORN serves as the central resource
point and technical-assistance provider for cities that are exploring the
possibility of a living wage ordinance.

 Id.; ACORN, Who Is ACORN? (stating that ACORN has "taken a leadership role in
more than a dozen jobs and living wages campaigns, including victories in
Chicago, Cook County, Boston, Oakland, Detroit, Minneapolis, and St. Paul"), at
http://www.acorn.org/ who_are_we.html (last visited Jan. 7, 2002); see
alsoACORN, Living Wage Campaigns: An Activist's Guide to Building the Movement
for Economic Justice (2d ed. 2001), available at
http://www.laborstudies.wayne.edu/livingwage.html. The New Party has also played
a prominent national role in supporting living wage campaigns. SeePollin & Luce,
supra note 6, at 8.





n328.  See ACORN, supra note 326:



   When subsidized employers are allowed to pay their workers less than a living
wage, tax payers end up footing a double bill: the initial subsidy and then the
food stamps, emergency medical, housing and other social services low wage
workers may require to support themselves and their families even minimally.

 Id.





n329.  See Winton Pitcoff, Closing the Wage Gap, 99 Shelterforce Online,
May-June 1998:



   Coalitions of community groups, labor unions, and some local government
officials in cities around the country are campaigning together to pass
living-wage ordinances requiring companies that do business with or receive
subsidies from the city to fix a higher minimum wage for their employees, often
one tied to an annual salary equal to the federal poverty line

 Id., at http://nhi.org/online/issues/99/pitcoff.html; see also Jared Bernstein,
The Living Wage Movement: Pointing the Way Toward the High Road, Community
Action Dig., Spring 1999, available at
http://epinet.org/webfeatures/viewpoints/LW_movement.html.





n330.  See Pollin & Luce, supra note 6, at 8 (noting that one of the goals of
the Los Angeles living wage campaign, as stated by the director of the Los
Angeles Living Wage Coalition, was to "develop a tool for union organizing");
Zabin & Martin, supra note 326, at 23 ("By linking their policy campaigns to new
strategies for constituency organizing, these labor and community alliances are
creating avenues for popular participation and education that help their policy
agendas succeed while they build unions and community organizations."); ACORN,
supra note 326, ("Living Wage campaigns also provide opportunities for
organizations that work to build a mass base of low income or working people to
join-up, organize, and mobilize new members."). Carol Zabin and Isaac Martin
assert that "the most effective initiatives are those that advance living wage
ordinances as part of a broader agenda for economic justice, and establishing
ongoing organizations to sustain community-labor policy campaigns." Zabin &
Martin, supra note 326, at 1. Living wage advocates have also sought to reduce
the privatization of public sector employment, by eliminating the gap between
unionized public jobs and nonunionized private contractors. SeeCenter for
Community Change, supra note 326.





n331.  See Center for Community Change, supra note 326 ("In Baltimore, BUILD (a
city-wide coalition of churches and community groups, affiliated with the
Industrial Areas Foundation), working together with AFSCME [American Federation
of State, County, and Municipal Employees], was able to push through a living
wage ordinance in December 1994."); Robert Pollin & Mark Brenner, Economic
Analysis of Santa Monica Living Wage Proposal 177 (2000) ("The ordinance there
stipulated that firms holding service contracts with the city pay a minimum wage
that began at $ 6.10 an hour in 1996, rising to $ 7.70 an hour by 1999. After
1999, Baltimore's living wage minimum would rise in step with inflation.").





n332.  See Pollin et al.,supra note 331, at 177; see also ACORN, Living Wage
Successes: A Compilation of Living Wage Policies on the Books (Oct. 2000),at
http://www.livingwagecampaign.org/LivingWageWins.htm (last visited Jan. 12,
2002).





n333.  See Spain & Wiley, supra note 324, at 256-57. Selena Spain and Jean Wiley
compare the elements of 17 different living wage ordinances. The ordinances
included in their study, conducted in 1998, had wage levels that ranged from $
6.50 per hour in Duluth, Minnesota, to $ 10.00 per hour in Santa Clara,
California. See id. at 253. The policies offer different constellations of
benefits and are triggered by different types of financial arrangements. For
example, some apply only to employers holding construction and service
contracts, while others apply to any employers that receive any type of public
subsidy over a specified threshold. See id. at 256.





n334.  See Center for Community Change, Jobs, supra note 257, at 15 ("A living
wage policy mandates a guaranteed minimum wage for employees of companies that
receive some type of subsidy from local government, such as a tax break or
revenue bond financing. It may also be applied to companies that have contracts
with the city or state to perform services."). Note that living wage ordinances
differ from federal and state minimum wage laws, which apply blanket statutory
minimums, and prevailing wage laws, including the Davis-Bacon Act, which require
that construction workers employed under government contracts receive the
prevailing wage for their occupation category. See Spain & Wiley, supra note
324, at 253.





n335.  Spain & Wiley, supra note 324, at 253.





n336.  See, e.g., Pollin & Luce, supra note 6, at 22:



   In short, municipal living wage policies are effective at delivering higher
living standards for low-wage workers and their families; reducing government
subsidy payments to these working families; and lowering turnover and
absenteeism for firms with high concentrations of low-wage workers. At the same
time, ... the costs of living wage programs can be readily diffused among firms,
consumers, and municipal governments such that these costs need not be
burdensome for any affected group.

 Id.





n337.  In this study, Pollin and Luce evaluate three types of living wage
proposals that use different criteria to determine employer coverage. The first
type, based on Milwaukee's ordinance, only applies to businesses holding certain
types of service contracts with the city. See id. at 16. The second, based on
the Los Angeles model, has a more expansive application, covering not only
service contractors, but also "firms receiving large city subsidies as well as
firms holding concession agreements with the city." Id. Finally, they discuss
geographically targeted policies, such as the failed Denver and Houston
ordinances, which would apply to all employers within the city limits. See id.
at 16-17.





n338.  See Pollin & Luce, supra note 6, at 20.





n339.  See id. at 17.





n340.  See Christopher Niedt, Greg Ruiters, Dana Wise & Erica Schoenberger, The
Effects of the Living Wage in Baltimore 1-2 (Economic Policy Institute, Working
Paper No. 119, 1999) (finding that, for twenty-six city contracts that could be
directly compared before and after the Baltimore living wage ordinance went into
effect, the aggregate cost increase to the city amounted to 1.2%; further
indicating that the ordinance directly affected approximately 1500 workers),
available at http://www.lights.com/ epi/virlib/WorkPapers/1999/effectsof.PDF.





n341.  See Michael Reich, Peter Hall & Fiona Hsu, Living Wages and the San
Francisco Economy: The Benefits and the Costs 2-3 (finding that the proposed San
Francisco ordinance would provide approximately 12,000 low-wage workers an
additional $ 50.3 million in wages and $ 11.2 million in health benefits each
year, while imposing $ 31 million in costs on covered service contractors), at
http://socrates.berkeley.edu/ <diff>iir/files/reich-old.PDF (June 1999).





n342.  See David Reynolds, Rachel Pearson & Jean Vortkampf, The Impact of the
Detroit Living Wage Ordinance 1-2 (Sept. 21, 1999) (concluding that over
one-half of employers covered by living wage law would incur cost increases of
under 1% and that 85% of the approximately 2300 covered workers would experience
wage gains of $ 1,312 to $ 4,439 a year), at
http://laborstudies.wayne.edu/report.pdf (last visited Jan. 12, 2002).





n343.  See Pollin et al.,supra note 331, at 4-7 (finding that the Santa Monica
living wage would have a significant positive effect on covered employee wages,
while causing only small cost increases for the majority of affected businesses
(2% of gross revenues); further finding that the minority of businesses
experiencing higher cost increases (10% of gross revenues) would likely be able
to absorb costs through higher prices, modest one-time reductions in profit, or
productivity increases). But seeRichard H. Sander, E. Douglass Williams & Joseph
Doherty, An Economic Analysis of the Proposed Santa Monica Living Wage (Sept. 7,
2000) (arguing that the Santa Monica Coastal Zone Proposal "would be unwise,
imprudent, and ineffective in achieving many of its supporters' goals"), at
http://www.law.ucla.edu/livingwage2.html (last visited Jan. 12, 2002).





n344.  See Pollin & Luce, supra note 6, at 112-35; see alsoReynolds et al.,
supra note 342, at 1-2 (finding that Detroit's living wage law would have
negligible effect on city budget and would be unlikely to negatively alter
employment or investment patterns); Mark Weisbrot & Michelle Sforza-Roderick,
Preamble Center for Public Policy, Baltimore's Living Wage Law: An Analysis of
the Fiscal and Economic Costs of Baltimore City Ordinance 442 (1996) (finding
that the cost of city contracts actually declined in inflation-adjusted dollars
after the Baltimore living wage law was implemented and that contractors did not
reduce their workforces); Chris Benner & Rachel Rosner, Working Partnerships,
Living Wage: An Opportunity for San Jose (Aug. 1998) (concluding that "most, if
not all, of the increased labor costs can be absorbed by firms themselves,
without having to pass on the costs to the City"), at
http://www.atwork.org/wp/lw/index.html (last visited Jan. 12, 2002).





n345.  See Spain & Wiley, supra note 324, at 266 ("Legal services programs can
play an indispensable role in the push for livable wages. They are able to
decipher the language of local living-wage ordinances, and they have an intimate
knowledge of the very constituency that these ordinances assist: poor people.").
Legal services lawyers within LSC-funded organizations have been able to support
living wage movements by making sure that their advocacy does not run afoul of
LSC restrictions on attempting to influence legislation. See 45 C.F.R.
1612.3(a)(1-2) (2001).





n346.  See Spain & Wiley, supra note 324, at 266 ("Legal services staff may be
asked to attend community meetings to explain policy or to attend consultative
meetings with several other attorneys to verify that the ordinance language is
legally correct or that it is, to the extent possible, fully meeting the needs
of the low-income population.").





n347.  See, e.g., Steve Bachmann, Lawyers, Law, and Social Change, 13 N.Y.U.
Rev. L. & Soc. Change 1, 22 (1984-85).





n348.  According to ACORN, the critical elements of a living wage ordinance are
wage level, scope of coverage, definition of covered workers, thresholds for
coverage, monitoring, and duration of coverage. In addition, there might be
possible "add-ons," such as wage-indexing, health benefits, and local hiring, as
well as possible exemptions for nonprofits, employers already covered by
prevailing wage laws, and hardship candidates. See ACORN, Elements of a Living
Wage Ordinance, at http://www.livingwagecampaign.org/ ordinance.htm (last
visited Jan. 7, 2002); see also Spain & Wiley, supra note 324, at 254, 261-62;
Zabin & Martin, supra note 326, at 3-4. Effective advocacy has resulted in the
implementation of innovative living wage provisions that require employers to
enter into first source hiring agreements and inform workers of their
eligibility for the Earned Income Tax Credit. See Spain & Wiley, supra note 324,
at 263-65.





n349.  See Spain & Wiley, supra note 324, at 266 ("In cities across the country,
legal services programs have been approached by living-wage advocates for
legislation-drafting or technical assistance to ensure that a draft ordinance
contains clear and effective language.").





n350.  See id. Poverty lawyers have also been important in litigation efforts
designed both to defend and to enforce living wage ordinances. See Murray, supra
note 324, at 27 (describing the work of Paul Sonn of the Brennan Center for
Justice at the New York University School of Law in defending St. Louis' living
wage law). This type of legal advocacy is becoming particularly important as
living wage opponents are increasingly turning to legal challenges to defeat
popularly elected living wage ordinances. See id. at 27; see also Telephone
Interview with Paul Sonn, Attorney, Brennan Center for Justice at New York
University School of Law (Oct. 1, 2001) (on file with author).





n351.  See Boston, Mass., Ordinances, ch.XXIV, 24-1 to -14 (2001).





n352.  See Telephone Interview with Monica Halas, Attorney, Greater Boston Legal
Services (Feb. 17, 2000) (on file with author) [hereinafter Halas Interview].





n353.  See City of Boston Jobs and Living Wage Ordinance, The Living Wage
Division, Covered Employee Living Wage Fact Sheet (on file with author); see
alsoBoston's Living Wage Takes Effect - Includes Hiring Hall Requirements for
Recipients of Corporate Subsidies, 11 Organizing: Newsl. on Jobs, Transp. &
Welfare Reform Organizing (Dec. 1998) (detailing the requirements of the Boston
Jobs and Living Wage Ordinance) [hereinafter Boston's Living Wage Takes Effect],
at http://www.communitychange.org/organizing/boston11.htm (last visited Jan. 12,
2002). The ordinance also applies to nonprofit employers with over one hundred
full-time-equivalent employees and a service contract of over $ 100,000 from the
city, as well as any subcontractor with a subcontract of $ 25,000 or more from a
covered employer. SeeCovered Employee Living Wage Fact Sheet, supra. The wage
rate is indexed annually on July 1 based on the federal poverty threshold for a
family of four, or 110% of the federal or state minimum wage, whichever is
higher. See Boston, Mass., Ordinances, ch. XXIV, 24-6.





n354.  See Halas Interview, supra note 352; see alsoBoston's Living Wage Takes
Effect, supra note 353.





n355.  See L.A., Cal., Admin. Code, art. 11, 10.37-.38.7 (2001). Through June
30, 2002, the living wage rate is set at $ 7.99 per hour plus $ 1.25 per hour in
health benefits. SeeCity of Los Angeles, Current and Prior Living Wage Rates
(Jul. 5, 2001), available at
http://www.lacity.org/cao/Contractor_Enforcement/Wage_Rates.P DF (last visited
Jan. 12, 2002).





n356.  Zabin & Martin, supra note 326, at 9; see also Hany Khalil & Sandra
Hinson, The Los Angeles Living Wage Campaign, in Public Subsidies, Public
Accountability: Holding Corporations to Labor and Community Standards 18 (1998).





n357.  See L.A., Cal., Admin. Code, art. 11, 10.37.2. When enacted, it was
estimated that the Los Angeles ordinance applied to over 7000 workers. SeePollin
& Luce, supra note 6, at 96.





n358.  See Santa Monicans Allied for Responsible Tourism, SMART History, at
http://www.laane.org/smart/smarthistory.htm (last visited Jan. 7, 2002); see
also Nancy Cleeland, Council Orders New Living Wage Law, L.A. Times, Mar. 29,
2001, at B5; Monte Morin, Battle over Wages Generates Dueling Santa Monica
Plans, L.A. Times, April 19, 2000, at B1; Gina Piccalo, Activists Savor Victory,
Expect Fight to Go On, L.A. Times, Nov. 9, 2000, at B1; Gina Piccalo,
Anti-Living Wage Measure Is Put on Santa Monica Ballot, L.A. Times, Aug. 3,
2000, at B1. Although LAANE's efforts in Santa Monica received a boost when the
City Council voted to support the ordinance, the issue is far from settled, as
business opponents have recently filed papers to initiate a referendum against
the measure. See Murray, supra note 324, at 27.





n359.  See Zucker Interview, supra note 306.





n360.  Seeking to consolidate past victories and expand the reach of living wage
coverage, activists are charting a new agenda. For instance, the Progressive Los
Angeles Network has advocated that:



   5.The City and County should expand living wage laws to:




    - cover all workers providing government-funded and related services (i.e.
home health care workers).




    - increase wages and benefits to reflect the true cost of living in L.A.




    - create group plans or publicly supervised health plans for smaller
contractors and other small businesses covered by living wage ordinance,
administered by a city department or a public/private partnership serving as a
buyer.




    - create economic development "Zones" in which all private employers of more
than 50 employees are covered by living wage requirements.




   6.The City should expand its living wage law to apply to all tenants of
properties funded by the Community Redevelopment Agency.




   7.The County should expand its living wage law to:




    - cover businesses that utilize federal and state funds controlled by the
county government.




    - apply to temporary and part-time workers.

 Progressive Los Angeles Network, supra note 306, at 4-5.





n361.  For a discussion of cooperatives, see generally Frank Adams & Gary B.
Hansen, Putting Democracy to Work: A Practical Guide for Starting and Managing
Worker-owned Businesses (1992); William Alvarado-Greenwood, Steven Haberfeld,
Lloyd C. Lee, Stafford W. Keegin & David H. Kirkpatrick, National Economic
Development and Law Center, Organizing Production Cooperatives: A Strategy for
Community Economic Development (1978); Kirk Baker & Anthony Nakazawa, Organizing
for Business as a Cooperative (1995); Alastair Campbell, The Democratic Control
of Work (1969); Chris Cornforth, Alan Thomas, Jenny Lewis & Roger Spear,
Developing Successful Worker Co-operatives (1988); David P. Ellerman, What Is a
Worker Cooperative? (1984); Brett Fairbarn, June Bold, Murray Fulton, Lou
Hammond Ketilson & Daniel Ish, Co-operatives and Community Development:
Economics in Social Perspective (1991);Christopher Eaton Gunn, Workers'
Self-management in the United States (1984); Gary B. Hansen, Lessons from the
Past: Selected Readings on the Systematic Development of Workers' Cooperatives
to Generate Employment and Income (1993); Gary B. Hansen, E. Kim Coontz & Audrey
Malan,Steps to Starting a Worker Co-op (1997); Gary B. Hansen & E. Mogensen,
Working Together to Create Jobs: A Guide to Worker-owned Cooperative Development
(1994); Peter Jan Honigsberg, B. Mamoroff & J. Beatty, We Own It: Starting and
Managing Coops, Collectives, and Employee-Owned Ventures (1982); Len Krimerman &
Frank Lindenfeld, When Workers Decide: Workplace Democracy Takes Root in North
America (1992); Mary Mellor, Janet Hannah & John Stirling, Worker Cooperatives
in Theory and Practice (1988); John Pearce, Running Your Own Cooperative (1984);
Stimulating Cooperative Economic Development in Low-Income Communities (Patricia
Logan et al. eds., 1981); Worker Cooperatives in America (Robert Jackall & Henry
M. Levin eds., 1984); Worker Ownership Development Foundation, Starting a Worker
Co-operative: An Introduction (1985).





n362.  See Cummings, supra note 235, at 189:



   Cooperatives present an opportunity to challenge free market values and build
democratic community institutions, while still providing sustainable jobs for
low-income workers. In this way, cooperative development is consistent with an
emerging model of CED practice that departs from conventional market-based
strategies and instead seeks to use CED to promote grassroots community
mobilization and political action.

 Id.; see also Peter Pitegoff, Organizing Worker Cooperatives, 7 L. & Pol'y 45,
49 (1985) ("The democratic corporation, one artifact in a changing society,
embodies a rare synthesis of economic development, democratic values, and the
law."); Lewis D. Solomon & Melissa B. Kirgis, Business Cooperatives: A Primer, 6
DePaul Bus. L.J. 234, 235 (1994):



   The establishment of cooperatives is expected to create new jobs in all
economic sectors and offer greater economic stability in communities around the
United States. Worker cooperatives can also be expected to improve the long-term
relationship between labor and management, increase worker satisfaction and
productivity, and strengthen political equality and democracy.

 Id.





n363.  See David Ellerman & Peter Pitegoff, The Democratic Corporation: The New
Worker Cooperative Statute in Massachusetts, 11 N.Y.U. Rev. L. & Soc. Change
441, 463 (1982-83):



   The worker-members of a worker cooperative are really neither "employees" nor
"owners." While remaining "employees" for some legal purposes (for example,
Social Security), the worker-members of a worker cooperative are not employees
in the sense of sellers of labor. They sell not their labor but the fruits of
their labor. Instead of being "employees" of a worker cooperative corporation,
the workers are the corporation; it is their legal embodiment. The workers, in
their corporate body, own the positive fruits of their labor (the produced
outputs) and are liable for the negative fruits of their labor (the exhausted
nonlabor inputs)... . The worker-members are also not "owners" because
membership rights are not property rights.

 Id.





n364.  See id. at 443; see also Richard Abel, A Socialist Approach to Risk, 41
Md. L. Rev. 695, 719 (1982).





n365.  Ellerman & Pitegoff, supra note 363, at 444. Based on this structural
feature, David Ellerman and Peter Pitegoff conclude that "the worker cooperative
is thus an industrial democracy, analogous to a political democracy, where the
voting and other citizenship rights are personal rights attached to the
functional role of residing in the community. In a worker cooperative, labor
(inclusive of all who work in the firm) hires capital." Id. at 444.





n366.  See id. at 452. Lewis Solomon and Melissa Kirgis note that the
Massachusetts statute, drafted by the Industrial Cooperative Association,
created a Mondragon-style model for structuring cooperatives that was also
adopted by Connecticut, New York, Oregon, and Washington. Solomon & Kirgis,
supra note 362, at 238. They also point out that other states with cooperative
statutes, including Alaska, California, Illinois, and Texas, did not follow the
Mondragon model, instead opting for a more traditional corporation structure.
Id.





n367.  See Ellerman & Pitegoff, supra note 363, at 454.





n368.  See id.at 460.





n369.  See Solomon & Kirgis, supra note 362, at 259.





n370.  See Ellerman & Pitegoff, supra note 363, at 446:



   In the Mondragon model, each member's internal capital account represents the
capital value which is due back to the member after a fixed rollover period or
after retirement. The account is quite separate from the membership rights.
Workers, depending on their seniority and pay-rate, might have quite differing
amounts in their accounts and yet they retain the same membership rights, e.g.,
equal voting rights.

 Id. at 446. This model deviates from that of traditional corporations, where
shareholders who accrue greater equity interests also gain additional voting
rights.





n371.  See Solomon & Kirgis, supra note 362, at 259; see also Ellerman &
Pitegoff, supra note 363, at 465:



   The Massachusetts solution is to allow a worker cooperative to split off the
net worth or net book value from the shares using a system of internal capital
accounts, with one account for each member recording that member's share of the
net worth. When a person leaves the firm or retires, the balance in his or her
account is paid out by the firm over a period of years. A new worker does not
have to individually pay off a retiring worker - as would be the case if a new
worker had to buy a share with the accumulated value from a retiring member.

 Id.





n372.  Ellerman & Pitegoff, supra note 363, at 455; see also Cummings, supra
note 235, at 202; Solomon & Kirgis, supra note 362, at 257-59.





n373.  See Hansen et al., Steps to Starting a Worker Co-Op, supra note 361, at
6.





n374.  See Pitegoff, supra note 362, at 48 ("In the case of worker cooperatives,
the legal work generally and the worker co-op statute in particular are
inextricably tied to local organizing."); see alsoCenter for Community Change,
Jobs, supra note 257, at 25 ("Co-ops are providing one model for the kind of
small-scale economic development that can complement an organizing agenda,
without diverting time and resources from it.").





n375.  See Cummings, supra note 235, at 189.





n376.  See Stoecker, supra note 31, at 16 ("Co-ops can be empowering,
employee-owned businesses can be empowering, and other community-controlled
economic and housing alternatives can be empowering. Developing those
alternatives cannot happen without organizing the community because those
alternatives threaten the power of capitalists and thus depend on community
cooperation and collective action.").





n377.  Some analysts have argued that the mere creation of cooperatives, by
itself, is unlikely to produce large-scale transformations in the economic
order, although their presence could provoke incremental change. See Stuart
Henry, Community Justice, Capitalist Society, and Human Agency: The Dialectics
of Collective Law in the Cooperative, 19 L. & Soc'y Rev. 303, 324 (1985)
("Alternative institutions and their associated normative orders do not work
transformations on capitalist structures and rule systems but instead interact
with them in a dialectical way such that both the alternative system and the
capitalist order are vulnerable to incremental reformulations.").





n378.  See Ellerman & Pitegoff, supra note 363, at 448 (noting that "worker
ownership has emerged as a response to plant closings and as a vehicle for
positive economic development"). The seeds of the cooperative movement appear in
diverse settings: "Workers in a plant threatened with shutdown are trying to
save their jobs by buying the company; retiring owners of small businesses are
selling to their employees rather than to outside corporate buyers; unions and
community organizations are trying to create new jobs through worker cooperative
development." Pitegoff, supra note 362, at 46.





n379.  See Center for Community Change, Saving and Creating Good Jobs: A Study
of Industrial Retention and Expansion Programs 1 (1998) (discussing the theory
behind industrial retention strategies).





n380.  See Ellerman & Pitegoff, supra note 363, at 449 (stating that, "while
some [employee buy-out] attempts have been thwarted by inadequate financing
options or by unwilling corporate sellers, others have actually been promoted by
multinational corporations in attempts to divest marginal operations without the
costs and negative publicity of plant closings").





n381.  See InterValley Project Fact Sheet (on file with author):



   The InterValley Project (IVP) is the organizing network of the Merrimack
Valley Project (MVP), the Naugatuck Valley Project (NVP), the Pioneer Valley
Project (PVP) and the Rhode Island Organizing Project (RIOP), based in Southern
New England. These four organizations are patterned after the model pioneered by
the Naugatuck Valley Project, which combines citizen action organizing and
democratic economic development - worker-owned companies, cooperative housing
and community land trusts - in regional organizations of congregations, labor
union locals, tenant, community and small business groups.

 Id.





n382.  See Galdston, supra note 32, at 3 (describing IVP's model for organizing
employee buy-outs of existing firms).





n383.  See Galdston, Regional Citizen Action, supra note 318, at 4. IVP also
established two employee-owned home health care companies, although both have
since ceased operating.





n384.  See Cummings, supra note 235, at 187; Peggie R. Smith, Organizing the
Unorganizable: Private Paid Household Workers and Approaches to Employee
Representation, 79 N.C. L. Rev. 45, 86-95 (2000).





n385.  See generally Smith, supra note 384 (discussing the barriers to
organizing domestic workers); see alsoNancy Conover, Frieda Molina & Karin
Morris, National Economic Development and Law Center, Mutual Benefit Service
Sector Cooperatives 2 (1992) (on file with author) (finding that cooperatives
"in the service sector have been effective in improving employment
opportunities, particularly for recent immigrant women with limited English
language skills," although noting that "the overwhelming majority of jobs
created have been part-time, and it has proven very difficult for most ventures
to offer fringe benefits").





n386.  Although the potential of cooperatives to stimulate grassroots action
remains unrealized, there are examples of cooperatives that have successfully
fostered political activism. For instance, in Los Angeles, members of a
cooperative established by SAJE have taken an active role in organizing
community members around lead paint abatement in low-income housing. See
Telephone Interview with Gilda Haas, Director, Strategic Actions for a Just
Economy (Oct. 30, 2001) (on file with author).





n387.  It is important to emphasize that CED lawyers advising cooperatives
typically work in interdisciplinary, grassroots contexts where they are required
to employ a number of nontraditional skills, such as meeting facilitation,
technical assistance coordination, and business planning. See Cummings, supra
note 235, at 191-92; Pitegoff, supra note 362, at 48.





n388.  See Cummings, supra note 235, at 195; David Ellerman, Workers'
Cooperatives: The Question of Legal Structure, inWorker Cooperatives in America,
supra note 361, at 258 (Robert Jackall & Henry M. Levin eds., 1984).





n389.  See generally Solomon & Kirgis, supra note 362 (analyzing selected state
cooperative statutes).





n390.  See Cummings, supra note 235, at 197, 203, 207-08.





n391.  See Solomon & Kirgis, supra note 362, at 239-77.





n392.  The Progressive Los Angeles Network's policy paper highlights the types
of benefits community organizations are seeking from publicly subsidized
businesses. According to the paper:



   14.The City should require businesses that receive public subsidies to meet
conditions and standards, including obligations to:




    - Create a minimum number of new jobs, based on the amount of the subsidy
granted and the size and potential of the project. (Moving jobs from a project
in one part of the city to a new project in another part of the city should not
count as a new job.)




    - Hire a minimum percentage of new hires from the local neighborhood and
low-income areas of the city.




    - Exceed local, state, and federal environmental requirements.




    - Not relocate out of LA for a minimum number of years.

 Progressive Los Angeles Network, supra note 306, at 8-9.





n393.  See Quinones, Redevelopment Redefined, supra note 14, at 700-07.





n394.  See id. at 710:



   [Within a project area, redevelopment agencies frequently] take property by
eminent domain for site-assembly; issue bonds without voter approval by pledging
revenue from leases, property and sales taxes, and a variety of other funding
streams as a guarantee for repayment; sell property at less than fair market
value; conduct toxic abatement; pay for infrastructure, parking, lighting,
sewers, and grading; provide direct financial assistance including outright
grants, loan guarantees, and low-interest loans; provide land use benefits such
as density bonuses and easing of other land use regulations of general
application; and encourage any sort of development or uses that it deems fit.

 Id.; see also David F. Beatty, Redevelopment, inUnderstanding Development
Regulations 171 (Robert E. Merritt & Ann R. Danforth eds., 1994) (describing
redevelopment in California as combining in a local redevelopment agency "the
powers of land assembly and site preparation for private development, the
ability to finance necessary public improvements, the authority to impose
conditions and restrictions on the quality of the development of an area, and
broad financing capabilities utilizing a variety of public and private
sources"); The National Economic Development and Law Center, Facing the Local
Redevelopment Agency, 24 Clearinghouse Rev. 1051, 1052-53 (1991) (discussing the
stages of redevelopment in California).





n395.  See, e.g., California Debt Advisory Commission, Recommended Practices for
California Redevelopment Agencies 5-14 (1995).





n396.  See Center for Community Change, Jobs,supra note 257, at 9-10.





n397.  See Center for Community Change, Job Creation and Economic Development
(1999) ("Campaigns around corporate welfare issues can provide opportunities for
significant victories, as well as organizational expansion and leadership
development. And they tend to be publicly popular because of widespread public
mistrust or unease about corporations."), at
http://www.communitychange.org/jobcreate.htm (last visited Jan. 12, 2002); see
alsoCenter for Community Change, Jobs, supra note 257, at 10-11; Greg LeRoy, No
More Candystore: States and Cities Making Job Subsidies Accountable (1994); Good
Jobs First, Good Jobs First, at http://www.goodjobsfirst.org/ gjf.htm (last
modified Jan. 7, 2002).





n398.  See, e.g., Center for Community Change, The Inner-city Worker's Center:
Campaign for a Sustainable Milwaukee, 10 Organizing: Newsl. on Jobs, Transp. &
Welfare Reform Organizing, June-July 1998 (discussing the Jobs Access Task
Force, which successfully campaigned to require living wage job creation for
low-income residents of Milwaukee in connection with the construction of a
convention center), at http://www.communitychange.org/organizing/CSM10.htm; see
also Gerald P. Lopez, Economic Development in the "Murder Capital of the
Nation," 60 Tenn. L. Rev. 685 (1993) (describing community mobilization and
legal advocacy around East Palo Alto redevelopment plans).





n399.  See Lee Romney, Community, Developers Agree on Staples Plan Deal, L.A.
Times, May 31, 2001, at A1.





n400.  See id.





n401.  See Nona Liegeois, Francisca Baxa & Barbara Corkrey, Helping Low-Income
People Get Decent Jobs: One Legal Services Program's Approach, 33 Clearinghouse
Rev. 279, 286 (1999).





n402.  See id. at 287:



   The goals of Metro Alliance and AGENDA for this project were to (1) create
and get the subsidy recipients to fund job training targeted to specific skilled
multimedia jobs; (2) secure a commitment from the studio to hire a certain
percentage or number of training program graduates; (3) attach living-wage and
good-tenant provisions to receipt of the subsidy; and (4) ensure community
participation and oversight of the city's funding of the project.

 Id.





n403.  Id. at 290; see also Center for Community Change, The Alameda Corridor
Jobs Coalition Hits a Gold Mine!, 8 Organizing: Newsl. on Jobs, Transp. &
Welfare Reform Organizing, Apr. 1998 (discussing the Alameda Corridor project, a
21-mile railway development that connects the Ports of Los Angeles and Long
Beach to rail yards just south of downtown Los Angeles, and, as a result, cuts
through several of the lowest-income neighborhoods in south Los Angeles), at
http://www.communitychange.org/ organizing/Acjc8.htm.





n404.  See Barbara Anderson, First-Source Hiring Agreements, Accountability:
Newsl. of Bus. Incentives Clearinghouse, Mar. 1999:



   First Source agreements vary in terms of program design, employer incentives,
and the range of collaborating institutions. Three features characterize First
Source programs: 1) they leverage jobs in the private sector through public
incentives; 2) they share access to timely information on job opportunities; and
3) they establish formal mechanisms for referring and placing job seekers.

 Id. at 2; William Schweke, Linking Initiatives and Employment Programs,
Accountability: Newsl. of Bus. Incentives Clearinghouse, Mar. 1999:



   Such agreements require private companies that receive public monies to agree
to use the public sector (or its designated contractors) as the "first source"
for job hires. The state or local government acts as the "job developer" on
behalf of the private firm, identifying and screening potential workers,
arranging training services, and so forth. The private company is under no
obligation to hire these workers, but must interview them before seeking any
other possible employees.

 Id. at 1.





n405.  See Center for Community Change, Jobs, supra note 257, at 12.





n406.  See id.





n407.  See Center for Community Change, What is a First Source Agreement?, at
http://www.communitychange.org/1stsource.htm (1999).





n408.  For instance, under Berkeley's First Source program:



   [the] employer retains all authority about whom to interview and all
decision-making about which applicants, if any, to hire. A firm's only
obligations to the city are to take a first look at the job candidates referred
by First Source and, if none are hired, to give feedback about why they did not
meet the employers' needs.

 Lyall & Schweke, supra note 250, at 38.





n409.  See Center for Community Change, Jobs, supra note 257, at 12.





n410.  See, e.g., Lyall & Schweke, supra note 250, at 37-38 (discussing
Berkeley's First Source, the city's "one-stop employment-referral program for
local businesses," and noting that under "one major component of First Source,
private employers make formal agreements with the city to contact the program
first whenever they have job openings available, before looking elsewhere for
job applicants"); Frieda Molina, Center for Community Change, Making
Connections: A Study of Employment Linkage Programs 19-28 (1998) (reviewing
features of employment linkage programs, including Berkeley's First Source);
ACORN, Who Is ACORN?, supra note 327, (stating that ACORN has "secured "First
Source' ordinances or agreements requiring developers to hire low-income
unemployed residents in Miami, Washington, D.C., Bridgeport, Pittsburgh, Dallas,
St. Louis, Little Rock and Des Moines").





n411.  See Liegeois et al., supra note 401, at 285 ("Drafting or reviewing
contracts, agreements, ordinances, or other documents that implement
job-creation provisions is some of the most important legal work after
information gathering and research."). Skilled draftsmanship is a critical
element in securing effective job creation agreements. For instance, the Center
for Community Change has stressed the importance of incorporating "right to
know" provisions, which require that companies file performance reports
detailing the extent of compliance with subsidy requirements, and "claw back"
clauses, which provide "that if the company fails to deliver on its application
promises, the subsidy must be paid back in its entirety." Center for Community
Change, Jobs, supra note 257, at 11.





n412.  See Liegeois et al., supra note 401, at 285.





n413.  See Brad J. Caftel, National Economic Development and Law Center,
Strategies on Workforce and Employment Development: Role of Legal Services
Programs Working with Community-Based Organizations (1999) (on file with
author).





n414.  See Liegeois et al., supra note 401, at 285, 290.





n415.  Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968, 12 U.S.C. 1701u (2001).
Although Section 3 has received heightened attention among legal services
advocates seeking to expand job opportunities for low-income workers, there are
other federal programs that contain similar employer linkages. See, e.g., Greg
Volz & Brad Caftel, Job Strategies in the Era of Welfare Reform: A
Community-Based Model of Legal Services, 33 Clearinghouse Rev. 569, 570 (2000)
("Federal economic development programs such as empowerment zones, enterprise
communities, brownfield development, and Section 3 (a provision found in the
Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968), provide either tax incentives or
require employers to hire residents from affected communities."); see alsoTse
Ming Tam & Brad Caftel, National Economic Development and Law Center, Securing
Jobs from Publicly Supported Development (1999) (on file with author) (materials
prepared from NLADA substantive law conference in Berkeley, Cal.) (mentioning
Empowerment Zones, enterprise communities, brownfields, and military base
closures as potential federal levers for job creation). Another mechanism that
advocates have identified for expanding jobs in low-income communities is the
federal CDBG Program, which contains hiring provisions for low-income people in
certain circumstances.



   Allocated on a formula basis to cities with over 50,000 population, counties
(of over 200,000) and states (for rural areas), CDBG funds can be used for
various projects that eliminate or prevent slums and blight, or primarily
benefit low and moderate income residents. CDBG projects can include housing
rehabilitation, public services and facilities, infrastructure, business finance
and commercial revitalization. When used for economic development, HUD has
interpreted the words "primarily benefit" to mean that 51% of workers hired or
retained must be lower income people.

 Center for Community Change, Jobs, supra note 257 (emphasis in original). The
Coalition for Low Income Community Development (CLICD) has created materials to
help practitioners organize poor constituencies to implement responsive CDBG
projects. SeeCoalition for Low Income Community Development, CDBG Stories: An
Organizing Manual (1993), available at http://www.clicd.org/org.





n416.  See Wendy Pollack & Dina Schlossberg, Department of Housing and Urban
Development and Section 3: Challenges and Opportunities, 33 Clearinghouse Rev.
50, 50 (1999); see alsoCenter for Community Change, Jobs, supra note 257, at 22.
See generally Brad Caftel & Arthur Haywood, Economic Development & Law Center,
Section 3's Promise: Economic Opportunities for Low-Income People (1994); Brad
Caftel & Arthur Haywood, Making Section 3 Work: Employment Training and Job
Opportunities for Low-Income People, 27 Clearinghouse Rev. 1336 (1994); Karen
Ceraso, Section 3: A Viable Solution for Job Creation?, 102 Shelterforce Online,
Nov.-Dec. 1998, at http://nhi.org/online/issues/102/sect3.html; Bennett L.
Hecht, Roger D. Solomon & Stephen Suprenant, HUD's Section 3: Creating Economic
Opportunities for Low-Income Persons by Making a Thirty Year Old Law Work, 27
Urb. Law. 39 (1995); G. Kellam Scott, Business Opportunities Through Contract
Preference Under Section 3 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968, 14
Rutgers L.J. 741 (1983).





n417.  Under the 1968 version of Section 3, "HUD did little or nothing to either
promote Section 3 or monitor its compliance. Its standards for ensuring
compliance were vague and the coverage limited as its regulations applied to
only certain HUD sources of funds ... ." Pollack & Schlossberg, supra note 416,
at 51.





n418.  Housing and Community Development of 1992, Pub. L. No. 102-550, 915-916,
106 Stat. 3672, 3878-80. Under the 1992 amendments, Congress clarified the
beneficiaries of Section 3 by targeting opportunities to low-and very-low income
persons. See Pollack & Schlossberg, supra note 416, at 53. In addition, the
amendments created an order of preference, designating which low-income persons
received priority in Section 3 training and employment opportunities. See id. at
54. The amendments also created a parallel set of priorities for allocating
contracting opportunities on Section 3 projects. Seeid.at 54-55.





n419.  HUD adopted an Interim Rule in 1994 that established key provisions,
including "safe harbor" hiring and contracting goals, supported by advocates of
public housing residents. See Pollack & Schlossberg, supra note 416, at 52. An
Unpublished Final Rule was drafted in 1998, but has not been officially
approved.





n420.  12 U.S.C. 1701u(b) (2001); see also 24 C.F.R. 135.1 (2001).





n421.  Under the regulations, a Section 3 "recipient" is defined as follows:



   Any entity which receives section 3 covered assistance, directly from HUD or
from another recipient and includes, but is not limited to, any State, unit of
local government, PHA [Public Housing Authority], IHA [Indian Housing
Authority], Indian tribe, or other public body, public or private nonprofit
organization, private agency or institution, mortgagor, developer, limited
dividend sponsor, builder, property manager, community housing development
organization, resident management corporation, resident council, or cooperative
association.

 24 C.F.R. 135.5 (2001). "Section 3 covered assistance" includes both "public
and Indian housing assistance" and "housing and community development
assistance." Id. 135.3(a). The regulations specify that Section 3 applies to all
recipients receiving public and Indian housing assistance, see id.
135.3(a)(3)(i), but only those recipients receiving over $ 200,000 in other
housing and community development program assistance, see id.
135.3(a)(3)(ii)(A).





n422.  Section 3 applies to all contractors and subcontractors on projects
receiving public and Indian housing assistance, regardless of the amount of the
contract or subcontract. See id. 135.3(a)(3)(i). Section 3 applies to
contractors and subcontractors on projects receiving other housing and community
development assistance only when the contract or subcontract exceeds $ 100,000.
See id. 135.3(a)(3)(ii)(B).





n423.  See id. 135.30.





n424.  See id. 135.5.





n425.  See id. 135.30(b)(1)(iii). Recipients of HUD community development and
other housing assistance can meet the safe harbor requirements by employing
Section 3 residents as 10% of new hires. See id. 135.30(b)(2)(i).





n426.  See id. 135.34(a).





n427.  See Pollack & Schlossberg, supra note 416, at 58 ("HUD to our knowledge
has never initiated an action against a recipient for noncompliance.").





n428.  San Francisco has a similar apprenticeship training program, and a
coalition of legal services attorneys, community organizations, and labor locals
in New York City is currently advocating for the adoption of such a program.
SeeN.Y. City Council, Comm. on Hous. & Bldgs. and Comm. on Contracts, J. Hearing
on Contracting by the N.Y. City Hous. Auth. (Apr. 26, 2001) (testimony of Paul
K. Sonn, Associate Counsel, Brennan Center for Justice at New York School of Law
). It should be noted, however, that although an increasing number of cities are
creating apprenticeship training programs, effective implementation remains an
issue. For instance, Public Counsel is currently working with a group of tenants
in East Los Angeles to ensure ongoing compliance with the Housing Authority of
the City of Los Angeles' Resident Pre-Employment, Apprenticeship and Employment
Program in a construction project that is replacing what was the largest public
housing project in the city.





n429.  See Center for Community Change, Jobs, supra note 257, at 22.





n430.  See ACORN, Jobs, at http://www.acorn.org/25-anniversary/jobs.html (on
file with author).





n431.  See Pollack & Schlossberg, supra note 416, at 59 ("The relationships
among recipients, contractors, unions, and Section 3 residents are of particular
importance to the success of Section 3.").





n432.  In describing the role of community-based groups in Section 3 advocacy,
Wendy Pollack and Dina Schlossberg note that:



   Tenant and community organizations must use their collective political power
to force the other players to apply Section 3 aggressively and creatively. For
example, a tenant organization at a public housing development that has been
awarded a HOPE (Homeownership and Opportunity for People Everywhere) VI grant to
revitalize the housing project may include as conditions of the grant the
requirement that a certain amount of supportive-service dollars be set aside for
job-training or employment-readiness assistance and a commitment that a certain
number or percentage of jobs be written into the contract with HUD. In some
locales Section 3 organizations negotiate with recipients and contractors on
behalf of residents, develop aggressive Section 3 plans, provide a job bank for
potential Section 3 opportunities, and act as the local compliance and
monitoring organization.

 Id.at 62.





n433.  Although much of the legal work involved in Section 3 advocacy -
including negotiating and drafting resident hiring programs - can properly be
characterized as transactional in nature, poverty lawyers may be called upon to
file administrative complaints and engage in other types of litigation
activities in the Section 3 context. See Pollack & Schlossberg, supra note 416,
at 62 ("If there is a lack of compliance, Section 3 residents or their
representatives may file a complaint with HUD or seek judicial relief to enforce
their rights.").





n434.  Greg Volz and Brad Caftel note:



   SEI shares the poverty-alleviation goals of traditional CED work, but,
instead of working from the inside out and relying on neighborhood resources,
SEI aims to capture employment opportunities and resources beyond the
neighborhood, where employers are most often located. The goal is to achieve a
greater impact by linking residents of poor communities to employment
opportunities in the regional or suburban labor market.

 Volz & Caftel, supra note 415, at 571.





n435.  See Foster-Bey, supra note 255, at 36::



   SEIs endeavor to identify and develop access routes to wage-adequate
employment within stable or growth industries of a regional economy rather than
by strategically investing or reforming key institutions that control access to
opportunities in particular sectors ... . A sectoral intervention would identify
the types of training required, the institutions currently providing the
training, and present levels of access for low-income workers. The intervention
would also target major employers to determine recruiting practices and assess
options for increasing their recruitment of disadvantaged workers.

 Id. (citation omitted). In describing SEI, Volz and Caftel state that:



   SEI, which helps clients make the transition from welfare to work at
living-wage jobs, is a systemic approach to community economic development (CED)
that seeks to connect residents of poor communities to employment opportunities,
livable wages and benefits, good working conditions, and advancement
opportunities. SEI works toward these goals by redirecting training resources
and education and facilitating direct linkages to employers in targeted regional
industries.

 Volz & Caftel, supra note 415, at 569-70; see alsoCenter for Community Change,
Sectoral Development Strategies, at http://www.communitychange.org/sectoral.htm
(last visited Jan. 7, 2002).





n436.  See Beth Siegel & Peter Kwass, Jobs and the Urban Poor: Publicly
Initiated Sectoral Strategies 5-7 (1995) (discussing the historical evolution of
sectoral economic development strategies); Center for Community Change, supra
note 435 (stating that, on the basis of an analysis of the state or local
economy, sectoral efforts identified key economic sectors and tailored programs
that promoted intra-sector cooperation; supported new research and development;
facilitated financing; structured employment, training, and marketing programs;
and addressed barriers to industry competitiveness); see alsoPeggy Clark &
Steven L. Dawson, Charles Stuart Mott Foundation, Jobs and the Urban Poor:
Privately Initiated Sectoral Strategies (1995); Gary Anderson, Industry
Clustering for Economic Development, Econ. Dev. Rev., Spring 1994, at 26-32 ;
Timothy Chase, A Regional Approach to Economic Development: The Illinois
Corridors of Opportunity Program, Econ. Dev. Rev., Fall 1992, at 88-90; Ernest
Sternberg, The Sectoral Cluster in Economic Development Policy: Lessons from
Rochester and Buffalo, Econ. Dev. Q. 342-56 (1991).





n437.  See Center for Community Change, supra note 435 ("Sectoral employment
strategies also begin with a strategic analysis, but the purpose is to identify
occupations and industries which have the potential to provide decent jobs to
residents of low income neighborhoods.").





n438.  Id.





n439.  See id. at 5 (stating that SEIs, in addition to placing greater numbers
of low-income people into jobs, also effects systemic change by "changing the
hiring standards or hiring practices of employers").





n440.  See Volz & Caftel, supra note 415, at 571 ("SEI promotes a collaborative
partnership among community-based organizations, industry employers, and
employment training providers, thus integrating human services, economic
development, and work-force development strategies."); see alsoSiegel & Kwass,
supra note 436, at ix.





n441.  See 29 U.S.C. 2801-2945 (2001).





n442.  See Greg Bass, Adult and Dislocated Worker Job Training Provisions of
Title I of the Workforce Investment Act of 1998: Part 1 - Federal, State, and
Local Work-Force Investment System, 33 Clearinghouse Rev. 524, 526 (2000).





n443.  See 29 U.S.C. 2832(a), (d) (2001).





n444.  See id. 2864(c)(2).





n445.  Id. 2864(d)(4)(E). Technically, the statute only provides that priority
be given to low-income individuals in areas where funds for training services
are limited. Id. The Department of Labor, however, has determined that "funding
is generally limited." 20 C.F.R. 663.600(b) (2001). Under WIA's adult training
program, workforce development services are broken down into three tiers: core
services, see 29 U.S.C. 2864(d)(2) (2001); intensive services, see id.
2864(d)(3); and training services, see id. 2864(d)(4). In order to access
intensive and training services, a job seeker must either be unemployed or
employed at a level below self-sufficiency. See id. 2864(d)(3)(A)(i)-(ii),
(d)(4)(A)(i).





n446.  See 29 U.S.C. 2864(d)(4)(F) (2001) (discussing eligible training
providers); id. 2864(d)(4)(G)(i) (discussing Individual Training Accounts
(ITAs)). Training services may be provided pursuant to contracts, instead of
ITAs, where "the local board determines that there is a training services
program of demonstrated effectiveness offered in the local area by a
community-based organization or another private organization to serve special
participant populations that face multiple barriers to employment." Id.
2864(d)(4)(G)(ii)(III).





n447.  See id. 2864(d)(4)(G)(iii):



   Training services provided under this paragraph shall be directly linked to
occupations that are in demand in the local area, or in another area to which an
adult or dislocated worker receiving such services is willing to locate, except
that a local board may approve training services for occupations determined by
the local board to be in sectors of the economy that have a high potential for
sustained demand or growth in the local area.

 Id.





n448.  In another example of SEI advocacy, the Delaware County Legal Assistance
Association in Chester, Pennsylvania, worked with several community-based
organizations to initiate an SEI program tied to WIA implementation. See Volz &
Caftel, supra note 415, at 577-78.





n449.  Volz and Caftel note:



   A legal services provider can identify community-based organizations
interested in work-force and community economic development and offer
organizational capacity-building assistance as appropriate. Such assistance may
include the following: board and staff training, especially in roles and
responsibilities and in the group decision-making process; information on
funding opportunities, available technical assistance, and other resources;
descriptions of projects being done elsewhere and different strategy and program
alternatives as an aid in project planning; and project implementation
assistance, including negotiation and preparation of contracts and agreements.

 Id. at 572.





n450.  See id. at 572 ("Through contacts and relationships, a legal services
provider can help community-based organizations gain access to both the larger
business and employment training community and to supportive institutions in the
larger community such as universities, law schools, and law firms.").


                              119 of 119 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright (c) 2005 The University of Pittsburgh Law Review
                      University of Pittsburgh Law Review

                                  Summer, 2005

                            66 U. Pitt. L. Rev. 721

LENGTH: 48760 words

ARTICLE: POVERTY AND COMMUNITARIANISM: TOWARD A COMMUNITY-BASED WELFARE SYSTEM


NAME: Michele Estrin Gilman*

BIO:



   * Associate Professor of Law and Director, Civil Advocacy Clinic, University
of Baltimore School of Law. B.A. 1990, Duke University; J.D. 1993, University of
Michigan Law School. I would like to thank Leigh Goodmark, Neil Gilman, Audrey
McFarlane, Ngai Pindell, Robert Rubinson, Dana Shoenberg, Jim Kelly, and the
participants in workshops at the AALS Conference on Clinical Legal Education and
the Mid-Atlantic Clinical Theory Conference for their comments on drafts of this
article.




HIGHLIGHT:
This Article analyzes how communitarian political theory addresses poverty and
impacts American social welfare programs. For several decades, communitarian and
liberal philosophers have debated over how best to achieve justice through their
competing notions of personhood. Whereas liberal theorists stress the values of
individual autonomy and state neutrality, communitarians assert that people are
socially constituted and that liberalism therefore pays too little attention to
the value of community. Yet despite their attempts to articulate a superior form
of justice, communitarian theorists either ignore or misunderstand issues
related to poverty, as this Article explains. Nevertheless, their insights are
helpful in thinking about combating inequity. Not only does communitarian theory
support collective responsibility for alleviating economic injustice, but it
also provides a framework for moving away from individual blame as an
explanation for poverty. Current welfare law is based on the idea that
individual behavior and choices cause poverty. As a result, welfare recipients
are required to work without adequate social and economic supports to enable
self-sufficiency, and most remain mired in poverty. By contrast, this Article
describes an alternative, pragmatic vision for welfare that builds upon the
social capital that exists within distressed urban communities as a way to
improve individual outcomes.

TEXT:
 [*723]

   Introduction


   In recent years, liberal and communitarian political theorists have battled
over whether justice is best achieved through individual autonomy or through
collective values. While liberals believe that human dignity is fostered when
people select their own ends, communitarians counter that autonomy is a myth
given the communal connections that encumber us and make us who we are. These
heated intellectual debates have spilled beyond the walls of academia and seeped
into the political arena, as communitarians have sought to claim a middle-ground
between the political right and left and to temper rights-based rhetoric by
offering an alternative based on shared moral values and joint responsibilities.
A small, but vocal, political movement of communitarians has published a
platform to focus public debates on "the social side of human nature; the
responsibilities that must be borne by citizens, individually and collectively,
in a regime of rights; [and] the fragile ecology of families and their
supporting communities." n1 Although communitarians claim to articulate  [*724]
a superior form of justice, they have largely overlooked the poor. By contrast,
liberalism-as practiced by both those on the political left and right-has long
been concerned with whether and how to alleviate poverty and injustice. n2


   Nevertheless, communitarian theory offers helpful insights into thinking
about poverty and welfare. Under the current welfare law, enacted in 1996,
thousands of families have been pushed off of public assistance and into
unemployment or a low- paid workforce that strands them in poverty. It is time
to think about welfare from a new perspective, and communitarianism provides one
way to do that. Rather than making the individual the locus of blame and reform
as current welfare law does, a community-based welfare system would seize upon
the substantial reserves of social capital that exist within distressed
neighborhoods to improve individual outcomes. While we currently ask the poor to
work in exchange for welfare benefits, we do not reciprocate in turn by
providing the needed supports that make work possible, such as child care,
education, and transportation.


   The communitarian conception of individuals as socially constituted holds out
hope for a more holistic, and less reproachful, approach to social welfare
policies. Our welfare policies have long been marked by a divide between the
so-called deserving and undeserving and tailored in line with these moral
judgments. Categories of persons deemed deserving-such as the elderly, disabled,
and children- receive social insurance with no shame attached. By contrast,
undeserving persons, a category that now includes any able-bodied adult, parent
or otherwise, receive stingy and stigmatized welfare payments. Currently, to
receive welfare payments under the Temporary Assistance to Needy Families
program (TANF), recipients must work, as well as conform their behavior to
prescribed values, and they cannot receive benefits for more than five years in
a lifetime. n3 The theoretical underpinning  [*725]  of TANF is that personal
character flaws cause poverty. Yet, if selfhood is shaped by communal
connections, as communitarians maintain, it is clear that many persons deemed
"undeserving" are not poor because of personal shortcomings, but rather, are
subject to structural economic and demographic forces that have shaped their
communities and that limit their range of options and influence their choices.
Communitarians have not seized upon this insight; to the contrary, they appear
to blame the poor for their plight. n4 For instance, the communitarian platform
states that every community member has an obligation to perform "honorable
work," n5 thereby implying that anyone who does not perform such work is
dishonorable and ignoring the economic reality that there simply are not enough
jobs for everyone who wants one.


   In urging us to forge a model of social good that predominates over
rights-based discourse, communitarianism also raises the possibility that one
moral imperative could be the eradication of poverty. Yet, communitarian
thinkers have never seized on this prospect. Although communitarianism has been
widely applied as an analytic framework in a variety of contexts, n6 its
implications for poverty law and policy have not been closely examined. This may
be due in part to a communitarian neglect of, and overall disinterest in,
[*726]  social welfare issues. For a philosophy striving to articulate a
superior method of achieving justice, communitarian thinkers have been strangely
silent about rectifying the status of the poor. Unlike liberals, communitarians
are not concerned with whether redistribution of wealth is a proper goal of the
state. n7 Instead, when communitarians address their normative goals, they tend
to be concerned with reviving or creating shared moral obligations. When
communitarians do discuss poverty, they tend to identify the many consequences
of poverty-from crime to poor education to failing families-as causes of
societal breakdown, rather than as symptoms. For communitarians, the
consequences of poverty are often deemed repairable by a healthy dose of strong
morals and deep community bonds; material assistance is generally not the
preferred solution. To the contrary, some communitarians (like many of today's
conservatives) blame material assistance for creating dependency among welfare
recipients, who supposedly lack self-sufficiency and dignity as a result.
Perhaps communitarians marginalize the problems of the poor because certain
aspects of distressed communities undermine the rosy conceptions of community
painted by communitarians, who tend to romanticize the mythical small-town
America of yesteryear. Perhaps this marginalization results from the profound
theoretical challenges the poor present to communitarian theory. n8


   Despite the communitarian neglect of poverty as a theoretical concern,
communitarian principles have slowly seeped into our social welfare regime.
Prior to TANF's enactment in 1996, the Aid to Families with Dependent Children
(AFDC) program provided checks to welfare families based on objective
eligibility criteria, and thus, reflected the classic liberal idea (albeit
imperfectly realized) of providing people with enough material assistance to
enable them to pursue their own objectives. n9 By contrast, TANF's devolution of
authority to local governments, private entities, and religious organizations;
its emphasis on molding the behavior of the poor to conform to prescribed
values; and its requirement of work as a reciprocal commitment owed by the
[*727]  poor to society, all have communitarian overtones. Communitarianism is
suffused with themes of reciprocity, shared moral values, and the importance of
mediating institutions such as schools, churches, and voluntary associations to
fostering civic engagement. The influence of communitarianism on TANF may be due
to the fact that the political implications of communitarianism are conservative
in character. n10 However, communitarianism need not necessarily lead to
conservative policies, and some of its principal proponents are certainly
embarrassed at the current, miserly state of American welfare policies.
Unfortunately, Republicans have seized upon the malleability of communitarian
discourse to make their anti-welfare policy prescriptions more palatable to the
public, while Democrats have tried to mask their retreat from the poor with
communitarian rhetoric. n11 Given the seeming impact of communitarianism on
poverty policies, the debate between liberalism and communitarianism is much
more than an ivory tower exercise; it is relevant for anyone concerned about
poverty.


   Part I of this Article summarizes the tenets of communitarian political
theory and the theory's inattention to issues of poverty. This Part explains
that although TANF is imbued with communitarian rhetoric, it reflects a "thin"
version of communitarianism that stresses the obligations the poor have to
society, without any reciprocal notions of how society shapes and constrains the
options available to the poor. At the same time, TANF's focus on reforming the
behavior and structure of poor families looks like communitarianism at its most
moralistic and authoritarian, the grounds on which communitarianism is most
vulnerable to attack by supporters of liberalism.

     [*728]

   Part II analyzes the major works of three of the most prominent American
communitarians, Michael Walzer, n12 Michael Sandel, n13 and Amitai Etzioni, n14
in order to trace the roots of the reigning "thin" conception of community that
seems to underlie both communitarian theory and its resultant incorporation into
welfare law. Both Walzer and Sandel are political theorists who are concerned
about inequities in American society (for different reasons), and each has
insights that could be helpful to combating poverty. Walzer has an egalitarian
vision of justice that calls for de-linking money from access to social
institutions, while Sandel advocates for a renewed civic republicanism that
requires shoring up community institutions. However, neither theorist has a rich
conception of community that goes beyond seeing individuals as
socially-constituted to consider how that process affects and constrains the
poor. Walzer urges us to distribute social goods in line with society's shared
understandings, but ignores the fact that marginalized groups have little role
in shaping those understandings. Sandel emphasizes a renewed civic polity, but
never addresses the barriers to political participation faced by poor
communities. Etzioni is a sociologist and founder of the communitarian political
movement. He advocates for a balance between rights and responsibilities as a
way of correcting the excesses of American individualism. He, too, emphasizes
the obligations the poor owe to society, but, like his more theoretical
colleagues, does not develop a sophisticated vision of what society might owe
the poor.


   Accordingly, Part III suggests how a "thicker" version of community would not
only enhance communitarian theory, but also result in more effective
anti-poverty policies that build upon social capital in poor communities, rather
than focusing simply on these neighborhoods' deficits. By examining four
different ethnographic studies of urban poverty, this Part suggests that welfare
reformers have largely ignored the social capital that exists even in extremely
distressed neighborhoods. This article focuses on urban, African-American
neighborhoods marked by concentrated poverty, because stereotypes about these
neighborhoods and their residents were the impetus for and targets of welfare
reform, and welfare reform was debated in  [*729]  race-conscious terms. n15
Part IV suggests that welfare programs should respond to and be structured
around communities, rather than focus solely on individual reform. This Part
then sketches out a pragmatic vision of what a community-based social welfare
policy would look like. The Article concludes that although communitarian
thinkers have failed to grapple meaningfully with issues of poverty,
communitarianism has the potential to broaden our response to poverty and to
reform welfare in a way that could reinvigorate distressed communities without
punishing their residents.


   I. The Communitarian Response to Liberalism


   In order to understand the communitarian critique, it is necessary to have
some general understanding of what has triggered the ire of communitarian
thinkers, namely, liberal political theory. The communitarian response to
liberalism was galvanized by John Rawls's articulation of the liberal position
in his book, A Theory of Justice. The impact of this book on political theory
cannot be understated; it "established the terrain upon which subsequent
political-theoretical battles were to be fought." n16 Accordingly, this section
briefly summarizes the core of Rawls's theory, especially as it pertains to
welfare issues. It then summarizes the communitarian critique of Rawls to
highlight the essential differences between the two conceptions of justice.


   A. The Liberalism of John Rawls


   In A Theory of Justice, John Rawls attempts to articulate the moral
principles that should govern a just society. To do so, he hypothesizes a group
of free, rational, and equal people building a just society from scratch and the
principles to which they would agree. n17 People in this "original position" are
[*730]  denied certain information about themselves. For instance, they do not
know their places in society, their social classes, their talents or abilities,
or even their personal beliefs as to how they should lead their lives. n18 This
"veil of ignorance" ensures fairness in the negotiating process; that is,
lacking information about inequalities, individuals cannot contract for their
own advantage because they simply do not know what arrangement would benefit
them. Moreover, the veil of ignorance ensures that parties in the original
position will agree to principles that will protect them if they turn out to be
at the bottom of the social ladder. n19


   As a first principle, Rawls concludes that parties in the original position
would prioritize liberty above all other principles. n20 The basic liberties
Rawls has in mind include "political liberty (the right to vote and to be
eligible for public office) together with freedom of speech and assembly;
liberty of conscience and freedom of thought; freedom of the person along with
the right to hold (personal) property; and freedom from arbitrary arrest and
seizure as defined by the concept of the rule of law." n21 Rawls also considers
dignity to be a primary social good, and one that is fostered by his principles
of justice. Thus, parties in the original position would do anything to avoid
social conditions that undermine self-respect. n22 Dignity is important because
without it, "nothing may seem worth doing, or if some things have value for us,
we lack the will to strive for them." n23 Rawls thus argues that each individual
has an inviolable dignity that should never be sacrificed for the welfare of
society as a whole. As a result, the state must provide individuals with some
minimal level of subsistence so that they can live fully human lives. n24


   Rawls's second principle of justice addresses issues of equality. According
to the second principle, social and economic inequalities must operate to the
greatest benefit of the least-advantaged (the difference principle) and offices
and positions must be open to all under conditions of  [*731]  fair opportunity
(equal opportunity). The latter principle has priority over the former. Taken
together, the two principles mean that "[a]ll social primary goods- liberty and
opportunity, income and wealth, and the bases of self-respect-are to be
distributed equally unless an unequal distribution of any or all of these goods
is to the advantage of the least favored." n25


   Notably absent from the principles of justice is a substantive vision of how
people should live their lives. To the contrary, Rawls places the right before
the good. n26 In other words, people are free to pursue their own idea of the
good life within the framework of the principles of justice. No particular way
of life is deemed superior to another, and the vision allows for a plurality and
diversity of ends. By placing the right before the good, Rawls situates
individuals at the center of moral and political theory. The principles of
justice give individuals room to "frame, revise, and rationally to pursue" their
own visions of the good. n27 Not surprisingly, then, the state must be neutral
to allow individuals to pursue their own ends and should not endorse any
particular conception of the good life. n28 For Rawls, society is a system of
mutual cooperation among individuals. As Rawls says, "a society is a more or
less self-sufficient association of persons who in their relations to one
another recognize certain rules of conduct as binding and who for the most part
act in accordance with them." n29 As a voluntary association of individuals,
society is one of the many "goods" people can either pursue or retreat from if
they so choose.


   Unlike much of liberal and communitarian thought, Rawls is concerned with the
plight of the disadvantaged, although he leaves this category ill- defined. n30
In addition to the equality principles noted above, Rawls asserts that people do
not have a claim to the economic status they are born into or even their
personal social endowments, such as intelligence or musical talent. In the
parlance of political theory, this means that people are not entitled to their
dessert. Rawls posits that these assets are no more than the result of
happenstance and luck, and that therefore society has a claim to use such assets
for the larger good. For Rawls, personal character "depends in large  [*732]
part upon fortunate family and social circumstances for which [a person] can
claim no credit." n31 Individuals must share their good fortune, either innate
or inherited, with the larger society, so that the less-fortunate are on equal
footing and better able to pursue their own individual ends. The ultimate goal
is not enhancement of society as a group entity, but of individuals who operate
within society.


   Although Rawls is sympathetic towards the disadvantaged, scholars have
struggled to apply his principles of justice to our social welfare system, due
to their level of abstraction, their internal inconsistencies, and because Rawls
does not seem to endorse the extreme consequences that some of his principles
would compel. n32 Notably, communitarians do not really engage Rawls either on
the distribution or fair opportunity principles, those aspects of Rawlsian
theory that most impact social welfare. n33 Instead, they focus their energies
on countering his conception of personhood as both inaccurate and undesirable.
The communitarian approach thus actually coincides with our societal
appropriation of Rawlsian liberalism. We do not live in the egalitarian state
envisioned by Rawls; rather, "[o]ur current liberal state [is] structured by
negative and atomistic rights, and committed to securing the minimal
preconditions of participation . . . in a free society." n34 While Rawls's
emphasis on the autonomous individual is one that dominates our current
political and legal thought, Rawls's equality principles have not been realized.
So, in this sense, communitarians are aiming their ammunition at the aspect
[*733]  of liberalism most apparent in our societal arrangements. n35 They are
aiming at "liberalism's defects and excesses." n36


   B. The Communitarian Position


   Communitarians lament the liberal emphasis on individual rights and blame our
rampant individualism for a long list of societal woes. For instance, Michael
Sandel asserts that Americans are beset by widespread malaise and alienation
because "we are losing control of the forces that govern our lives. . . . [and]
the moral fabric of community is unraveling around us." n37 Mary Ann Glendon
echoes these concerns, stating that our obsession with defining and enforcing
individual rights "promotes unrealistic expectations, heightens social conflict,
and inhibits dialogue that might lead toward consensus." n38 Charles Taylor
declares that the Western emphasis on individualism has led to a consumer
society that results in "the meaningless subordination of work; the mindless
lack of control of priorities; above all the fetishization of commodities." n39
For Taylor, liberalism results in people who are far less in control of their
lives than the dominant ideology would suggest. n40 The cure proposed by these
and like-minded critics is a return to a civil society, undergirded by a
commitment to a substantive set of moral values-the precise content of which
communitarian minds debate.


   As noted earlier, liberal theory hinges on the autonomy of the individual and
the neutrality of the state. It pointedly does not concern the relation of the
individual to communal groupings or the particular, substantive ends that people
should pursue. By contrast, these are the core concerns of  [*734]
communitarians, who view community, rather than liberty, as the primary value in
society. For communitarians, it is wrong to conceive of individuals as
unconnected and autonomous from their communities. n41 "Man is a social animal,
indeed a political animal, because he is not self-sufficient alone, and in an
important sense is not self-sufficient outside a polis." n42 Communitarians
claim that the atomized view simply does not represent our real-life experience;
it does not "make sense of our moral experience, because it cannot account for
certain moral and political obligations that we commonly recognize, even prize."
n43 In the communitarian vision, individual identity is derived from the complex
web of human relationships and dependencies that constitute community, such as
family, religion, and ethnic origin. So deep are these connections that it may
be difficult, if not impossible, for people to separate themselves from them-or
even to conceive of themselves apart from them. n44


   Because individuals are constituted and encumbered by their social
attachments, they simply cannot be unmoored from their social contexts. For
communitarians, our self-understandings are acquired from the "communities of
culture and language that [we] create, maintain, and inhabit." n45 Alisdair
MacIntyre explains these connections as follows: "I inherit from the past of my
family, my city, my tribe, my nation, a variety of debts, inheritances, rightful
expectations and obligations. These constitute the given of my life, my moral
starting point." n46 This does not mean that individuals lack any  [*735]
autonomy whatsoever. To the contrary, an individual is "always open, indeed
vulnerable, to growth and transformation in the light of revised self-
understandings." n47 Or, put differently, just because we are socially
constituted, does not mean we have to accept the "moral limitations of the
particularity of those forms of community." n48 The reality is simply that
although individuals can grow, change, and make choices, they do so against a
background of values inherited from their communal experiences.


   This concept of the socially constituted self leads communitarians to three
major conclusions (although not all communitarians adhere to each of them). n49
First, communitarians contend that because we are products of our particular
communities, it is a mistake to try to derive and strive for universal
principles of justice. Rather, such principles should be molded from common
traditions and shared understandings of members in particular communities. This
is not to say that community values always prevail. Communitarians attempt to
distance themselves from the majoritarian or authoritarian implications of a
community- centered philosophy. Rather, their insight is that people are
products of community, including the reality that sometimes this can be a bad
thing. Accordingly, they seek to encourage the growth and strengthening of
"good" communities that foster specific, substantive values. n50


   Second, communitarians assert that pursuit of a common good allows us to live
more fulfilling lives than the pursuit of individual interests. Communitarians
contend that real people, those encumbered by communal connections, simply
cannot be the autonomous free-choosers posited by liberalism. Choices are
constrained by values that are generated and reinforced in communities. Thus,
individuals should not be the focus of moral theory; rather, the focus should be
on communities, where morals are defined. In turn, this gives a heightened
importance to mediating institutions, such as schools, churches, labor
organizations, neighborhood associations, and the like-those social groupings
that stand between the individual and the state and provide people with both a
buffer from state coercion and a source of moral guidance. It also means that
the state has some role in supporting these  [*736]  sorts of institutions. For
communitarians, the strength of mediating institutions is a bulwark against
oppression, as they disperse power and involve citizens in a politics of the
common good. n51


   Third, communitarians reject the liberal philosophy of putting the right
before the good. They place the good before the right. In so doing, they reject
the notion of the atomistic self as not only unrealistic, but also normatively
unpalatable. As Michael Walzer states, "[i]t generates a radical individualism
and then a radical competition among self-seeking individuals." n52 Rawls
contends that the state should separate moral issues from political debates. n53
By contrast, communitarians contend that "rights depend for their justification
on the moral importance of the ends they serve." n54 As they see it, the state
does not need to be neutral if there are things we can and should agree on. Not
surprisingly, there is a strong strand of civic republicanism that runs
throughout communitarian thinking. Meaningful participation in political life is
one dominant vision of the "good." n55 Communitarians also stress a long list of
other civic virtues, such as reciprocity, trust, tradition, solidarity, and
interdependence. n56


   C. The Communitarian Influence in Social Welfare


   TANF reflects these communitarian ideals in three major ways: (1) by
endorsing reciprocity over rights; (2) by attempting to shape the behavior of
welfare recipients to conform with notions of the common good; and (3) by
devolving authority over welfare to the state and local governmental levels, as
well as to mediating institutions, such as private for-profit, non-profit, and
religious entities.

     [*737]

   1. Reciprocity


   To begin with, TANF stresses the "good" of reciprocity over the "right" to a
categorical entitlement. AFDC provided open-ended federal funding for welfare
and a guarantee of assistance to all eligible persons. It was an entitlement,
and thus reflected liberal ideals. n57 By contrast, under TANF, states receive
fixed block grants to deliver welfare; the size of the block grant is based upon
AFDC expenditures in 1994. The statute expressly states that TANF benefits are
not an entitlement. n58 Indeed, states do not have to provide cash assistance at
all with their block grant funds; rather, they may use TANF funding in any
manner "reasonably calculated to accomplish the purpose of [TANF]." n59 The
stated purposes of the TANF program are to reduce welfare dependency and out-of-
wedlock births and to encourage the formation of two-parent families. n60


   The theme of reciprocity is manifested in TANF's work requirements. In the
1980s, conservative scholars began to vigorously attack welfare as the source of
a weakened work ethic among the poor, as well as a variety of social
pathologies. n61 By contrast, work led to "social functioning" and engagement in
the social contract. Both Republicans and Democrats quickly seized upon the
notion of work as a basic American value and necessary to social citizenship.
n62 For instance, David Ellwood, an Assistant Secretary of Health and Human
Services under President Clinton, argued that welfare was a failure and that the
American ideal was "a guarantee that people who strive and who meet reasonable
social responsibilities will be able to achieve at least a modest level of
dignity and security." n63 TANF embodies these notions  [*738]  (although it
takes the work requirements to a punitive level not endorsed by Ellwood and many
other Democrats n64 ).


   Although states have great flexibility in designing their own welfare
programs, they must adhere to the federal requirement that all TANF recipients
engage in "work activity" within two years of getting benefits n65 and are
subject to a five-year lifetime limit on the receipt of benefits. n66 States can
choose to shorten these maximum time limits, and indeed, twenty states have a
lifetime limit that is shorter than five years. n67 Failure to comply with
TANF's work requirements results in sanctions that reduce or eliminate benefits.
n68 The TANF work requirements mean that single-mothers-the primary recipients
of welfare benefits-must work outside the home. n69 By contrast, under TANF,
women who marry are permitted to work inside the home. n70


   2. Incentives to Change Behavior


   This marriage incentive is one of the many ways in which TANF aims to shape
the behavior of poor, single women to conform to patriarchal notions of the
common good. There are other behavioral modification mechanisms. For instance,
under TANF, minor parents (those under eighteen) are denied benefits unless they
live with an adult and attend school or another approved training program. n71
Also, states must reduce a family's benefits by twenty-five  [*739]  percent if
the mother fails to establish the paternity of her children born out of wedlock.
n72 In addition, states can choose to deny benefits to children born while their
family is receiving benefits, n73 to sanction families that include adults under
age fifty-one who neither have, nor are seeking, a high school diploma, n74 to
declare noncitizens ineligible for assistance n75 or to cut benefits to families
with truant children. n76 To effectuate the massive shift in expectations
mandated by TANF, all states require welfare recipients to sign either personal
responsibility contracts or employability plans, and some states require both.
n77 Personal responsibility contracts hold recipients to a variety of
commitments, such as participation in work activities, child and/or minor parent
school attendance, cooperation with child support enforcement requirements,
child immunization or preventive health measures, participation in life skills
or parenting training, substance abuse provisions, and agreements to achieve
self-sufficiency within a set time period.


   3. Mediating Institutions


   The communitarian emphasis on local collectives is manifested in TANF's
devolution of authority to administer welfare from the federal government down
to the states and local governments. Proponents of devolution argue that it
allows the states to become laboratories for innovation and efficiency, to craft
policies that best meet the needs of their distinct populations, and to better
mobilize community resources. TANF also allows  [*740]  for a second-level of
devolution from the states to private non-profit, for-profit, or religious
entities. n78 The privatization of welfare is fueled by dissatisfaction with the
bureaucratic nature of government-run welfare offices and a perception that
private entities are cheaper, more innovative, and more efficient. In addition,
some advocates claim that privatization can be a democratizing force that shifts
power from the government to local communities and their mediating institutions,
such as churches, neighborhoods, and voluntary organizations, which are better
situated to address a community's needs. n79 Under TANF's charitable choice
provision, governments can pay religious organizations such as churches,
synagogues, and mosques to deliver welfare services. Charitable choice is
founded on the idea, albeit empirically unproven, that a spiritual approach to
solving social problems is superior to a secular one. It thus enhances the role
of religious organizations in solving our public problems.


   4. Community Values and Communitarian Politics


   TANF is also arguably communitarian in that it reflects "[c]ommunity
expectations and values" n80 of the "mainstream" public, which became
disillusioned with the dependency AFDC seemed to foster, as well as a perceived
breakdown in family values among the poor. For that reason, some communitarians
might view TANF as a legislative expression of the public will. n81 This raises
some of the liberal critiques of communitarian theory. Progressive liberals
might counter that we should not endorse laws that are based on misperceptions
and inaccuracies n82 that impose the will of the majority on a politically
powerless minority, and that leave little room for individual rights.
Communitarians have paid scant attention to issues surrounding welfare, and
thus, they have not articulated a response to this critique.

     [*741]

   It goes too far to say that communitarians constitute a powerful political
block that seized control over the political process that reformed welfare. Yet
communitarianism provided much of the language and rhetoric that allowed
conservatives to dramatically cut welfare supports, while providing cover for
Democrats to claim that they were restoring dignity to the poor. In particular,
President Clinton was very influenced by communitarian thinking in shaping his
centrist Third Way and his pledge to "end welfare as we know it," and he
appointed several self-identified communitarians to prominent government posts.
n83 Despite disagreements about the level of support that should be provided to
welfare recipients, both conservatives and liberals focused "public attention on
the qualities that distinguish the stereotypical welfare recipient from the
mainstream," and they were thus able to "shift the emphasis of public discourse
away from poverty, to the deviant behavior of recipients." n84 In addition to
stressing the moral depravity of the poor, welfare reformers utilized
communitarian notions about social citizenship and family values that made the
punitive provisions in TANF palatable across the political spectrum.


   D. An Assessment of TANF


   Because TANF reflects some communitarian influence, one possible way to ask
whether communitarianism is good for the poor would be to ask whether TANF has
been a success. By this measure, communitarianism is an abysmal failure,
particularly if we conceive of TANF as our communal commitment as a nation to
our most disadvantaged citizens. Under TANF, the numbers of people on welfare
have dropped dramatically; there are half as many people on welfare today as
there were in 1996. n85 Despite these  [*742]  encouraging numbers, the actual
living situations of most current and former welfare recipients are bleak,
because most people who leave welfare remain below the poverty line, while
others are unemployed and disconnected from the welfare system. n86 Many former
welfare recipients are working in low-wage jobs with few benefits and are no
longer receiving food stamps or Medicaid coverage, even where eligible. n87
Often, income gains from employment are reduced by the loss of public benefits
and are eaten up by the very costs of working-child care, transportation,
uniforms, and the like. Slightly under half of welfare leavers are working, n88
and, of those, sixty percent remain below the poverty line. n89 Up to a third of
those who leave welfare for work are back on welfare within a year, unable to
procure steady work or reliable childcare. n90 Moreover, about forty-five
percent of families who are eligible for TANF are not receiving it, meaning that
"many, if not most, poor families are disconnected from the welfare system." n91
Some of these families are discouraged from applying for benefits, many are
sanctioned (often incorrectly) for failing to meet program requirements, and
others simply disappear from the system. n92 In addition, there is a core of
TANF recipients who face severe barriers to work, such as illiteracy, lack of
education, physical and mental health problems, domestic violence, or drug or
alcohol  [*743]  dependency. n93 These families face statutory time limits with
no clear policy approaches for dealing with or removing these barriers.


   In assessing the effects of TANF, it is also important to consider the non-
economic aspects of family well-being. After all, TANF's express purposes are to
foster family formation by increasing marriage in order to improve the
well-being of children, who constitute the majority of welfare recipients.
Accordingly, in addition to the work requirements, TANF allows states to provide
a variety of social services to low-income families (a group broader than
welfare recipients), including job training, child care, and transportation, as
well as services related to mental health and substance abuse, family planning,
parenting education, and domestic violence. n94 Research concerning the impact
of TANF on child welfare is limited and inconclusive because of the complexity
of isolating causality. n95 Overall, studies reveal that TANF has not had a
significant influence one way or the other on children in families that receive
welfare, although there are some troubling indicators for teenagers. n96
Children in families that receive welfare and in families that have left welfare
are both at risk for poor development outcomes, and "there have been no major
shifts in well-being for either group." n97


   Although there is little research on the impact of TANF on child
maltreatment, some studies have suggested that reductions in welfare benefits
are linked to increased entry into the child welfare system, particularly if the
mother does not obtain subsequent employment. n98 Studies have also shown
[*744]  that rates of neglect increase as the share of single working mothers
increase, and, conversely, that states with more generous welfare benefits have
lower numbers of neglect cases. n99 Not surprisingly, poor families do better in
jurisdictions with more work support services, such as job training, health
insurance, income supplements, and subsidized child care. n100 Anecdotal surveys
of child welfare officials reveal that some states have seen an increase in
neglect cases based on inadequate supervision; one state reported a 150%
increase in the number of such cases. n101 Moreover, several of these state
officials report that more parents were turning their children over to the child
welfare system or delaying reunification with their children in foster care.
n102 These studies raise concerns about the possible impact of TANF, although
the evidence to date is inconclusive.


   TANF also has not achieved significant progress in increasing marriage rates
or reducing single-parent families, the express purposes of the Act. For
instance, there is no statistically significant link between TANF and the
reduction in teenage parenthood. Although teenage birth rates are falling, they
began decreasing before TANF, and seem to be neither harmed nor helped by
welfare reform. n103 In contrast to the positive decrease in teenage birth
rates, post-TANF birthrates among single women between the ages of eighteen and
twenty-nine have actually risen. n104 Marriage rates are up for some low-income
groups and down for others, but the proportion of married women overall
continues to decline. n105 Thus, researchers have concluded that TANF has
achieved "mixed progress on family structure objectives." n106 Moreover, it is
clear that the work objectives and the family objectives of TANF often conflict,
making it difficult for states or families to achieve significant improvements
in both areas simultaneously.


   Yet this bleak picture does not mean that communitarianism is bad for the
poor, because TANF is far from a fully-realized version of communitarianism.
Despite its stated norms of reciprocity and family values, and despite its
[*745]  reliance on communal organizations to deliver welfare, TANF still
focuses relentlessly on its version of the moral improvement of individuals. It
provides little for improvement of the communities in which poor people live. It
thus "denies the embeddedness of all individuals in the wider society and their
reliance on it" n107 in a manner inconsistent with communitarianism.


   E. The Causes of Poverty


   TANF's theoretical foundation is that individual choices cause poverty, in
particular, the individual choices of African-American residents of inner city
neighborhoods marked by concentrated poverty. Although African-Americans only
account for one-quarter of the poverty population, n108 and although few welfare
recipients have lifelong dependency on welfare, the dialogue and debate
surrounding welfare reform centered on a culture of pathology among inner-city
African-Americans. In the 1980s, conservative critics of welfare focused on a
culture of poverty within the urban underclass and claimed that welfare induced
laziness, dependency, promiscuity, immorality, and deviancy among recipients.
n109 These theorists maintained that the inner-cities are plagued by a deviant
counter-culture that rejects mainstream values. n110 The media and politicians
picked up on these cultural explanations for poverty, and began demonizing the
"welfare queen," a term popularized by President Reagan, which referred to a
"woman of color who manipulates and exploits the welfare system, scorns lasting
or legalized relationships with men, and has a series of children out of wedlock
in order to continue her welfare eligibility." n111 The welfare queen was a
member of the "underclass," which was viewed as "a mysterious wilderness in the
heart of  [*746]  America's cities; a terrain of violence and despair" n112
marked by drugs, crime, teenage pregnancy, high unemployment, and welfare. n113
The welfare queen subsequently became a frequent target during the racially
tinged debates over welfare reform in the 1990s. n114


   While the problems associated with poverty are real and serious, TANF creates
inadequate solutions because the legislation was built on a series of myths.
n115 For instance, TANF is a response to perceived welfare dependency, yet only
a small minority of AFDC recipients stayed on welfare for more than six years.
n116 Most welfare recipients use welfare for a short-term spell, or cycle on and
off for short periods as economic circumstances dictate. n117 TANF also assumes
a culture of poverty that is passed from generation to generation, and that is
marked by promiscuity and large families; these claims are likewise false. n118
Moreover, TANF is founded on the simplistic notion that refusal to work is the
reason for poverty, when, in truth, millions of full-time  [*747]  workers do
not earn enough to lift themselves out of poverty and there are not enough jobs
available for everyone who needs one. n119 As opposed to the stereotype of the
welfare queen, most welfare recipients show adherence to a work ethic; indeed,
they have long worked part-time and/or earned unreported income in order to meet
basic expenses. n120 In-depth surveys reveal that inner- city residents share
the values of hard work and the aspirations of mainstream society, although a
lack of education and jobs make it much harder for some urban poor to put these
values into practice. n121 Moreover, social problems identified with and blamed
on the underclass-such as a rise in single-parenting, crime, and drugs-cut
across all economic classes. n122


   The cultural explanation of poverty is founded on conjecture masquerading as
common sense, but it has no empirical support. n123 Nevertheless, it has had
remarkable staying power because it demands less from government and it appeals
to the economically insecure middle class. n124 By contrast, the real causes of
poverty are far more complex. To begin with, an amalgamation of economic and
demographic factors contribute to poverty, including declining labor market
opportunities, the erosion of the minimum wage and low-wage income,
deindustrialization, technological changes in the economy, globalization, the
decline of unions, and the increased use of contingent workers who are low-wage,
part-time, and lack benefits. n125  [*748]  William Julius Wilson explains
concentrated urban poverty among African-Americans by pointing to the
transformation of the urban economy that moved high-paying jobs for manual
workers out of the inner-cities, leaving only low-paid service jobs behind and a
growing nonworking class of black men. n126 High unemployment rates among black
men led to low marriage rates and concurrent increases in single motherhood.
These economic shifts also created an outward movement of middle-class blacks
from ghetto neighborhoods, with an accompanying loss of role models, contacts to
mainstream society, and linkages to employment opportunities. Of course,
personal behavior and bad personal choices also contribute to poverty, but "it
is difficult to find behavior that is not somehow related to the inherited
conditions of being poorly parented, poorly educated, poorly housed in
neighborhoods from which no distant horizon of possibility can be seen." n127 As
Wilson explains, negative cultural attitudes associated with poverty result from
a lack of opportunity, they do not create it. n128


   Concentrated poverty among inner-city African-Americans not only results from
economic shifts over the last thirty years, but is also the direct result of
governmental policies that served to isolate and segregate these communities
from the rest of the urban and regional environment, as Douglas Massey and Nancy
Denton have shown. n129 Following World War II, the white middle-class left the
inner cities for suburban homes subsidized by federally-underwritten mortgages
and on highways built with federal funds. n130 African-  [*749]  Americans were
trapped within inner-cities when the federal government and private banks
redlined minority neighborhoods and refused to provide them with mortgages. n131
Moreover, the location of the highways destroyed many viable low-income
communities, and created physical barriers within cities that separated poor
neighborhoods from central business districts. n132 In turn, the suburbs used
zoning and other exclusionary policies, such as restrictive deeds, to keep out
blacks and other minorities.


   These segregated housing patterns were then reinforced by urban renewal in
the 1950s and 1960s, which compounded the isolation of poor blacks by clearing
slum neighborhoods in the cities to make way for redevelopment of central
business districts. n133 Displaced blacks were forced into new, high-density
public housing projects situated in already crowded black neighborhoods, which
became further destabilized. n134 The problems of the ghetto intensified in the
1970s, despite the civil rights movement and rising incomes among black workers,
due to subtle (and ongoing) forms of racial discrimination in which "blacks
[were] systematically shown, recommended, and invited to inspect many fewer
homes than comparably qualified whites." n135 Under the Reagan and Bush
Administrations, the federal government "stopped building housing, shrank its
aid to cities, reduced benefits to individuals, and raised the taxes of the poor
at the same time it lowered them for the rich." n136 Currently, urban
development is focused on office buildings, convention centers, sports arenas,
and festival marketplaces, the effects of which have not trickled down to
less-fortunate neighborhoods. As a result of these and other government policies
and economic shifts, one-fifth of blacks live under conditions of intense racial
segregation, n137 making  [*750]  them "unambiguously among the nation's most
spatially isolated and geographically secluded people." n138 This history
highlights the unfairness, and indeed the futility, of the TANF's emphasis on
self-help strategies to alleviate poverty. At the same time, the culture of
poverty thesis that undergirds TANF ignores the immense resources and resiliency
of "underclass" communities in the face of severe economic deprivation. n139
Thus, not only are these communities denied a richer, more accurate portrayal in
the face of demeaning stereotypes, but they are also denied anti-poverty
strategies that respond to the realities of urban life.


   Because communitarian thinkers have not scrutinized poverty or racism, their
rhetoric has been appropriated without an assessment of whether the rhetoric
matches the reality. The reality is that TANF not only ignores economics, but it
also overlooks the ways that parents are bound by obligations to, and the
dependencies of, their children. "It also neglects the importance, the reality,
and the necessity of wider social ties and connections. It makes invisible, in
other words, our interdependence." n140 Yet this is exactly the terrain that
communitarians claim to tread. In a sense, we have gotten the worst
communitarianism has to offer, without its potential best. However, it is not
simply politicians who are to blame. Communitarians have failed to engage the
issue of poverty and have articulated only a "thin" conception of community that
provides little foundation for moving beyond individual blame in dealing with
the poor.


   II. The Limits of Communitarianism


   Communitarians tend to be united against liberal methodology and the
fragmentation they contend that liberalism has had on Western society.
Nevertheless, many communitarians have been vague about their own specific
normative vision of society. It is hard to assess a political theory that
focuses largely on attack, without proffering an alternative vision. However,
two American political philosophers long-identified with communitarianism,
[*751]  Michael Walzer and Michael Sandel, have made a considerable effort to
define the precise nature of the "good" that they believe we should pursue-and
their views diverge. Walzer advances an egalitarian view of justice that looks
to internal, shared values for distributing social goods, while Sandel promotes
a revival of the civil republican strand in American politics and law. More than
other communitarian thinkers, they have addressed the challenges posed by the
vast inequalities that mark our society and come to different conclusions than
Rawls. Accordingly, this Article proceeds to assess the lessons that can be
learned from, and the criticisms that can be leveled at, Walzer and Sandel in
shaping our social welfare policies and jurisprudence. In addition, the
following section analyzes the more overtly political wing of communitarianism,
which has a more sociological perspective and whose principal proponent is
Amitai Etzioni. Etzioni aims to fashion public policies that solve societal
problems by balancing individual rights with communal norms, and he provides a
lengthy list of policy prescriptions for achieving this balance.


   A. Michael Sandel


   Michael Sandel rejects the individualized concept of personhood espoused by
John Rawls, which he contends is reflected in our constitutional jurisprudence
and our political economy. The result is our "procedural republic" that
prioritizes rights over values and that has led to a widespread malaise and
dissatisfaction among Americans. Accordingly, he urges a return to civic
republicanism, in which liberty is fostered through self-government, as a
corrective for the failures of the procedural republic. n141 Sandel's insights
about personhood and participatory politics hold particular promise for
combating poverty. Because he situates individuals within their communities, and
because he stresses the involuntary nature of those connections, he provides a
theoretical foundation for moving away from the "culture of poverty" thesis
towards the empirically accurate proposition that poverty is caused by complex
structural and demographic forces that need to be reformed if we are going to
reduce poverty. If individuals do not choose to be poor, then we are forced to
ask how they become poor. In addition, Sandel's  [*752]  emphasis on civic
republicanism supports a revitalized emphasis on community participation in
public policies that affect and shape poor communities. That is, if we want
disenfranchised and disempowered persons to participate in politics-indeed, to
see participation as worthwhile-we will need to not only make radical changes to
our political system that decrease the role of money in electoral politics, but
also to our social safety net, so that all people have the skills and resources
to be active citizens. Sandel's theories could thus move poverty policies away
from blaming the victim and away from the very idea of "victimhood" itself.
Unfortunately, Sandel never makes these moves. Rather, he places the blame for
the procedural republic on the rise of the welfare state, thus misconceiving the
extent of "rights" discourse within poor communities, overstating the impact of
the welfare state on middle-class mores, and revealing his own fixation with
middle-class concerns. Indeed, he seems willing to leave current economic
structures in place, and his policy prescriptions ignore the barriers to
meaningful civic participation that exist in poor communities.


   1. Sandel's Attack on the Procedural Republic


   Sandel accuses Rawls of viewing community as the mere cooperation of mutually
disinterested individuals, rather than as the foundation of identity and moral
judgment. Although Rawls endorses communitarian ideals as one of the many
possible individual aims, it is only "one contender among others." n142 This is
not enough for Sandel, because it separates the self from its interests. The
Rawlsian person is "wholly without character, without moral depth," n143 and
does not describe how we experience life. Under liberal theory, "[n]o commitment
could grip me so deeply that I could not understand myself without it. No
transformation of life purposes and plans could be so unsettling as to disrupt
the contours of my identity." n144 By contrast, according to Sandel,
"[C]ommunity . . . describe[s] not just a feeling but a mode of
self-understanding partly constitutive of the agent's identity." n145 Whereas
Rawls views rights as a means for promoting government neutrality, Sandel
asserts that "rights [should] depend for their justification on the moral
importance of  [*753]  the ends they serve." n146 For Sandel, Rawlsian theory
accurately describes our modern state.


   Sandel contends that we are a discontented nation due to an increasing
disenchantment with governmental affairs and the concomitant breakdown of
community values. He traces these dual disintegrations to the rise of the
"procedural republic," a philosophy defined by "the priority of individual
rights, the ideal of neutrality, and the conception of persons as freely
choosing, unencumbered selves." n147 According to Sandel, the liberal view that
government should be neutral as to the ends its citizens pursue has led us to
value fair procedures over particular values. n148 In our procedural republic,
government does not endorse any particular conception of the good life or
attempt to inculcate particular value in its citizens; instead, it allows for a
plurality of views and ensures that people have opportunities and space within
which to exercise their choices. While the procedural republic encourages social
cooperation, it also denies competing values that arise from moral and religious
convictions and discourages the cultivation of the qualities that lead to
self-rule. n149 Sandel places the blame for the rise of the procedural republic
on the Supreme Court and on the pre-TANF welfare state that arose after the New
Deal, and he contrasts the late twentieth century state of affairs to a
long-historical tradition of civic republicanism in both our jurisprudence and
political economy. n150


   a. The Supreme Court and the Procedural Republic


   Sandel accuses the Supreme Court of defining and protecting individual rights
without endorsing any particular view of the good life, thereby leading to
value- neutral politics that discourage civic virtue. n151 He claims, however,
that this is a relatively recent way of viewing rights and one not foreseen by
the nation's Founders. Indeed, for the first one hundred years, "the Bill of
Rights [did not] play an important role in protecting individual liberties
against federal infringement"; rather, liberty was seen as derived from the
"dispersion of power among branches and levels of government." n152  [*754]
Following the Civil War, the Court applied the Fourteenth Amendment to the
states and began to assume its role as protector of individual rights. Sandel
points to the Court's decision in Lochner v. New York n153 as a turning point,
because the Court emphasized the individual right to contract freely over other
substantive values, such as protecting workers. n154 Eventually, the procedural
republic triumphed in the 1943 case of West Virginia v. Barnette, n155 when the
Supreme Court struck down a compulsory Pledge of Allegiance requirement only
three years after upholding a similar requirement. To Sandel's chagrin, the
Court in Barnette emphasized patriotism as a matter of choice instead of as a
civic virtue. n156


   In critiquing the Supreme Court's jurisprudence, Sandel focuses on religious
liberty, free speech, privacy, and family law. In each of these categories, he
asserts that the Supreme Court wrongly demands that government remain neutral on
questions of values in order to foster personal autonomy. n157 In other words,
the Court demands that citizens bracket their moral identities from political
discourse in order to secure social cooperation. n158 For instance, Sandel
explains that in religion clause cases, the neutrality approach results in
respect for individuality, but not for the value of religion. n159 Under Court
doctrine, the military can ban the wearing of yarmulkes and the state can deny
special protection for the sacramental use of Peyote, because religious beliefs
carry no more weight than mere preferences, and such preferences cannot justify
special exemptions from generally applicable statutes. n160 By contrast, Sandel
views religion as a stimulant for self-government; it has the ability "to
promote the habits and dispositions that make good citizens." n161 Because
religious beliefs are not always chosen, but are often viewed by their bearer as
an essential part of their self-identity, asking individuals to bracket these
beliefs may "frustrate them more profoundly than to deprive them of interests
less central to the projects that  [*755]  give meaning to their lives." n162 By
focusing on autonomy, Sandel says, the Court misses not only the opportunity to
foster civil republicanism, but it also loses sight of the fact that the
Constitution singles out religion-and not other beliefs-for protection. For
Sandel, the Court "fail[s] to take religion seriously." n163


   Sandel asserts that the Court's failure to respect persons as encumbered by
involuntary connections undermines the possibilities for self-government. As he
explains, the Court simply does not value the communal attachments that
cultivate political education, such as the ties that arise from family,
neighborhoods, unions, and local government. n164 Further, the Court's emphasis
on autonomy in the private sphere is ill-fitted for the complex web of
dependencies that mark and control the public sphere of modern life. In other
words, the expansion of government through regulation and the dominance of large
corporations have eviscerated the centrality of the individual in economic life,
making autonomy almost meaningless. n165 At the same time, Sandel charges that
we are quick to demand entitlements and rights in the public sphere without any
corresponding sense of mutual responsibility and moral engagement. n166


   b. The Welfare State and the Rise of the Procedural Republic


   Sandel criticizes not only our jurisprudence, but also our political economy.
For Sandel, the procedural republic stretches far beyond the Supreme Court and
into every social and political aspect of American life. Through a detailed
historical analysis, Sandel asserts that throughout most of our country's past,
economic decisions were debated and decided with regard to whether or not they
were hospitable to self-government. n167 Now, he claims, we ask only whether a
given policy is fair and likely to engender prosperity. Sandel claims that only
in the latter part of the twentieth century did our philosophy demand that
government be neutral as to values; previously, it was deemed appropriate for
government to shape the moral and civil character of  [*756]  its citizens. n168
He traces the demise of civic republicanism to the growth of the American
welfare state. n169


   For instance, he explains that President Franklin Delano Roosevelt set forth
a New Deal agenda that sought to secure economic rights, such as "the right to a
useful and remunerative job" and the "right to earn enough to provide adequate
food and clothing and recreation," based on the idea that "necessitous men are
not free men." n170 Likewise, in waging the War on Poverty, President Johnson
promoted abundance, rather than the inculcation of moral virtues in citizens.
Indeed, to make the case for fighting poverty, Johnson urged Americans to rise
above class, race, and religion-aspects of the self that cannot be cleaved from
us, according to Sandel. n171 Sandel speaks disapprovingly of welfare advocates
who fought successfully in the 1960s and 1970s to remove moral judgments from
public assistance programs, because they fostered a neutral, rights-based
mentality on the part of welfare recipients, the government, and the rest of the
American public. n172


   c. Repairing the Procedural Republic


   Sandel claims that we pay a steep price for the neutrality of the procedural
republic, noting that we have become isolated from our larger surroundings and
feel powerlessness over our lives. Our politics lack moral resonance, leaving a
vacuum that is filled by shallow and intolerant groups that impose their
moralisms on others. n173 Sandel charges that liberalism's emphasis on plurality
and diversity provides no answer to these conservative, moralistic groups.
Accordingly, Sandel advocates for the revival of civic republicanism. For
Sandel, republicanism is the "good." He envisions fellow citizens who deliberate
about the common good and share in shaping their own destinies. n174 To Sandel,
freedom comes not from choice and autonomy, but from self-government. Thus,
instead of putting the right before the good, Sandel advocates for putting the
common good before individual rights. n175 Politics and other civil institutions
must cultivate the qualities of character that  [*757]  foster self-government.
n176 He urges emphasis on mediating institutions such as "townships, schools,
religions, and virtue-sustaining occupations that form the 'character of mind'
and 'habits of the heart' a democratic republic requires." n177 Recognizing that
republicanism is rife with possibilities for coercion and paternalism, Sandel
stresses the need for dispersed power and multiple sites of civic formation.
n178


   2. A Critical Assessment of Sandel


   Sandel's descriptive and normative visions have been thoughtfully and
thoroughly critiqued and assessed by a wide variety of scholars. n179
Accordingly, this Article focuses solely on how Sandel's theories relate to
conditions of, and remedies for, poverty, an approach not taken by Sandel's
other critics. n180 It concludes that Sandel has much to offer in thinking about
poverty, but that he misunderstands the causes of poverty and thereby reinforces
negative stereotypes of the poor.


   a. Sandel's Communities and Poor Communities


   Sandel's critique of the atomistic individual resonates in poor communities,
where economic deprivation grossly limits one's ability to define and achieve
chosen ends. By shifting the focus from the individual to community, Sandel's
critique could challenge TANF's underlying assumption that poverty results from
character deficiencies of the poor. Sandel himself does not make this move, but
it is the logical endpoint of his brand of communitarianism. Given that people
are shaped by involuntary connections to their families, community, religion,
and the like, it is mistaken to conclude that people freely choose their place
in society. To the contrary, persons born without economic and social resources
are often doomed to exercise limited autonomy within a constrained sphere. n181
Of course, the poor make choices  [*758]  every day; some are wiser than others.
Yet, for the poor, constraints on autonomy arise from "segregated housing; lack
of positive role models as neighbors; limitations on capital; inferior public
services; lower quality public education; more violent, drug-infested
neighborhoods; and impaired access to employment and job- related information
networks" as well as discrimination, which tends "to lock minorities into
particular spatial niches." n182 TANF is a response to stereotypes generated
about the urban underclass, but membership in this the so- called underclass is
not a matter of choice. "Where one lives-especially, where one grows up-exerts a
profound effect on one's life chances." n183 As Douglas Massey and Nancy Denton
explain, in a manner that reinforces the communitarian notion of socially
encumbered individuals:


   Identical individuals with similar family backgrounds and personal
characteristics will lead very different lives and achieve different rates of
socioeconomic success depending on where they reside. Because racial segregation
confines blacks to a circumscribed and disadvantaged niche in the urban spatial
order, it has profound consequences for individual and family well- being. n184


   Thus, Sandel's notion of the socially constituted individual accurately
captures one problem with liberal theory for the poor. Liberalism presumes that
everyone can leave behind their existing communities and choose new ones. Yet,
the poor are almost forcibly communitarian; they typically lack the resources to
simply pick up and move on.


   Despite constraints on individual autonomy, blacks in poor communities have
demonstrated immense resiliency and resources in situations of extreme economic
deprivation through interdependent networks of support and  [*759]  sustenance.
n185 Thus, Sandel's emphasis on community as a locus of moral values could serve
to highlight the social capital inherent in so-called underclass neighborhoods
and to create a richer, less-stereotyped vision of life in those neighborhoods.
Further, Sandel correctly asserts that civic participation can counter
disempowerment, and numerous studies have identified community participation as
a necessary component of anti-poverty initiatives in distressed neighborhoods.
Sandel's description of socially constituted personhood thus captures the degree
to which communities can foster dignity, self-worth, and even autonomy.


   To be fair, liberalism also contains a strand for resisting the "undeserving"
characterization of the poor. Rawls argues that people do not have a claim to
the economic status they are born into or even their personal social endowments,
such as intelligence or musical talent, and that these attributes are therefore
common assets that should be shared with the less-fortunate. n186 The Rawlsian
perspective assumes a clear line of demarcation between advantage and
disadvantage and presumes little worth in situations marked by deprivation. This
division tends to pit the haves against the have-nots in a tug-of-war for
assets. Not surprisingly then, a major critique of Rawls within the liberal
tradition has been made by philosophers such as Robert Nozick, who argues
against redistribution on the basis that "past circumstances or actions . . .
can create differential entitlements or differential deserts to things." n187 By
contrast, Sandel's perspective holds out hope for viewing equality as something
more than a zero sum game. If people are shaped by the involuntary circumstances
into which they are born, it makes sense to improve those circumstances for the
benefit of the entire society and to appeal to a broader communal ethic for
aiding economically deprived communities. Sandel, however, does not make such an
argument, even though reducing poverty could dramatically increase civic
participation within long-disempowered communities. He simply does not see, or
chooses to ignore, the effects of poverty upon his policy prescriptions.


   b. Barriers to Public Participation in Poor Communities


   Despite Sandel's commitment to pursuing moral ends, he never links
eradication of poverty with its possibilities for enhancing civic participation.
[*760]  This is not to say that Sandel is indifferent to the plight of the poor.
He plainly seeks to include them within his renewed civic republicanism and he
favors initiatives such as community development corporations that give voice to
inner-city residents. He is particularly concerned about the increasing gap
between the rich and poor, but not because growing inequality causes suffering.
Rather, for Sandel, "inequality undermines freedom by corrupting the character
of both rich and poor and destroying the commonality necessary to
self-government." n188 Sandel identifies the ongoing withdrawal of affluent
Americans from public life, as they purchase their own security, send their
children to private schools and private parks, and move to private, guarded
communities, and he thus advocates for a renewed commitment to public, civic
spaces of social contact. n189 His solution focuses on bringing the affluent
back into public life through institutions such as public libraries and parks.
As a practical matter, given the segregation of minority neighborhoods, it would
be hard to find cross-racial and cross-class meeting places without massive
governmental programs to support integration. Yet communitarians do not call for
integrationist strategies; their focus on communities suggests place- based
remedies for poverty and segregation. Sandel does not suggest that civic
republicanism will abolish inequality, but only that it will "'strengthen[]
community institutions in which income is irrelevant.'" n190 Under Sandel's
proposals, even with massive social spending on public sites that foster
community life, the poor would still be poor-they would just have more
opportunities to mingle with the affluent. n191 At that point, it is likely that
the perspectives of the affluent would dominate.


   c. The Dangers of Majoritarianism


   Sandel does not fully respond to the dangers of majoritarianism that can lurk
within "community." He defines community at multiple levels, from family all the
way to the nation state. This flexibility allows him to support communities that
are sympathetic to civic republican ideals, n192 but does not  [*761]  provide a
resounding response to communities that marginalize certain members. TANF
demonstrates this tension. Much of TANF is built upon appeals to community
values, in particular, its emphasis on work and behavioral modification. Sandel
seems sympathetic to these sorts of requirements, n193 probably because work and
family seem central to those qualities of character that foster self-government.
But, Sandel does not consider that some jobs and some families are unlikely
sites for fostering civic virtue and political participation. While TANF appeals
to community values, it does not promote mechanisms that would actually
strengthen communities. For instance, it requires work, but does not provide the
supports necessary to move people toward self-sufficiency, such as a living
wage, child care, transportation, and the like. It thus sets the poor up for
failure and serves to further isolate them from the mainstream, by allowing
society to blame those low-income individuals who fail to achieve the supposed
self-sufficiency offered to them by TANF.


   Not surprisingly, in the nine years since welfare was reformed, there has
been no groundswell of civic participation by the poor. To the contrary, TANF
appears to be diluting attempts at grassroots organizing among the poor. n194
This lack of political activity is not surprising, given that the majority of
welfare leavers remain in low-paid, demeaning jobs that trap them below the
poverty line as they strain to feed and house their families. People who work
multiple jobs or jobs at irregular hours and who struggle to obtain
transportation and childcare not only lack the mental and physical wherewithal
to spend additional hours on matters of public governance, but often also
perceive political participation as futile. The political agenda and priorities
of elected officials rarely intersect with the interests of the poor. n195
Dorothy Roberts points to "evidence that poverty, social isolation, and
inadequate  [*762]  education reduce levels of political participation." n196
This observation does not negate the fact that many poor communities have long
been sites of political resistance (as opposed to participation), where members
have fought to shape and better their environments despite overwhelming odds.
Yet, they did so without the specter of work or behavioralrequirements contained
in welfare statutes. They attempted self-governance because of their shared
history of oppression and a desire to foster community solidarity.


   A prime example is the civil rights movement of the 1950s and 1960s, which
Sandel points to as the single example of civic republicanism in the wasteland
of the procedural republic. n197 Although the ultimate aim and result of the
civil rights struggle was to secure individual rights against prejudice and to
promote the freedom to choose one's ends, it was also a communitarian "moment of
empowerment" that turned ordinary individuals into agents of change and that
"displayed a higher, republican freedom-the freedom that consists in acting
collectively to shape the public world." n198 Black southern churches were the
sites of civic activity that made the movement possible, by allowing for
meetings, education, and prayer. n199 Interestingly, Sandel draws no connection
between the civil rights movement and the welfare rights movement that secured
rights to fair administration of welfare benefits. n200 To the contrary, he
blames the welfare state-and those who expanded it-for the malaise he diagnoses
in American society.

     [*763]

   d. The Welfare State and Rights Discourse


   Sandel goes too far in blaming the welfare state for widespread societal
dissatisfaction, especially given the isolation of the urban poor from
mainstream society. His attack on the welfare state looks disconcertingly like
the tired rhetorical ploy of blaming the poor for society's problems. n201 After
all, little of the case law that developed from the welfare rights movement
accrued to the benefit of the middle-class; they already had property rights.
Moreover, Sandel overstates the generosity of the welfare state. There is no
"right" to welfare benefits; all that welfare advocates in the 1960s and 1970s
were ultimately able to procure were rights to fair procedures in the
distribution and administration of legislatively granted benefits. Those
benefits were (and continue to be) small in amount and far less than what is
needed to obtain self-sufficiency. It is difficult to see, and Sandel does not
explain, how these limited welfare rights created an entire nation beset by an
entitlement mentality. Moreover, John Gilliom's study of welfare recipients'
interactions with welfare bureaucracies revealed that recipients engaged in
strikingly little "rights talk," instead discussing privacy invasions by the
welfare state through a rhetoric of care. n202 Gilliom concludes that the poor
do not fixate on "rights" as do more affluent Americans. n203


   While Sandel is concerned about malaise, it is really the malaise of the
middle- class that he is discussing. n204 In the daily scramble to meet basic
needs, the poor do not have the luxury for such melancholy musings. As Mark
Tushnet points out, Sandel is appealing to people with economic security. For
instance, Sandel highlights the picketing of Wal-Mart as a prime example of
communitarianism virtue. Yet, "that is the sort of thing that can be said, or at
[*764]  least admired, only by people who do not have to worry that
higher-priced underwear means sending their children to school in worn-out
underwear or having less food on the table for dinner." n205 The value of civic
republicanism for the poor is not that it will cure malaise, but that it opens
opportunities for the poor to shape their environments and to make demands upon
government for a greater share of society's resources.


   e. The Procedural Republic and the Poor


   The procedural republic, as reflected in the pre-1996 welfare system, was a
mixed blessing for the poor. On one hand, AFDC provided needed material
assistance to the poor, although the assistance was generally stingy and
insufficient. Most people used welfare as an intermittent safety net, not as a
way of life, and it helped them survive temporary setbacks such as the loss of a
job, a divorce, or the illness of a child. Welfare advocates, using the tools of
the procedural republic, eventually removed moral judgments from welfare
delivery and obtained legal protections (if not actual protections) against
unfair and arbitrary administration- achievements that recognized and enforced
the individual dignity of recipients. On the other hand, AFDC never
significantly decreased poverty; it impeded the accrual of assets and
constrained the formation of two-parent families. n206 Moreover, the legal gains
made by welfare advocates helped to foster the backlash against the poor, who
were charged with taking from society's till without giving anything back. Yet,
the welfare state truly failed not because it did not demand enough of the poor,
but because it did not demand enough of society. Likewise, TANF's notion of
reciprocity is a one-way street. It requires welfare recipients to work, but
does not reciprocate by ensuring that jobs are available in the economy, that
jobs pay a living wage, or that work be compatible with family obligations. In
this way, Sandel's critique of the welfare state seems to miss the mark.

     [*765]

   f. The Supreme Court and the Morals of the Poor


   Sandel complains that the Supreme Court pushes aside moral considerations in
order to remain neutral on issues of political controversy. As noted earlier, he
demonstrates the prominence of the Court's neutrality rationale by analyzing the
Court's jurisprudence in the areas of religious liberty, free speech, and
privacy (discussing abortion, contraception and homosexuality), and he also
addresses development of no-fault divorce. With regard to no-fault divorce,
Sandel believes that it penalizes married women who choose to be "homemakers of
traditional marriages" n207 and who are, post-divorce, then subject to the
morally neutral demand of self-sufficiency. The award of temporary alimony, the
result of the no-fault approach, ignores the reality that homemakers have lower
earning capacity because they "devoted their lives to child rearing while their
husbands pursued careers." n208 As a result, he asserts, the liberal approach
actually reduces women's choices, because it forces them to hedge their bets
against divorce and pursue careers even if that pursuit is contrary to their
self- identity. n209 Sandel's legal targets reflect his middle-class bias.
Obviously, his discussion of family law has little resonance in communities
dominated by single-parent families, where employment for any parent is hard to
come by.


   Likewise, while the constitutional issues Sandel analyzes are all areas
essential to fundamental human rights and personal dignity, they are not hot
button issues facing inner-city residents. In inner-city neighborhoods, the
greatest risk of government oppression does not come from a lack of respect for
religion, speech, or privacy, or from overly-permissive divorce laws. Rather,
members of those communities are resisting governmental intrusions in the form
of unlawful searches and seizures and racial profiling, loss of procedural
protections in the receipt of public benefits, loss of public and subsidized
housing, lack of adequate education and health care, and lack of access to legal
representation in all of these areas. In other words, the government plays a far
more central role in the daily life of the poor, as both a potential oppressor
and lifeline, and the most complex legal disputes for the poor center on
mediating those tensions. Successful reconciliation of those tensions would
likely do more to enhance civic participation than a  [*766]  jurisprudential
change in speech and privacy cases, as Sandel favors. That is, with less fear of
government intrusion and fairer treatment by government bureaucracies, residents
of distressed communities might see more hope for positive outcomes through
civic involvement.


   The moral bracketing that Sandel identifies in his analysis of Supreme Court
cases does not happen in cases that affect the poor. That is, when public
benefits are at issue, the Court is quite willing to make moral judgments about
individuals who fail to live up to the Court's moral vision. Thomas Ross has
demonstrated how, in cases involving the poor, the Court regularly states or
implies that poor people "are unwilling to work and especially likely to commit
fraud or child abuse, or to violate other legal and moral norms. They have bad
attitudes and are the cause of their own poverty." n210 As Ross explains, the
Court has bought into the rhetoric of poverty in political discourse and its
demarcation between the deserving and the undeserving. During the expansion of
the welfare state in the 1960s and 1970s (a development Sandel abhors), the
Court actually looked as though it was changing its view of the poor. For
instance, in Goldberg v. Kelly, the Court held that welfare benefits were a form
of constitutionally protected property that the state could not deny without
notice and a hearing. n211 In so doing, the Court reasoned that "[f]rom its
founding the Nation's basic commitment has been to foster the dignity and
well-being of all persons within its borders. We have come to recognize that
forces not within the control of the poor contribute to their poverty." n212
This vision had communitarian overtones, as Justice Brennan stated that welfare
benefits would "help bring within the reach of the poor the same opportunities
that are available to others to participate meaningfully in the life of the
community." n213


   However, this holistic and realistic view of poverty was short-lived, and the
Court quickly pulled back from indications that it might recognize a
constitutional right to welfare. Thus, in Dandridge v. Williams, the Court
upheld a Maryland statute that capped AFDC benefits once a family had six
persons, despite the state's recognition that those families would receive less
than the statutorily determined level of need as well as proportionally less
than smaller families. n214 The Court categorized the statute as mere "social or
[*767]  economic" legislation subject to minimal scrutiny. n215 In so doing, it
rejected the argument that the Maryland statute violated the Constitution's
Equal Protection Clause by discriminating against larger families, and accepted
the state's purported legitimate interests in "maintaining an equitable balance
in economic status as between welfare families and those supported by a
wage-earner, [and] in providing incentives for family planning . . . ." n216 By
distinguishing between welfare and working families, the Court reinforced the
vision of welfare recipients as purposely dodging employment, and by approving
of the state's family planning argument, it played into notions of welfare
mothers as sexually irresponsible. n217 This sort of moral reasoning runs
throughout the Court's public benefits cases. n218 Sandel argues against moral
bracketing; but the poor would be better served if the Court made fewer moral
judgments of them rather than more.


   The Court's most recent welfare case looks quite different, because the
welfare claimants were successful. Yet, looks are deceiving; the Supreme Court
still very much makes moral judgments about the poor. In a major win for welfare
recipients, the Saenz v. Roe n219 Court relied on the Privileges and Immunities
Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment to strike down a provision of TANF that
permitted states to pay TANF benefits to new state residents at the level paid
by their prior state of residence. Disparities in benefit levels among states
meant that the plaintiffs, new residents to California-a comparatively generous
state-received much less than individuals who had lived in California for more
than one year. n220 The Court began by  [*768]  emphasizing its reasoning in
Shapiro v. Thompson, a 1969 case that struck down a similar durational residency
provision that denied any benefits to new residents, noting a long-standing
recognition by the Court "'that the nature of our Federal Union and our
constitutional concepts of personal liberty unite to require that all citizens
be free to travel throughout the length and breadth of our land uninhibited by
statutes, rules, or regulations which unreasonably burden or restrict this
movement.'" n221 The Court's reasoning thus comports with the liberal premises
of autonomy and freedom to choose one's destiny. In this case, however, the
Court highlighted the morality of the plaintiffs, noting that they were fleeing
domestic violence and had moved to California to live with relatives. n222 The
Court also took pains to discount any ill motives on the part of the plaintiffs,
noting that the empirical evidence showed that poor people do not move to new
states to collect higher welfare checks. n223 When it comes to the poor, it
appears that moral judgments still play a large role in determining Court
outcomes, but they can occasionally accrue to the benefit of the poor. The reach
of this latter category seems quite limited, however. Indeed, the Court made
clear in Saenz that it was concerned with much more than the plight of the
plaintiffs.


   [W]e need not rest on the particular facts of these cases. [A contrary
ruling] would logically permit the State to bar new residents from schools,
parks, and libraries or deprive them of police and fire protection. Indeed it
would permit the State to apportion all benefits and services according to the
past tax contributions of its citizens. n224


   Thus, not only were these particular poor not blameworthy, n225 but they also
shared the same interest in free travel as that shared by all Americans. Saenz
[*769]  suggests that the morality of the poor is still a factor in Supreme
Court decision- making. n226


   While Sandel assumes that taking moral considerations into account would
improve the Court's jurisprudence and create better citizens, he provides no
answer to the dangers of majoritarianism. The welfare benefits cases highlight
this danger. Not only do they impose the will of the majority on a disempowered
minority, but they also leave that minority with no buffer against state power.
As Carlos Ball has explained in the context of gay rights, "Sandel does not
appear to fully appreciate the role that constitutional adjudication plays in
protecting the interests and rights of minorities from the will and biases of
majorities." n227 For instance, Sandel believes that in free speech cases courts
can, and should, distinguish between the Nazis who marched in Skokie and the
marchers led by Martin Luther King, Jr. based on "the content of the speech, the
nature of the cause." n228 He notes that United States District Court Judge
Frank Johnson permitted the 1965 voting rights march from Selma to Montgomery by
"passing judgment on the morality of the cause they would advance." n229 Ball
points out that Sandel's approach turns courts into "super-legislatures" free to
substitute their opinions for those of lawmakers and just as susceptible to
prejudice and bias. n230 Given the limited gains of the individual rights
approach in obtaining constitutional protections for the poor, Sandel may be
right that morality should play a greater role in constitutional interpretation.
n231 Yet, the focus should not be on the morality  [*770]  of the poor, but on
the morality of a nation that permits ever-increasing levels of income
inequality.


   B. Michael Walzer


   Michael Walzer advances a communitarian, egalitarian vision he calls "complex
equality" in his book, Spheres of Justice. n232 Whereas Sandel prescribes
republicanism as his vision of the "good," Walzer defers to particular political
communities to define their own vision of the "good." Under complex equality,
social goods are distributed according to shared understandings within political
communities, and possession of one social good cannot lead to domination over
other social goods. Walzer is considered communitarian because he rejects
universal principles of justice in favor of principles that arise out of
particular communities and that are shared within them. His idea of complex
equality provides a powerful rejoinder to inequality. It also forces us to
engage in serious contemplation and debate about what constitute needs in our
society and how those needs should be satisfied. Nevertheless, complex equality
undercuts its own promise because it never solves the problem of how to give
voice to the voiceless. As a result, it is a powerful tool for reflection, but a
weak one for action.


   1. Complex Equality


   To get to complex equality, Walzer rejects the Rawlsian construct of defining
principles of justice through hypothetical and unknowing persons. Walzer asserts
that real people, situated within actual communities, would not make the same
choices as Rawls's seemingly indistinguishable persons. n233 Accordingly, he
aims to root his philosophy squarely within our own current and concrete
society. n234 Walzer's political actors make choices based on their own
characteristics and their own situations. He repudiates attempts, like those of
Rawls, to discern universal principles of justice, contending that such
overarching principles are divorced from history and context. n235 Rather than
[*771]  "climb the mountain" to fashion a "universal standpoint," he "mean[s] to
stand in the cave, in the city, on the ground." n236


   Given his committed orientation to the here and now, Walzer's project is to
advocate for a society in which no single social good serves as a vehicle for
domination. n237 In such a society, possession of one social good, such as
money, should not lead to dominance in another unrelated sphere, such as
political power or ecclesiastical office or education. n238 Thus, instead of
"simple equality," in which everyone has the same amount of goods, Walzer
advocates "complex equality," in which people have differing amounts of social
goods, but possession of one social good does not translate into domination in
other spheres. As he puts it, "[n]o social good x should be distributed to men
and women who possess some other good y merely because they possess y and
without regard to the meaning of x." n239 According to Walzer, each social good
has its own meaning derived from society's shared understandings. From these
shared meanings, we can derive the proper criteria for distributing social
goods. n240 The social goods Walzer is concerned with include membership,
security and welfare, money and commodities, office, hard work, free time,
education, kinship and love, divine grace, recognition, and political power, and
he focuses at length on each of these in his book, describing the shared
understandings within each sphere. n241


   According to Walzer, "a given society is just if its substantive life is
lived a certain way-that is, in a way faithful to the shared understandings of
the members." n242 This leads to a certain amount of moral relativism. In a
much-criticized argument, Walzer contends that inequality may be just in certain
societies, such as the caste system in India. n243 In the caste system,
inequalities are "justified by customary rules and an overarching religious
doctrine." n244 Equalizing distribution among castes would "require a radical
redesign of the village against the shared understandings of the members." n245
For Walzer,  [*772]  justice is achieved when distributions are made in
accordance with shared understandings.


   2. A Critical Assessment of Complex Equality


   Walzer's particularistic approach holds somepromise for distressed
communities. Although he seems to read "community" at the level of nation
states, his analysis could apply equally to smaller levels of community, such as
neighborhoods. At this more localized level, a Walzer analysis could find value
in the norms and history shared within distressed communities, while avoiding
judging those communities against middle-class values. A nonjudgmental and
particularistic examination of distressed communities can also reveal hidden
assets that policymakers could build upon in designing welfare systems. Walzer's
theory also provides a strong (albeit obvious) critique of the link between
money and access to other social goods. He forces us to question how we
distribute social goods and which ones are truly needed to create an egalitarian
society.


   However, although Walzer is clearly sympathetic to the plight of the poor and
other disadvantaged members of society, n246 his approach does not ultimately
help them. Walzer contends that the first thing that members of a political
community owe to one another is communal provision of security and welfare, and
that these goods should be distributed by need. n247 However, recognizing that
needs come in varying degrees and priorities, Walzer proposes that needs should
be satisfied according to political solutions. For example, he notes that the
ancient Athenians provided for public baths and public theater, but not public
education. Their distributions were based on their own conception of what was
necessary for membership in their specific political community. By contrast,
medieval Jewish communities provided for public education and material
assistance for the poor based on their religious beliefs-again, according to the
shared understandings of what was needed in their society. n248 Walzer maintains
that we cannot pass judgment on these communities' choices.


   To demonstrate the sort of communal provision that is appropriate in our
American society, Walzer focuses on the provision of health care. He claims
[*773]  that longevity is a "socially recognized need," and that Americans
believe that all citizens deserve equal chances at long and healthy lives. n249
From this non-empirical assessment of perceived need, he concludes that the
private market for medical care should be abolished and that doctors should be
public employees. He notes that the government plays a strong role in supplying
health care by subsidizing medical research, training doctors, and providing
public medical assistance for the very old and very poor. n250 Government is
engaged in these activities because its citizens want them. Thus, once the
citizenry identifies such a need, Walzer states that the need must be provided
for equally to all members of the community. n251 America violates this
principle: the rich are able to purchase better care than the poor because our
society relies on the market-instead of need-as our distributional criteria. So,
the government subsidizes a market that, in turn, unfairly distributes its
commodity of health care. In sum, Walzer advocates for a public health care
system because Americans want one. Regardless of the merits of a public health
system, we can decisively say-twenty years after Walzer wrote Spheres of
Justice-Americans do not, at this time, want it. Or, perhaps more accurately,
the elected representatives of Americans who are engaged in the political
process have rejected it.


   Obviously, Walzer is making a circular argument. He endorses the political
process when its definition of need conforms to his, and he rejects it when his
own view diverges from political realities. This is the downfall of relying on
shared understandings; its ultimate implications are majoritarian, and this has
never been good for marginalized groups. Walzer's focus on shared understandings
as the definitive criteria for distributing social goods bodes ill for Americans
living in poverty. Simply put, Americans have been stingy in how they define
need. Americans do not want people starving in the streets, but, at the same
time, we are reluctant to subsidize individuals who do not work for their
income. Our current welfare system is the result of a political process, and it
pointedly does not attempt to meet basic needs. The very premises of TANF-the
focus on assistance as temporary and the law's emphasis on personal
responsibility-reveal the law's rejection of need as the standard for delivering
aid. Significantly, TANF does not require that states pay any particular level
of benefits to eligible recipients. To the contrary, states do not have to
provide cash assistance at all. TANF's focus is on  [*774]  reforming and
punishing deviant behavior, not providing a social safety net. n252 TANF does
not acknowledge that structural conditions create poverty; instead, it presumes
that individual failures create poverty. So, instead of economic reforms, it
aims to reform individuals.


   Walzer convincingly points out the corrupting influence of money on the
political process. Indeed, complex equality is focused on de-linking money from
other spheres of social goods. Yet, Walzer naively relies on the political
process as the best embodiment of our shared understandings. In reality, the
political process represents the shared understandings of only a portion of
society. Poor people have little impact on politics, and thus, it is hard to
call any political outcome as the result of a truly shared perspective across
economic classes. n253 Money is a controlling force in dictating political
outcomes. The dominance of money is rooted in the financial structure of our
electoral system, in which "monied interests organized around their relationship
to wealth dominate the fundraising process that, to a large extent, determines
which candidates for public office will win and what they will do once elected."
n254 In addition, due to a lack of meaningful educational opportunities, the
poor vote in exceedingly low numbers, further lessening the impact of their
voice on politics. n255 The poor also lack a unified political  [*775]  movement
that advocates for their interests. n256 Moreover, TANF's devolution of
authority to the states ensures that the poor will remain estranged from policy
debates, because state level politics are more hostile to claims of
redistribution than federal decision-making. n257 For all these reasons, the
poor have little say in how the welfare policies that affect them are shaped.


   Walzer is sympathetic to the plight of the poor, and accordingly unhappy with
many of our political outcomes. Walzer recognizes that wealthy members of
society can, and historically often have, dominated patterns of distribution to
the detriment of the poor. Yet, he fails to identify an alternative way to move
towards a more generous interpretation of our shared understandings that is
consistent with his emphasis on particularism. Walzer hints at one option when
he notes that historic patterns of domination by the wealthy over the poor are
the result of a "fraud of the social contract." n258 This suggests that removing
the barriers that limit the access of the poor to the political process would
result in fairer, more inclusive shared understandings. Removal of these
barriers, however, would require the poor, or institutions that serve the poor,
to have more money-and redistribution of capital is not where Walzer is willing
to go.


   Another option is to reject the notion of shared understandings altogether,
and to identify need based on more universal principles of justice. Such a
liberal approach, however, is the exact opposite of where Walzer is trying to
move us. n259 Yet a third approach would hypothesize what our politics would
look like without the corrupting influence of money. Walzer believes that
[*776]  politicians should persuade with their words, reasoning, and argument.
n260 This "pure" political process would presumably yield a more accurate
conception of need. Imagining such a process is difficult. Moreover, the
policies that would emerge from such an untainted process would not reflect our
current shared understandings, but rather the shared understandings of a
radically different society. Thus, Walzer ends up promoting the sort of
hypothetical construct that he is at pains to distinguish himself from.
Furthermore, by endorsing a pure democracy, Walzer arrives at just the sort of
universal, human right that he contends is inappropriate in conceptualizing
justice. He arrives back at liberalism. n261 This certainly suggests that it may
be impossible to improve the plight of the poor without relying on underlying
values of liberalism: equality, dignity, and basic rights.


   Unable to escape this conundrum, Walzer takes a fourth approach in his
example of health care. He defines need himself, based on an impressionistic and
overly generous assessment of his sense of the American public. This is not a
shared understanding; this is Walzer's understanding. While it is a
compassionate understanding, it is not one based on any principles that could be
extended in a principled way to aid the poor. He claims that our shared
understanding is based on a "'want' so widely and deeply felt that it can
plausibly be said that it is . . . of the community generally." n262 He
concludes that if society marks something as a want, it must be provided to the
entire community equally. This suggests that identifying shared understandings
requires us to look at what basic goods wealthy Americans possess and how much
they possess, and then distributing that commodity equally across the income
spectrum. In general, people want what richer people have. This approach,
however, conflates wants with needs, and does not provide a helpful demarcation
between the two.


   Our shared understandings are much more complicated-and far less unified-than
Walzer suggests. Indeed, when it comes to the poor, Americans do not share in
any collective conception of need. In polls, only one in ten Americans say that
poverty is among the most important issues government should address, although a
majority of Americans consider poverty to be a  [*777]  "big" problem. Half of
all Americans say that the poor are not doing enough to lift themselves out of
poverty, while half say that poverty is caused by circumstances outside their
control. Of Americans who earn twice the poverty level, half say the poor could
survive without welfare if they tried, and half say they could not. Half say
that poor people lead easy lives because they live off of the government dole;
half disagree. n263 One thing that does unite Americans is the value of work.
"Americans appear to value work so strongly that they support welfare reform
even if it leads to jobs that keep people in poverty." n264 At the same time,
fifty-six percent of Americans would accept a tax increase to support government
programs that are designed to help people help themselves, such as job training
programs, an expansion of day care, and increased tax credits. n265


   Americans obviously have conflicting understandings with regard to the poor.
In circumstances of conflict, Walzer states that "society [should] be faithful
to the disagreements, providing institutional channels for their expression,
adjudicative mechanisms, and alternative distributions." n266 Our institutional
channels and adjudicative mechanisms lie in our court system. On that front, the
poor have not fared particularly well. n267 The Supreme Court has rejected a
constitutional right to welfare, instead subjecting legislation related to
social and economic programs to a deferential rational basis review. Moreover,
as Part II.A. explains, the liberal conception of personhood employed by the
Court often means that the poor are denied relief when the Court deems them
undeserving or blameworthy. The Court's decision to provide the poor with
procedural, rather than substantive, rights means that legislatures have the
power to decide whether welfare is a constitutionally protected entitlement or
not. In TANF, Congress chose the latter. Thus, Court doctrine generally
reinforces and supports the majoritarian impulse in poverty policies. Walzer's
reliance on adjudicative mechanisms again undermines attempts to secure equality
for the poor.

     [*778]

   C. Amitai Etzioni and Communitarian Politics


   Amitai Etzioni is the political voice of communitarianism. He is a
sociologist and founder of the communitarian movement, which was established to
disseminate communitarian policy prescriptions to the public and policymakers
and to make the case for a centrist way between radical individualism and
authoritarian moralism. n268 He has been credited with influencing the politics
of President Clinton, English Prime Minister Tony Blair, and other politicians,
such as Senator Bill Bradley, who are interested in staking out a centrist,
middle ground. n269 Political communitarians want to slow the minting of new
rights and the resultant notion of self-entitlement without reciprocal
commitments. n270 While these communitarians tend to promote a "grab bag" of
somewhat moralistic policies, they also are forthright about acknowledging the
importance of rights in a regime of collective responsibility. They do not seek
to eliminate individual rights, but to balance them with communal values. This
idea of balance is particularly helpful in conceptualizing rights within poor
communities.


   1. Etzioni and a Return to Values


   Etzioni is responding to the modern state of "moral confusion and social
anarchy," n271 that he believes arose when the strong moral code of the 1950s
dissolved in the 1960s, only to be replaced by a moral vacuum taken over by
right-wing extremists. n272 Etzioni is sensitive to the fact that many values of
the 1950s were authoritarian, patriarchal, and discriminatory to women and
minorities, n273 but he believes that the breakdown of the strong moral order of
the 1950s has lead to "unbounded relativism, situational ethics, and excessive
individualism." n274 For Etzioni, the answer lies in finding a balance between
rights and responsibilities, with neither dominating. n275 Etzioni asserts that
this balance is best struck by and within communities.


   According to Etzioni, communities-not the market or the government-should be
the source of moral values and serve as a source of moral suasion  [*779]  for
their members. n276 Communities can use "subtle and informal social regulating
processes, such as approbation and censure," n277 and serve as a buffer against
the state. n278 He defines communities as groups that "transmit a shared moral
culture from generation to generation, as well as constantly reformulating this
moral framework over time," n279 and he conceives of them as geographically
based. n280 Thus, for Etzioni, the key to solving our social problems is to
cultivate existing communities and to form new ones. n281 Unlike Sandel and
Walzer, Etzioni believes that the majoritarian dangers of communities can and
should be counter-balanced by enforcement of the Bill of Rights and the
"overarching values" we all share. n282 He also asserts that these dangers are
minimized because people today belong to many communities and have multiple
sources of attachments, thus insulating them from dominance by any one
particular group. n283


   Etzioni's policy proposals "run the gamut-depending on your perspective-from
innocuous do-gooderism to authoritarian intrusiveness." n284 For instance, major
tenets of the communitarian platform and Etzioni's own writings include the
propositions that parents should spend more time with their children rather than
focusing on personal advancement; n285 families should have two parents; divorce
should be avoided through marriage counseling programs and waiting periods
should be required before divorce is granted; schools should provide moral
education; and people with AIDS should inform their partners and health care
workers. n286 The platform also calls for a national service program, campaign
finance reform, sobriety checkpoints, and drug and alcohol testing for people
who affect public safety. Issues of poverty and welfare receive scant attention
from the communitarian  [*780]  platform or in Etzioni's other writings, n287
although more recently Etzioni seems concerned about the harshness of the 1996
welfare reform statute and more ready to call for a government safety net of
last resort.


   With regard to poverty, the communitarian platform states that community
members should provide for themselves and their families through "honorable
work," and bear responsibility for the material well-being of others. n288 If
those mechanisms fail, "vulnerable communities" should obtain assistance from
more endowed communities as well as public-private partnerships. n289 Under the
platform, the brunt of providing for the needy falls on communities; government
should step in only when "other social subsystems fail." n290


   Etzioni's other writings also echo this emphasis on a localized response to
poverty. He claims that human dignity is fostered when people exercise their
"moral responsibility to help themselves as best as they can" because dependency
is degrading and lessens the likelihood of community assistance. n291
Communities are a better source for poor support than the government, because
they better know what their members need. n292 Etzioni urges wealthier
communities to help out the less affluent with food, blankets, and volunteers.
n293 He thinks welfare reform went too far in punishing the poor, and he sees
some role for government to ensure that people, including non- workers, have the
basic necessities of life as a way to affirm their basic humanity, but urges
further dialogue on how much and what types of relief should be available. n294
Etzioni also makes some policy proposals designed to ease the growing gap
between the rich and poor, including expanded Head Start and job training
programs, a raise in the EITC and minimum wage, emphasis on homeownership
programs for the poor, better transportation options to link the poor with
available work, and an elimination of tax breaks for the rich. n295 His
recommendations are sound ones, but essentially the same as those of liberal
egalitarians, and, surprisingly, many of them value autonomy over community.
Most liberals would advocate for improving the  [*781]  financial situation of
individuals, which would be a welcome improvement, but would not necessarily
strengthen communities. These policies would signal a national commitment to
alleviating the conditions of poverty, but Etzioni and other communitarians make
clear that affluence alone does not lead to the sense of community they seek to
foster. Etzioni surprisingly rejects many community-building alternatives, such
as job training programs for the unskilled and economic development programs,
because they are too slow and "frequently unsuccessful." n296 While he is
correct that these programs are not quick solutions, he is far too pessimistic
about their results or potential; these types of programs have made tangible
improvements in many poor neighborhoods. n297


   2. A Critical Assessment of Etzioni


   Several of Etzioni's ideas are helpful in thinking about community responses
to poverty, such as the idea of collective responsibility for ensuring a basic
minimum for all Americans. Other ideas-such as the notion that wealthy
communities send blankets and food to the less affluent-are almost hokey in
their naivete about the severity and complexity of problems associated with
poverty. In addition, Etzioni and his fellow communitarians place too much
responsibility for alleviating poverty on the very communities suffering its
scourge. It is too much and too unfair to ask these hard-pressed and
resource-starved neighborhoods to solve problems they did not create, although
they surely need to be an integral part of the solution. "The idea that poor
neighborhoods contain the resources and capacities for their own regeneration
can be, and often has been, used to promote self-help without the requisite
external support and linkages." n298 The self-help approach also ignores the
governmental role in perpetuating segregation. n299


   Etzioni is far more helpful in confronting the risks of majoritarianism posed
by communitarianism. He attempts to resolve that problem by maintaining
equilibrium between a voluntary moral order and autonomy. Whereas Sandel puts
the good before the right; Etzioni attempts to balance the  [*782]  good and the
right. He thus articulates a significant role for individual rights within a
communitarian vision. For Etzioni, the Bill of Rights is a "depository of
societal values" that serves as a check against majoritarian values. n300 Thus,
he would not endorse a welfare system that violated constitutional protections,
even if it was the result of democratic deliberation. Yet, the Constitution
alone does not provide a complete check upon majoritarianism, because the
boundaries of the rights articulated in the Constitution are ambiguous and open
to interpretation. For instance, although the Supreme Court has not interpreted
a right to welfare from the Constitution, others have articulated convincing
arguments to the contrary from the same text. n301 Thus, even constitutional
interpretation is subject to the pull between individual rights and social
order, and must be compared against some external norm. Etzioni's external norm
consists of morally self-evident values, such as globally-shared prescriptions
against lying and the idea that one owes a higher obligation to one's own
children than to others. n302 The values he ultimately settles upon as the outer
limit on community voices are moral order and autonomy. Thus, although he
de-emphasizes the role of the courts in shaping our moral voices, n303 it seems
that he would evaluate constitutional interpretation by how well it balances
these competing tensions.


   As a practical matter, he states that society can usually achieve this
balance by following four guidelines: (1) autonomy should not be limited unless
there is a "clear and present danger"; (2) any danger should be responded to
"without resorting to autonomy-restricting measures"; (3) any
autonomy-restricting measures should be "minimally intrusive"; and (4) any side
effects should be minimized. n304 TANF permits states to adopt policies that
limit individual rights and autonomy, such as drug testing for welfare
recipients and a denial of benefits to children born to families receiving
welfare. n305 Etzioni provides a helpful way to assess these provisions. These
[*783]  behavior-modification policies generally fail under step one of
Etzioni's framework. That is, they respond to stereotypes where empirically,
there is no danger. For instance, family cap provisions deny benefits to
children born while their mother is on welfare as an incentive to reduce family
size among the poor. This obviously reduces the autonomy of mothers on welfare
to plan their families as they see fit without moral condemnation or financial
penalties, just as middle-class Americans do. n306 Yet, while the family cap may
reflect the moral voice of mainstream Americans, it does not respond to a clear
and present danger. The average welfare family is the same size as a
middle-class family. n307 Moreover, there has never been a proven link between
receipt of public benefits and family size. n308 The Supreme Court reviews
conditions attached to public benefits under a rational basis test, reasoning
that the government can discourage behaviors it disproves. Yet, Etzioni's clear
and present danger test suggests such restrictions on autonomy should be subject
to a compelling state interest test-a test they would likely fail. Moreover, as
Etzioni points out, there are often less- intrusive means for achieving desired
social order. Thus, for instance, concerns about large families in poverty could
be addressed through educational or hortatory means. Limiting autonomy is not a
necessary route. Thus, unlike other communitarians, Etzioni takes pains to
demonstrate how the social good can be pursued without a sacrifice in individual
rights. This balance is essential in any welfare scheme, given the expansive
role the government plays in the lives of the poor.


   III. Poor Communities and Social Capital


   Although communitarian thinkers have largely neglected, or grossly
simplified, the causes and symptoms of poverty, their theoretical emphasis on
shared values and their desire to strengthen communities provide an alternative
foundation for thinking about welfare. Currently, welfare is directed at
improving individuals through work and behavioral modifications.  [*784]  Not
surprisingly, this approach has been a failure, given that poverty rarely
results from individual failings and that poor people are encumbered by numerous
relationships and dependencies that make achieving the goals of welfare reform
difficult. The failure of financial incentives and work requirements to coerce
desired behavior is not the result of inadequate incentives or improper
implementation as policymakers tend to assume, n309 but rather from an
inadequate understanding of how those incentives play out in the lives of the
poor. The reality is that poor people deal with so many competing pressures that
"inducements that seem powerful in isolation can become peripheral in context"
or can diverge so sharply from the realities of daily life that they become
meaningless. n310 Communitarian theory could (but currently does not) support a
community-based approach to welfare that would build upon and create assets
within distressed neighborhoods. Rather than assuming the worst of the poor, it
would build upon the best these communities have to offer. Rather than blaming
the poor for their status, it would seek to involve them in bettering their
environments.


   Inner-cities, whose residents were the targets of welfare reform, have
suffered from a widespread perception that they lack any attributes whatsoever
of meaningful community. Indeed, they have been portrayed as teeming with social
disorganization, n311 and, regrettably, communitarian theorists appear to accept
this portrayal. To the degree that any "shared values" exist at all in inner-
cities, they are presumed to be degenerate-the approval of sexual
permissiveness, single motherhood, gang violence, drug trafficking, truancy, and
the like. n312 To be sure, there are inner-city residents who suffer from
"culturally destructive behavior and attitudes," as well as increasing isolation
from mainstream society. n313 This focus on isolation, although "striking and
[*785]  well-founded . . . can encourage policymakers to believe that poor
communities have no structure left to build on, no interactions to be preserved,
and no points of contact between their neighborhoods and the wider world." n314


   Yet, despite formidable odds, most poor neighborhoods exhibit elements of
meaningful social organization. n315 That is, their residents have extensive
kinship and social networks that provide emotional support, material resources,
and mutual aid. n316 In recent years, sociologists have studied these networks
and found "intricate social structures and networks within the poorest
communities," as well as a "distinctive politics among the poor." n317 These
studies focus less on perceived pathologies in poor communities and more on
assessing their "social capital." Social capital consists of the "resources that
inhere in social relationships," such as "mutual trust, a sense of reciprocal
obligation, and civil participation aimed at benefiting [sic] the group or
community as a whole." n318 Likewise, communitarians are concerned with
"develop[ing] . . . strong and sustaining communities," with the input and
participation of their citizens. n319 Thus, the concept of social capital
bridges the divide between communitarian theory and practice. n320


   A. All Our Kin


   In 1974, Carol Stack documented in All Our Kin how poor African-Americans in
a Midwestern city adapted to poverty by relying upon extensive  [*786]  networks
of kin and friends who traded goods, resources, and care of children. n321 In
the neighborhood where most African-Americans lived, many residents were
unemployed and those who found work were trapped in low-paid, temporary, and
seasonal work. n322 To cope with poverty, residents adopted a variety of tactics
centered on a "domestic web of a large number of kin and friends whom they
[could] count on." n323 In describing these interdependent relationships, Stack
rebutted the prevailing wisdom that female-headed homes and illegitimacy "are
symptomatic of broken homes and family disorganization." n324 To the contrary,
the community was quite organized; intricate patterns of exchange allowed goods
to be "perpetually redistributed among networks of kinsmen and throughout the
community." n325 Although families did not conform to the model of the nuclear
family, children were highly valued, and rights in children and obligations to
provide for them were shared by networks of cooperating kinsmen in overlapping
households. n326 Women headed families because the conditions of poverty
militated against marriage and long-term male-female relationships. n327 The
welfare system cut off benefits to women when they married and strict income
requirements precluded individuals from accruing surplus cash for emergencies or
equity for long-term stability. n328 At the same time, employment opportunities
for black men were extremely limited, and, if available, low-paid. As a result,
"[w]omen [came] to realize that welfare benefits and ties within kin networks
provide[d] greater security for them and their children" than marriage. n329
Thus, Stack showed that rather than  [*787]  disorganized and deviant, "[t]he
black urban family, embedded in cooperative domestic exchange, proves to be an
organized tenacious, active, lifelong network." n330


   B. Social Networks in the Face of Welfare Reform


   The challenges facing poor, urban black families today are depressingly
similar to those in 1974-high rates of unemployment, low-paid work, substandard
housing, and inadequate health care. Not surprisingly, more recent studies have
found that today's poor rely on the same sort of tactics documented by Stack to
cope with poverty. For instance, a study conducted at the same time as the
passage of TANF focused on life in a poor black Midwestern suburb (called by the
pseudonym "Meadow View"), where living "is a merciless challenge," scarred by
violence, drugs, and constant crisis. n331 Protecting children in Meadow View
from harm is a relentless, emotionally-draining task. n332 The vigilance parents
must exercise is an impediment to working and parenting simultaneously in a
community lacking child care and before- and after-school care, n333 and where
children suffer psychological and behavioral problems from the constant stress.
n334 Nevertheless, as "vulnerable families struggle to fulfill each other's
needs . . . this very exertion reinforces a 'collective ethos' that binds people
together." n335 As a result, families and friends provide survival networks for
one another, providing care for children and the elderly, as well as financial
assistance. n336 Work and school are made possible by caregivers who sacrifice
their individual pursuits. n337 This means that "mothers' work is inextricably
linked to the nonwork or misfortunes of  [*788]  other women who may or may not
be employed." n338 It also means that poor families, who cannot purchase child
care, must supply it to one another, and accept the level of care that results.
n339 Because care arrangements are complex and tenuous, any small problem, such
as a child's illness (and poor children are sicker than others), can snowball
into a major crisis and limit a mother's ability to work. n340 While TANF draws
harsh lines between working poor mothers and welfare mothers, the mutual
dependence between the two groups in poor communities "makes it impossible to
draw moral and ethical distinctions between the two." n341 No one gets ahead in
this environment. Welfare mothers sacrifice their own advancement, while working
mothers in Meadow View earn low wages, usually as home health care aides and
nursing home workers, and struggle to obtain transportation to jobs, which are
located in wealthier suburbs. n342 In turn, these struggles put stress upon
supportive networks. n343


   C. Robert Taylor Homes and the Politics of Poverty


   Sudhir Allahi Venkatesh has demonstrated how these coping networks in poor
communities go beyond kinship circles and can become politicized pockets of
resistance. n344 Venkatesh describes communal life in the infamous Robert Taylor
Homes public housing project in Chicago, where, despite immense hardships,
residents regularly joined forces to make demands upon city government for
needed services, such as law enforcement and property management, to control the
behavior of youth, and to otherwise improve their blighted environment. n345
Built in 1962 to house the city's black residents, the Homes consisted of
twenty-eight high rises with 4,500 units, surrounded by vast acres of concrete
and asphalt that physically isolated the Homes from the rest of Chicago. n346
From the start, residents organized both informally, to  [*789]  monitor the
behavior of children in an environment almost totally devoid of usable play
space, and formally, through democratically elected tenant councils that
demanded upkeep of the quickly deteriorating properties from the city's often
corrupt housing authority. n347 By the 1970s, unemployment, the school drop-out
rate, and welfare reliance increased. n348 At the same time, the physical
structures were falling apart, crime and vandalism began to rise, and the city
had less money to spend on tackling problems at the housing project. n349
Tenants responded to these pressures by engaging in a vigorous underground
economy and by establishing indigenous law enforcement mechanisms founded on
tenant patrols and community watches. n350 However, these efforts were
overwhelmed by increasing hardships and neglect from broader society. n351


   The rise of drug gangs in the 1980s, accompanied by a steep drop in federal
funding as well as mismanagement and scandal at the Housing Authority, severely
challenged the ability of tenants at the Robert Taylor Homes to control their
environment. n352 During this time, crime, violence, and vandalism rose, as did
tenant drug use. Gangs interfered with the networks and associations that
supported the underground economy, n353 and they intimidated tenant leaders into
silence. In the 1990s, tenants cautiously began to fight back. They demanded
increased responsiveness from police, on the issue of gangs as well as problems
with domestic violence and theft. A community center had some limited success in
mediating gang conflicts, but it aligned itself too closely with gang leaders. A
deep division and rigorous debate arose among the tenants as to whether to
respond to gang violence by working with gangs or by disassociating from them.
In 1994, the tenants elected a resident leader who advocated the latter route.
n354 "They did so not as a disorganized community, but in a way that revealed
the presence of a  [*790]  healthy, normative foundation amid deeply rooted
economic impoverishment." n355


   Tenant resilience, however, was not enough to save the Robert Taylor Homes in
the face of law enforcement that refused to secure the development, federal cuts
in funding for public housing, massive job losses in the inner-city that
resulted in 90% unemployment at the Homes, housing discrimination against
families who tried to move out, lack of municipal support, and other
institutional neglect from society at large. n356 As of 2004, most of the Robert
Taylor Homes have been demolished pursuant to the federal HOPE VI program, n357
and the remainder will come down in 2005. The high-rises will be replaced by
2,388 mixed-income rental and homeownership units, of which 851 will be public
housing units. n358 In reflecting upon the plight of the Homes, Venkatesh
accuses Americans of asking "more of the poor, and particularly those in public
housing, than we expect from other citizens," n359 and he queries whether the
communal bonds between tenants could have resulted in greater successes if they
had had government support committed to economic development. n360 He concludes
that "the difficulties faced by residents of Robert Taylor in every period of
its existence can be seen as a result not of behavioral pathology but of
institutional neglect." n361 He marvels that despite this neglect, the tenants
demonstrated "impressive efforts to cope and make life meaningful amid a dearth
of resources." n362


   D. Dudley Street Neighborhood Initiative and the Triumph of Community


   By contrast, there are blighted neighborhoods that have pulled themselves
back from the brink of ruin with the sort of support that was so sorely lacking
at the Robert Taylor Homes. One prominent example is the revitalization of the
Dudley Street neighborhood in Boston. The comparison of the economic  [*791]
and social development within Dudley Street with the ruin of the Robert Taylor
Homes is instructive. Located on 1.5 square miles less than two miles from
downtown Boston, n363 the Dudley Street neighborhood has long been one of the
poorest neighborhoods in Boston. n364 The per capita income in the neighborhood
of 24,000 people is less than half that for the City of Boston overall,
unemployment hovers at 16%, and 32% of the residents live below the poverty
line. n365 Nevertheless, the diverse, multicultural neighborhood has a thriving
and ambitious resident-controlled community organization of 8,000 members with
political and social clout that has garnered tangible development results,
ranging from 400 new affordable houses to environmental clean-up to new
community- based schools. n366


   In the 1950s, disinvestment, redlining, property abandonment, and insurance-
related arson turned the once-thriving neighborhood into a wasteland. n367 By
1981, one-third of the land within the neighborhood was vacant, and the
neighborhood had become an illegal dumping ground for trash from all over
Boston. n368 In 1984, a local philanthropic foundation approached a Hispanic
social service non-profit within the neighborhood to discuss possibilities for
neighborhood improvement. n369 From this early collaboration, a grassroots
community organization, called the Dudley Street Neighborhood Initiative (DSNI),
was founded with the goal of resisting a city plan proposed by the Boston
Redevelopment Authority that threatened resident displacement through
gentrification. n370 At an early meeting, over 200 residents attended and
demanded increased participation on the DSNI board. n371 In response, the
organization went from being controlled by local non-profits to an entity with a
majority of board seats committed to residents, and with equal minimum  [*792]
representation for the four main cultural groups in the neighborhood (African-
American, Cape Verdean, Latino, and white). n372 The foundation provided $
70,000 in start up funds, despite its loss of direct control over DSNI's
activities. n373


   From the start, DSNI aimed to balance short-term victories with long-term
plans for redevelopment, with both strategies hinging on community organizing.
n374 Based on a survey of resident priorities, DSNI organized a "Don't Dump on
Us" campaign to clean up and fence off vacant lots (of which there were 1,300)
and to communicate sanitation complaints to city officials. n375 Their demands
eventually caught the attention of Mayor Raymond Flynn, who, eager to shore up
support in minority communities, showed up at a community meeting and pledged
city support for the DSNI clean-up effort. n376 The city provided materials and
tools that residents used in a massive clean-up effort. Shortly thereafter, DSNI
staged a public demonstration, widely covered by the media, to stop illegal
trash transfer stations and their accompanying stench and noise. n377 The city
again responded, padlocking the illegal transfer stations and prosecuting the
dumpers in court. From these early victories, residents became galvanized to
take on larger projects. n378


   With the help of foundation-funded consultants, DSNI turned its attention to
long-range planning. It developed a comprehensive, 200-page master plan for
redevelopment of the community that addressed land use, housing, human services,
economic development, and employment. The plan relied extensively on community
input and proposed an urban village, with a vibrant mix of housing, shopping,
open space, and a community center. n379 The city adopted the plan as the
official redevelopment plan for the area. n380 One obstacle to effectuating the
plan was that over half of the land in the heart of  [*793]  the neighborhood
consisted of a patchwork of city-owned and privately-owned vacant and abandoned
property. n381 The city gave DSNI the city-owned lots along with eminent domain
power over the privately held lots, making DSNI the first grassroots community
organization in the country to receive eminent domain power. n382 The purchase
of the properties was financed largely through a $ 2 million investment by the
Ford Foundation. n383 In 1993, thirty-eight affordable single-family homes were
completed, and other achievements have continued to follow, including more
affordable housing (350 new homes), new neighborhood associations and gardens, a
Town Common, urban agriculture, parks and playgrounds, youth programs and a
summer camp, better mass transit, and more human service providers. n384 DSNI
has also established a network of family day care providers, there is an adult
education program for high school dropouts, and a multicultural festival is held
annually. n385


   E. Lessons Learned from Poor, Urban Communities


   These brief case studies lend empirical support to various aspects of
communitarianism. n386 Communitarianism is in part an attack on atomism, or the
notion thatindividuals do and/or should selfishly pursue their own interests.
The poor communities discussed above reveal the degree to which their residents
are socially constituted by their surroundings and limited in their ability to
pursue autonomous ends. In addition, communitarians such as Walzer stress
communities as a source of values that should be respected.  [*794]  These case
studies illustrate that the value structures in poor communities are far more
complex than usually assumed and that the potential for transformation is much
greater. Alternatively, communitarians such as Sandel stress community as a
value in arguing for republicanism, and these case studies confirm the
importance of political community in combating conditions of poverty.


   As a policy matter, the case studies suggest several lessons, each of which
is consistent with certain aspects of communitarian theory. First, the case
studies suggest that rather than increasing isolation, economic deprivation
causes people to turn to one another for support. Indeed, physical decay within
distressed communities does not always signal a lack of capacity by residents.
n387 Communitarianism is concerned with fostering communal associations, n388
and those already exist to varying degrees within distressed communities.
Accordingly, policymakers should build upon existing social structures rather
than simply focusing on reforming individuals.


   Second, the case studies demonstrate that while social capital exists in even
the most distressed neighborhoods, residents cannot meaningfully capitalize on
their social assets without significant support from outside institutions, such
as government at all levels, the non-profit sector, and private businesses. n389
Although communitarians have been frustratingly vague on how and at what level
they define community, they all seem to leave room for multiple layers of
community. Etzioni probably articulates this most clearly, explaining that
"[c]ommunities are best viewed as if they were Chinese nesting boxes, in which
less encompassing communities (families, neighborhoods) are nestled within more
encompassing ones (local villages and towns), which in turn are situated within
still more encompassing communities, the national and cross-national ones . . .
." n390 This conception of membership in multiple and layered communities
suggests that it is fair and  [*795]  just to call on all Americans to
contribute to the alleviation of poverty, because all Americans are part of a
national community with mutual obligations to one another.


   Third, these examples show that holistic approaches that treat social
problems in a comprehensive manner yield greater success than piecemeal, ad hoc
approaches-a proposition that seems obvious, but one that has not shaped public
policy. Likewise, the interwoven involuntary connections stressed by
communitarian thinkers also point to the need for an understanding of the
complex nature of communal groupings and a corresponding acknowledgment of the
multi-faceted strategies that are called for in combating social problems.


   Finally, the case studies show that communities that exercise control over,
and have a voice in, their own destiny achieve greater successes than those
subject to outside direction. n391 With regard to DSNI, the single most
important factor in its success was resident control. n392 This outcome supports
the communitarian emphasis on civic participation. In building upon social
capital, our welfare policy would be well-served to take these lessons into
account.


   IV. A Community-Based Welfare System


   Obviously, there are countless alternatives in creating a welfare system, and
TANF is only our most recent attempt to balance the tension between supporting
the needy and discouraging dependence. At one extreme, we could have no cash or
other material assistance for the poor, as Charles Murray and other political
conservatives have advocated. Communitarians do not appear to support this
option, because they recognize that strong communities and able citizens cannot
flourish in the face of extreme deprivation. Thus, although communitarians fret
about creating dependency, none of them have advocated for total elimination of
the social safety net. At the other extreme, we could implement either a fully
liberal or fully communitarian remedy. A  [*796]  fully liberal, progressive
approach would likely provide all needy persons, regardless of the reason for
their need, with no-strings-attached cash assistance designed to bring them to a
meaningful level of self-sufficiency. This is a liberal solution to poverty
because it is value neutral, and it enhances the autonomy of recipients. By
contrast, a fully progressive, communitarian approach would pump massive
resources into poor communities and integrate policies related to housing,
economic development, physical and mental health care, public safety, and
education into a coordinated and seamless web that would maximize the social
capital of these neighborhoods so that each resident could participate in and
benefit from civic involvement.


   As a nation, we are nowhere near implementing either the extreme liberal or
communitarian solutions. To the contrary, TANF reflects collective values that
demand individual responses to societally-created problems, and thus combines
almost the worst that liberalism and communitarianism have to offer the poor.
Accordingly, this Part seeks to re-conceptualize TANF in a realistic and
pragmatic way that builds upon communal strengths to obtain better individual
and neighborhood outcomes. The idea here is not to replace the individual as the
locus of welfare support, but rather to enhance individual outcomes by taking
into account and enhancing the social context in which individuals live. I
describe this approach as "community-based" rather than communitarian, because
communitarianism has so marginalized issues of poverty that it would require
significant conjecture to articulate where communitarians would go if they
started from accurate premises concerning the causes of poverty. Nevertheless,
communitarian philosophy aids this project because, at its most progressive, it
provides a foundation for moving away from individual blame and towards
understanding of the root causes of poverty, and eventually, to collective
responsibility for alleviating economic disadvantage. It values the positive
aspects of community, and in turn, the value of nurturing community, and in so
doing, it can highlight and draw upon the substantial reserves of social capital
within poor neighborhoods despite the profound problems they face. At the same
time, communitarianism can be highly moralistic and judgmental, and this
conservative strain of communitarianism demands caution when discussing the
poor. This Part first addresses how welfare could cultivate community
participation and activism. It then proposes community-based approaches for
overcoming the barriers to work and self- sufficiency faced by TANF recipients.
Notably, many of these approaches are among the policy options states can adopt
in spending TANF dollars, and thus, do not require new legislation at the
federal level. However, in light of TANF's work-first emphasis, few of the
community-based options are being pursued in any systematic way because they
require more time and  [*797]  expertise than putting people to work in low-wage
jobs. Accordingly, federal mandates that require the states to engage in
community-based planning would likely be necessary to truly effectuate these
policy choices. Finally, this Part considers the moral values that a welfare
system should pursue.


   A. Community Participation


   Sheryll Cashin has argued that the devolution of welfare policy from the
federal government to the states results in policies that undermine the Act's
stated goals of assisting and strengthening families. She contends that voters
punish state legislators more than federal lawmakers for increases in welfare
spending and that state legislators are more likely to be influenced by negative
and racist stereotypes of welfare recipients. n393 In light of the "inexorable
influence of middle class suburban voters on state policy choices, and the
consequent marginalization of low-income and urban-interest groups," n394 Cashin
argues that fundamental policy choices about welfare are best made at the
national level. n395 Cashin presents a convincing case, and indeed, has been
proven correct. States with the highest minority populations have adopted the
most punitive and stringent welfare policies. This is undoubtedly the dark side
of devolution.


   Nevertheless, devolution may have an untapped upside by providing increased
opportunities and sites for citizen participation that could be utilized as a
counter-balance to the negative aspects of welfare federalism. Devolution has
been accompanied by an increase in privatization of welfare administration and
related social services, which are being provided by a mix of for-profit,
non-profit, and religious organizations. At the same time, front-line workers
exercise vastly more discretion than they did under AFDC, as they devise work
plans tailored to individual needs and have the power to sanction individuals
who do not comply with program requirements. This transfer of governmental
authority to private entities raises profound concerns about accountability. As
a legal matter, doctrines that constrain the discretion of government actors,
such as the Due Process Clause and federal and state Administrative Procedure
Acts, generally do not apply to private actors. As a practical matter, the
empirical evidence shows that governments are doing an inept job at monitoring
welfare contracts, and the services provided are so  [*798]  complex that
measuring outcomes is exceedingly difficult. n396 Moreover, a major study of
neighborhood-based organizations that deliver welfare-related services has found
that TANF is having a deleterious effect by contributing to the "balkanization
of community-based organizations and ignor[ing] the importance of civic
participation and the building of social capital." n397 In addition, these
organizations are "being transformed rapidly from helping and assistance
organizations to monitoring mechanisms for the state's watching of poor people."
n398 Citizen participation is one way to fill this accountability gap.


   For instance, local governments could set up formal mechanisms within
procurement processes to work with residents of low-income neighborhoods to
identify needed social services, to determine whether private provision is
appropriate, to draft requests for proposals, to identify points for
negotiation, to select final bids, to gather feedback on program effectiveness,
and to determine whether to renew or cancel existing contracts. In addition,
governments could require that welfare service providers have community
representatives on their boards of directors and a certain proportion of
community members on their staffs. Community participation would serve
instrumental ends, by providing government with accurate information about
community needs and program effectiveness. In addition, it would serve liberal
ends by providing people with opportunities for self-transformation that could
heighten their autonomy as they seize greater control over their environments.
Community participation also serves communitarian ends by making more engaged
citizens and by educating citizens to participate not only in direct democracy,
but also in representative democracy and the political process. Finally,
community participation has the potential to empower entire communities, and not
just individuals, as long as communities have a meaningful voice in and measure
of control over the decision-making process.


   Yet, it is not easy to design effective citizen participation mechanisms, a
factor that Sandel blithely ignores. n399 While federal mandates for citizen
[*799]  participation have no history in welfare programs, they have a long and
checkered history in anti-poverty economic development and housing programs.
Audrey McFarlane has explained that, in the realm of economic development, there
is an inherent and unresolved tension between the elite, expert-driven process
of development and the "views of a collection of non-professional, non-expert,
and potentially disruptive citizens." n400 In the major federal economic
development program currently underway, Empowerment Zones, McFarlane finds that
communities have been pushed aside or relegated to decision-making over
peripheral issues because the program and its various constituents are not clear
on the goals of community participation. n401 Moreover, allowing residents to
exercise control over substantive decision-making in economic development
threatens to undermine fundamental determinations about resource allocation that
are made without community input.


   In the context of public housing, Susan Bennett has explained that federal
programs that fund and foster resident management of housing projects have led
to some level of personal self-transformation for trainees, but have also
suffered from attrition over time. n402 "Not all residents want to become
involved in the nitty gritty of property management; conversely, residents
consumed with the details of property management may have no time, or
inclination, for democratic process." n403 Obviously, citizen participation in
welfare poses similar challenges; people who are struggling to survive may have
little time or inclination for participating in meetings and forums designed to
elicit their input. Bennett notes that most recently, as a result of TANF,
current public housing policies now focus on individual self sufficiency rather
than community building. n404 Moreover, in the federal HOPE VI program, which
gives grants to cities to demolish high-rise public housing projects and replace
them with mixed-income developments, public housing residents have a "voice" in
the redevelopment, but no "say" to affect the ultimate outcomes. n405

     [*800]

   Accordingly, for citizen participation mechanisms to have any impact in a
welfare system, government needs to share decision-making power with community
groups, and the community needs enforcement mechanisms to ensure that
participation occurs. n406 The goal of community participation needs to be
conceptualized as not only "participatory inclusion, but also as a struggle for
redistribution of power." n407 Accordingly, some welfare funds should go towards
programs that build the capacity of neighborhood groups and train residents in
the basics of organizational development, as well as community organizing.
Government also needs to make participation feasible, by meeting during non-work
hours, holding meetings in neighborhoods or providing transportation, offering
child care during meetings, and the like. In other words, participation needs to
lead to results, and government needs to lay the foundation for this to happen,
even though this might engender conflict with government.


   B. Barriers to Work


   Communitarians support the idea of requiring work as a condition for
receiving welfare, because work accords with communitarian notions of
reciprocity and because they view work as enhancing dignity and cultivating the
values that make good citizens. n408 Yet, "work" can hold a variety of meanings.
For instance, does "work" include caring for dependents such as children, the
disabled, and the elderly? Does it include government-created jobs if work is
not available in the economy? Does it include job training and education that
can lead to better opportunities? TANF has generally answered "no" to these
questions, but communitarians have not engaged in meaningful deliberation on the
meaning of work. Communitarianism stresses norms of reciprocity and mutual
obligation. Indeed, these norms are the underlying supports for successful
communities, which "contain elements such as local friendship ties, social
cohesion, resident participation in formal and informal voluntary organizations,
stability of formal organizations, and informal social  [*801]  controls." n409
Yet, reciprocity suggests an even exchange, while TANF is woefully one-sided.
Welfare recipients must work, but, in return, they are not guaranteed meaningful
work, full-time work, adequate supports that make work possible, a living wage,
or the ability to be truly self-sufficient as an economic matter. True
reciprocity would correct these disparities.


   1. Child Care


   Without adequate child care, it is impossible for a welfare recipient to meet
TANF's stringent work requirements. Nevertheless, child care remains out of
reach for thousands of TANF recipients who struggle to satisfy both work and
parenting obligations. Only one of out every seven children who is federally
eligible for a TANF child care subsidy is receiving assistance, n410 because
TANF does not provide enough money to extend child care benefits to all who need
it. n411 Moreover, due to federal funding limitations, some states are
attempting to ration available subsidies with tactics such as lowering income
eligibility levels, limiting outreach efforts, creating waiting lists, and
utilizing complex and burdensome application procedures. n412 Without a subsidy,
a single mother earning the minimum wage must spend half of her pre-tax income
to pay the average cost of child care. n413 Furthermore, this assumes that day
care slots are actually available, when, in reality, there is a shortage of
child care and an increasing number of women are working non-  [*802]
traditional schedules during hours for which there are no child care providers.
With or without subsidies, many children are receiving low-quality child care,
despite reams of evidence that quality child-care is directly related to
children's long- and short-term development. n414 The high cost of child care
leads many low- income families to rely on relatives to provide care, n415 even
though these unregulated home settings have lower developmental quality than
other providers. n416 At the same time, the relatives who provide this care are
uncompensated for the work they do. Children are also being left unattended.
Additionally, many parents fear losing personal supervision over their children
in dangerous neighborhoods, and lack the supports that wealthier parents have to
ensure their children's safety. n417 Because TANF emphasizes work outside the
home over the well-being of children and their parents, it "demands that parents
dichotomize: either they become self-sufficient by putting work first and
children last, or they suffer extreme poverty." n418


   Communitarianism provides little theoretical assistance to poor women who
must navigate the competing goals of work and family. When communitarians
address work and family conflicts at all, they tend to do so in the context of
middle-class married women. For instance, Sandel is concerned about the fate of
middle-class divorcees who chose to be homemakers during their marriages.
Etzioni wants parents to put aside their selfish professional aspirations in
order to spend more time with their children. Although Walzer acknowledges that
women have traditionally performed the "hard work" of the household while being
excluded from professional spheres, he disapproves of the impersonality of day
care, and urges parents to share child care responsibilities-thereby assuming
the existence of a two-parent family. At the same time, when the discussion is
about low-income women,  [*803]  communitarians are eager to put them to work
with little acknowledgment of their parenting obligations.


   Feminist thinkers are light years ahead of communitarians in considering the
dilemmas posed by care work. To communitarians and liberals alike, dependency is
an undesirable condition. Yet, as Martha Fineman has demonstrated, dependency is
an inevitable condition. All of us are dependent at some point in our lives,
beginning with infancy and re-emerging at times of illness, disability, or old
age. Nevertheless, the women who provide care to dependents are either unpaid or
low-paid, while society reaps a massive subsidy from their efforts. n419 The
reality of dependency stands in stark contrast to TANF's assumption that "'a
working mother as role model is more important for poor children than whatever
they might gain from a homebound but publicly supported mother.'" n420 It also
contrasts with the ideal of the individual posited by liberalism and reflected
in our workplace, which views "the American worker [as] an unencumbered
individual, free to participate in an inflexible nine-to-five schedule without
concern for ill children, school vacations, or other caretaking glitches because
some woman is taking care of all that at home, for free." n421


   There is a rich feminist literature on how to resolve the tension between
work and care while simultaneously valuing the work of care, with proposals that
include reforming the workplace to accommodate the demands of parenting,
improving conditions within the low-wage workplace, reimagining the balance of
power within families, and commodifying unpaid care work. n422 These approaches
are not inconsistent with communitarianism, even if communitarians have largely
ignored the care work dilemma. Linda McLain has explained how "recogniz[ing]
care as a public value worthy of societal and governmental support" is
consistent with civic republican norms, because care  [*804]  relationships are
the foundation upon which skills for self-government are built, or, as Sandel
puts it, "seedbeds for civic virtue." n423 Valuing care work is also consistent
with Walzer's egalitarianism; he urges all members of society to share in its
hard work, or at least to value and compensate it highly. n424 Thus, to truly
value care work, we should be subsidizing child care, raising the wages of child
care workers, ensuring quality standards in child care centers, and expanding
tax credits for parents who stay home to take care of their children. n425 At
the same time, we should be reforming the workplace to support parenting by
providing paid family leave, flexible hours, and living wages. These are not
welfare-specific solutions; rather, they are needed by all parents.


   With regard to welfare specifically, there are several ways in which TANF
could build upon existing patterns of social cooperation within poor communities
to help in alleviating the child care crisis. To begin with, governments could
train, support, and compensate the thousands of women who are currently unpaid
child care workers for other mothers' children. Indeed, it makes sense to
emphasize child care work as a viable and meaningful career for mothers
transitioning from TANF. A handful of programs are training women to provide
quality child care either in home-based centers or established centers.
Obviously, the benefits of this approach, if done properly, are that it meets a
community-based need, it promotes strong parenting skills, it improves the
quality of child care, and it enhances employment opportunities. n426 This
approach is not without its share of criticism, however, starting with the fact
that child care work is low-paid. Moreover, pushing single mothers into child
care reinforces gendered notions of caretaking and can exploit the caretaking
work of low-income women. n427 Yet, poor women are already doing this work for
no pay; a paid regime would legitimize the work that they perform and move us a
bit closer to the goal of publicly valuing care work. Moreover, child care
training programs can be structured to reduce some of these concerns. For
instance, one small but successful program in Washington state uses a
comprehensive career  [*805]  advancement model in which women receive
substantial raises as they attain various educational goals, thus improving pay
and professionalizing the field. n428 Other programs fund non-profits to provide
support and training to home based child care providers in both child care and
the essentials of running a small business.


   Given that many women are in part-time, contingent, and off-hours jobs, it
also makes sense to explore possibilities for cooperative child care
arrangements in which parents receive "free" child care in exchange for giving
available time to a shared child care enterprise. In addition, parents could be
provided with subsidies for caring for their own children in neighborhood
parent-child centers alongside paid child care workers, and having those hours
count toward work. n429 This would reduce the isolation of caring for young
children, provide parenting support, create and strengthen community bonds, and
socialize and educate children. n430


   Provision of child care should also be directly linked to community economic
development (CED) initiatives. CED aims to improve the quality of life within
distressed neighborhoods by enabling non-profit, non-governmental entities to
develop housing, jobs, or business opportunities for low-income people. n431
CED's theoretical foundations are largely communitarian, in that CED focuses on
empowering geographically bounded communities and remaining accountable to them.
Yet, perhaps not surprisingly, child care is rarely seen as part of an overall
CED strategy because child care involves human, rather than physical, capital.
n432 At the same time, economic development is stymied if potential workers lack
access to child care. This oversight could be remedied if federal and state
governments gave developers, business owners, non-profits, community groups, and
religious entities technical assistance and economic incentives such as tax
credits, loan guarantees, or bonds to build and operate child care facilities in
low-income neighborhoods. n433 Where such approaches have been  [*806]  tried,
the integration of child care with economic development pays for itself, in
terms of the "real dollars returned to the government through taxes on family
earnings, employment, and the child care industry." n434 By linking child care
with economic development, we can publicly value care work, meet community
needs, involve community members in providing child care, and boost the likely
success of development initiatives. This would not only foster healthy families,
a prime concern of communitarians, but could also lead to increased civic
participation as families become economically secure and capable of envisioning
change.


   2. Spatial Mismatch


   One explanation for high levels of unemployment in minority, low-income urban
neighborhoods is spatial mismatch, which posits that due to residential
segregation, inner-city blacks live too far away from the suburbs, where most
job creation is taking place. n435 Spatial mismatch is exacerbated by many
factors, such as lack of transportation, inaccessibility of job sites to public
transit, excessive commuting times, lack of information in inner-city
neighborhoods about suburban job opportunities, and racial discrimination
against blacks in hiring. n436 Welfare reformers are well aware of spatial
mismatch and have targeted their efforts at improving transportation between
urban residences and suburban jobs. With federal funding, the states have
implemented a variety of measures, including reducing rates for public
transportation, new bus routes and mini-buses for low density routes, contracts
with commuter ride services, and low-interest loans to buy cars. n437 Yet, these
solutions are not serving all who need them, in part because benefits disappear
once the working poor leave welfare. n438 Moreover, although these mobility
[*807]  strategies are less expensive than moving people closer to jobs
(desegregation strategy) or moving jobs closer to workers (economic development
strategy), they are short-term solutions to long-term problems. n439 Moving
workers to distant low-wage jobs also does little to build stable inner-city
communities or to desegregate suburban ones. n440 Moving people back and forth
over long distances and adding hours to the workday also threatens to disrupt
various social networks and to stretch the already thin capacity of child care.
At best, mobility programs contribute to asset accumulation within poor
neighborhoods; yet, given the low wages typically earned in the entry-level jobs
service jobs available to welfare recipients, this is unlikely.


   A community-based approach to overcoming spatial mismatch would focus on job
creation within or near inner-city neighborhoods. As such, it would require
states and cities to coordinate their TANF programs with their workforce and
economic development programs, which often operate in entirely disconnected
spheres. n441 Although states are permitted to spend TANF funds on economic
development initiatives, n442 few are doing so, given TANF's work-first
emphasis. Moreover, experience with governmental economic development programs
has shown that luring businesses to relocate within distressed neighborhoods
with financial incentives alone is not enough to generate a significant number
of jobs for inner-city residents. n443 Public  [*808]  services that support
business growth must also be improved, such as public safety and education. n444


   In addition, welfare programs could capitalize on the long-standing,
small-scale entrepreneurial efforts within low-income neighborhoods by funding
microenterprise. n445 In microenterprise programs, entrepreneurs who lack access
to traditional forms of capital are offered small loans to establish and
maintain their businesses, while also being provided with business training and
technical assistance. n446 Moreover, these programs often have a peer support
component, in which a group of four or five individuals hold separate loans, but
all of the members of the group provide collateral for the loan. n447 Although
microenterprise is no panacea for poverty, it appeals to many economic
development practitioners because it has the potential to create
self-sufficiency as part of a broader economic justice movement and to build
upon social capital within poor neighborhoods. n448

     [*809]

   In addition to creating individually-owned small businesses, welfare policy
could promote initiatives to build worker cooperatives, which are businesses
that are owned and democratically controlled by the workers. n449 One of the
most prominent worker cooperatives is the Cooperative Home Care Associates,
Inc., in the Bronx, New York, a home health care business owned by 300 minority
women that is founded on CED principles emphasizing "education and empowerment
with a low-income constituency, strategic planning, local job and enterprise
creation, regional impact and broader replication, sophisticated finance and
business expertise, democratic values, and selective use of public subsidies to
build local capacity." n450 The democratic structure of worker cooperatives
allows them to not only create jobs, but also to serve as a platform for
political engagement and grassroots activism. n451 The form has been
particularly successful in organizing immigrant day laborers and domestic
workers to negotiate collectively with their customers. n452


   In addition to building jobs within the inner-cities, there is more than
enough room within a community-based welfare system for concurrently pursuing
desegregation strategies that move inner-city residents to suburban areas. n453
For instance, two major federal mobility efforts, the Gautreaux program and the
Moving to Opportunity program (MTO), moved poor, mostly black residents from
distressed inner- city neighborhoods to majority-white, middle-class suburban
neighborhoods. n454 Studies of these programs found  [*810]  improvements in
education, health, and safety among participants, along with less- promising
outcomes in terms of employment and receipt of public assistance. n455 These
programs are based, in part, on the theory that poor people who live among the
middle-class will have better role models and access to information about jobs.
Yet, status differences need to be overcome for there to be meaningful contacts
among the affluent and their low-income neighbors. n456 In other words,
conscious efforts need to be made by housing authorities to integrate mobility
participants into their new neighborhoods, through neighborhood associations or
other community groups, and poor residents need support to ensure that their
housing is indistinguishable from that of their neighbors. n457 Community needs
to be fostered; it does not arise on its own, and the value of community should
not be forgotten even with desegregation strategies. Although communitarians
tend to focus on involuntary societal connections, given the mobility within
modern society, they also recognize the need to create community where it is
lacking.


   3. Lack of Jobs


   Our social welfare system also requires recognition that in certain areas,
and particularly in times of recession, there simply are not enough jobs for all
who need them-even if the barrier of spatial mismatch is overcome. n458
Moreover, many welfare recipients face multiple personal barriers to work, such
as mental and physical health problems, drug or alcohol addictions, low
educational levels, and the like. Accordingly, relying solely on the market to
create jobs is not enough. Some jurisdictions have acknowledged as much and have
used their TANF funds to create wage-paying jobs for employment in positions
that meet community needs, particularly with governmental agencies  [*811]  and
non-profits. n459 Community service employment has the advantages of building
self-esteem, improving income by making the worker eligible for the EITC,
keeping workers within their communities, and providing needed services to
distressed neighborhoods. n460 Significantly, such programs acknowledge the
larger community's obligation to provide support for those who want to work.


   C. Barriers to Self-Sufficiency


   Just because welfare recipients are moved into the workforce does not mean
that they are self-sufficient. To the contrary, 3.5 million full-time workers in
America remain below the poverty line. n461 Nearly half of poor adults work at
least part-time. n462 Moreover, the number of families struggling to make ends
meet is even more extreme than the poverty line indicates, because the poverty
line is a woefully inadequate measure of the income required to meet basic
needs. n463 As a result, economists have studied what it would cost for a family
to meet basic needs without government benefits or other subsidies or supports.
n464 These self-sufficiency standards, which vary by geographic location, take
into account family size and ages, as well as the impact of tax policies. A
study by the Economic Policy Institute shows that, on average, a two- parent,
two-child family needs to earn from $ 27,005 a year to $ 52,114, depending on
the community, with the national self-sufficiency  [*812]  median at $ 33,511,
which is about twice the poverty line. n465 Accordingly, we need to ensure that
people who work earn enough money to be economically independent.


   Interestingly, this is one point on which many liberals and communitarians
can agree. For a liberal, self-sufficiency is needed to provide individuals with
dignity and to foster personal autonomy. A communitarian such as Michael Walzer
might argue that, as a nation, we must live up to our shared understanding that
full-time workers should not live in poverty. Indeed, public opinion polls back
up this assertion and the "shared understandings" touchstone thus works, in this
instance, to benefit the working poor. n466 Michael Sandel might argue that
self-sufficiency is essential to further civic republican values, because it
allows people to focus and debate on the common good without worrying solely
about basic subsistence. There are three major routes for enhancing
self-sufficiency. First, workers in the low-wage, low-skill workforce should
earn enough money to meet basic needs. Second, there should be a concerted
effort to move workers out of low-wage jobs into jobs with greater earning
potential by increasing their job training and educational opportunities. Third,
low-income families need services and support to begin accumulating assets.
Within each of these options, there are community-based strategies that could be
implemented to augment existing social bonds and to foster new ones.


   1. Raising Income


   There are several ways in which to raise the income of our low-skill,
low-wage workers. For instance, the Earned Income Tax Credit, which is a refund
against tax liability, has greatly enhanced the income of millions of low-wage
families who have earned income under $ 33,692, (or $ 34,692 for married
filers). n467 The amount of the credit depends on the earner's income, the
[*813]  number of dependent children in the family, and the claimant's marital
status. n468 The maximum amount of the credit is $ 4,204 for a family with two
or more children, or $ 382 for an adult with no children. n469 Over 20 million
people claimed the EITC in 2000, and the federal government now spends more on
the EITC than it does on TANF, making it the largest federal anti-poverty
program. n470 Although the EITC has lifted many families above the poverty line
(although not necessarily to a level of self- sufficiency), n471 the process of
claiming the EITC is excessively complicated, claimants are audited at a much
higher rate than middle- and upper- income earners, and the low-wage population
is preyed upon by tax preparers who take a hefty share of the tax credit. So,
these flaws in the program need to be corrected. In addition, while the EITC is
a strong moral expression of the value of work performed by low-wage earners,
the entire cost of the EITC is borne by taxpayers.


   Employers should also play a role in increasing income levels of their
workers, an approach consistent with the communitarian emphasis on reciprocity.
Accordingly, a raise in the minimum wage is long overdue. For instance, the
poverty line for a family of three is $ 14,824, n472 but a single-mother with
two children who makes the minimum wage earns only $ 10,712. The minimum wage is
currently $ 5.15 an hour, a value that is thirty percent below the wage's peak
in 1968, as adjusted for inflation, and nineteen percent below its value in
1979. n473 A full-time worker working fifty-two weeks a year at the minimum wage
earns only $ 10,712 per year. Moreover, a 1999 study showed that if the wage was
raised by $ 1.50, 11.9 million workers would be affected; almost seventy percent
of the workers would be over twenty; and over forty-five percent of the workers
would be full-time workers. n474 Even with a higher minimum wage, however, the
self- sufficiency standards  [*814]  demonstrate that different communities
impose different costs on their residents. Although a variable minimum wage is
probably not desirable for the economic disincentives it would create,
self-sufficiency standards can assist jurisdictions to identify the subsidy
levels needed for services such as child care or health coverage; target jobs
that pay sufficiency-level wages and train welfare recipients for those jobs;
and ensure that welfare recipients are not cut-off from needed services and
subsidies as they transition off of welfare. n475


   Living wage laws are another way for a community to value its workers and to
tailor wage levels to local costs and economic conditions. Currently,
eighty-three cities and counties have living wage laws, which generally set a
minimum wage for employees of businesses that contract with or receive subsidies
from government. n476 Although the economic impact of living wage laws is deeply
contested, they have not caused significant economic damage to any jurisdiction
that has implemented them, and they have brought a small number of workers out
of poverty. Given the virtual stalemate in the economic arguments surrounding
living wage statutes, the balance is tipped by the moral and symbolic value of
these statutes as an expression of community norms, along with the personal
dignity they afford to workers. Significantly, living wage campaigns have been
spearheaded by grassroots contingents of low-income workers demanding economic
justice, and can become platforms for organizing around other issues facing
distressed communities. n477


   2. Educational Opportunity


   Improving access to higher education is a proven method of achieving higher
earnings and upward social mobility. n478 Yet, the work-first mandate of TANF
limits post-secondary educational opportunities for welfare recipients by making
education count as a "work activity" in only narrow  [*815]  circumstances. n479
As a result, most states have focused on moving welfare recipients into
low-skill jobs as quickly as possible. n480 Post- TANF, the percentage of
welfare recipients enrolled in college dropped by half, as thousands of women
had to drop out of college and take low-wage jobs. n481 As a result, these women
are denied the increased earnings of six to twelve percent that accompany each
year of postsecondary education. n482 A bachelor's degree alone increases median
earnings by seventy-one percent. n483 Not only are earnings higher with each
increased level of education, but women with college experience spend more time
employed. n484 Although the short-term costs of education are higher than moving
women into low-wage jobs, in the long-term women with college educations are far
less likely to become dependent on public benefits. n485


   Increased education would also correct the current labor market imbalance in
which there is an oversupply of low-skilled workers and an undersupply of
educated workers. n486 Accordingly, it is imperative that our welfare system
allow education to count as work and to support mothers who pursue upper-level
degrees. n487 In this effort, the existing infrastructure of community colleges
can be a powerful tool, and, in some states, community colleges are already
extensively involved in welfare delivery as part of the welfare to work program.
n488 They train students in fields needed within the local economies and they
often combine classroom work with internship and other training opportunities.
n489 Community colleges are particularly potent partners in linking welfare to
education because of their community-based mission, experience in serving
diverse student bodies, wide range of course  [*816]  offerings, linkages with
employers, and low tuition and open admissions policies. n490


   3. Asset Development


   Raising the income levels of welfare recipients and the working poor is
unlikely to lead to self-sufficiency in the absence of opportunities for these
individuals to accumulate assets. Asset development has long been a centerpiece
of public policies that benefit the middle-class, through historic programs such
as the Homestead Act of 1962 and the GI Bill, and current programs such as the
federal mortgage interest deduction and tax-favored retirement accounts. n491
Yet, the poor have not benefitted from these wealth building programs. Since
1991, when Michael Sherraden proposed strategies for asset accumulation among
the working poor, n492 anti-poverty advocates have expanded their focus to
include not only enhancing income, but also accumulating income. The major
policy vehicle for asset accumulation by the poor is Individual Development
Accounts (IDA). n493 With IDAs, public and private funders match savings
deposited by the working poor on a 1:1 or 2:1 ratio. Usually, IDA programs
provide financial literacy training to participants, n494 and funds are
restricted to certain purposes, such as homeownership, post-secondary education,
and small business capitalization. n495 TANF allows states to use their federal
funds toward IDA programs, and thirty states have done so. n496 Although there
are 500 IDA programs nationwide, they only enroll 10,000 individuals. n497

     [*817]

   Yet, they are promising programs; data from the first national demonstration
project shows that low-income people "can and do save when given incentives and
institutional support." n498 Proponents assert that IDAs create greater
household stability, improve self-esteem, provide money management experience,
and allow for long-term planning and social mobility. In addition, asset
accumulation is expected to foster increased community involvement, social
connectedness, and civic participation. n499 Given the small-scale of these
programs, they obviously need to be expanded dramatically to have any
significant impact on anti- poverty efforts. n500 At the same time, it may be
possible to expand the concept of IDAs to include groups, as well as
individuals, as the locus of savings. n501 For instance, IDAs could be
structured on a microcredit model, in which the "basic unit is a group of
neighbors that administers loans to members, uses ties of mutual trust and
obligation to enforce repayment, passes on information and expertise, and
provides mutual aid." n502 Both individually-based and group-based IDAs have the
potential to build vibrant communities, as members are financially able to
articulate long-term plans and goals and become stakeholders in the futures of
their neighborhoods.


   D. Welfare and Morals


   TANF endorses a distinct moral vision that assumes welfare recipients are
morally deficient and need financial incentives to conform their behavior to
middle- class norms. As such, TANF is far from value-neutral; it reflects
widely-shared values within American society. For instance, TANF prefers work
over caretaking and nuclear families over other family groupings. In that sense,
it is strongly communitarian. However, TANF raises several tensions within
communitarian theory. What happens when the nation's moral vision threatens to
weaken and undermine certain communities? Whose moral vision predominates? Who
gets a say in determining the moral vision? While communitarians seem to assume
that moral values enhance community, TANF  [*818]  demonstrates that this is not
always the case. Moreover, TANF focuses its moral gaze solely on the most
marginalized members of society. "Because poor families are subject to public
oversight, they are subject to public condemnation on moral grounds for
behaviors, such as nonmarital cohabitation and childbearing, that no longer
provoke sanction or comment among the rest of the population." n503


   One way to resolve these contradictions is to focus on community building,
because positive behavioral and moral outcomes are likely to result. If welfare
recipients have economic security, many of TANF's behavioral modification
incentives will no longer be necessary to secure the desired outcomes. n504 For
instance, one of the purposes of TANF is to encourage "formation and maintenance
of two-parent families." n505 President Bush has proposed pumping $ 1.5 billion
into marriage promotion activities as an anti-poverty tool. n506 These proposals
are founded on data that show that single-parent families have a much higher
poverty rate (twenty-six percent) than two-parent biological families (five
percent), and that sixty-nine percent of children of single-mothers who never
marry are poor. n507 This does not mean, however, that marriage will cure
poverty, because if two poor people marry, they are still poor. n508


   Rather, poverty is both a cause and an effect of single parenthood. n509
Thus, if currently jobless African-American males obtained well-paying jobs, it
is likely that the marriage rate in inner-city communities would increase far
more than it would with the counseling programs and other horatory methods being
packaged as part of marriage promotion. n510 Of course, disincentives to
marriage should be removed within the welfare and tax systems, but marriage
[*819]  promotion programs may penalize children of single-parents and are
misdirected at the real causes of low marriage rates. As Michael Selmi and Naomi
Cahn have pointed out, such marriage promotion initiatives permit the government
to evade responsibility for alleviating poverty. They "change the focus from the
workplace to the family, and from systemic problems faced by women to individual
blame." n511 They privatize the burden for alleviating poverty, rather than
calling for collective responsibility. As a practical matter, marriage does not
always lead to superior outcomes. It can enforce women's dependence on men, and
threaten women's financial well-being in the event of divorce n512 -which occurs
in fifty percent of all marriages. n513 Moreover, while children do best in
low-conflict families with two biological parents, step-families have no greater
child outcomes than single-parent families. As a result, "[e]ducation, training,
and jobs provide more stable protection against poverty than does the simple
fact of marriage." n514


   This suggests that the moral vision with the least risk of marginalizing the
poor and the most likelihood of reducing poverty is one that is committed to
obtaining economic justice for the poor. It is a moral vision that most
Americans agree with, and it is one that is most likely to improve civic
participation and re- energize the political process. Testing welfare recipients
for drugs and capping their welfare benefits when new children areborn achieves
nothing but moral censure. A moral voice that fails to impact outcomes is like
shouting into the wind. Surely, we can do better.


   Conclusion


   Michael Walzer describes communitarianism as a recurrent critique within
liberalism. While communitarianism is unlikely to ever replace liberalism, or
even to radically transform our political landscape, Walzer views it as a
corrective to the sense of loss in an increasingly mobile and unsettled society.
For the poor, however, who are significantly less mobile and more unsettled than
the rest of society, communitarianism offers a corrective for a different
failing within liberalism. The American meritocracy myth, postulating that
anyone can get ahead based on individual merit in a land of endless opportunity,
results from, and is constantly reinforced by, our liberal tradition. Liberalism
thus provides the vocabulary by which the poor  [*820]  are penalized. By
contrast, because communitarianism focuses on the involuntary ties that bind us,
it offers a way out of this trap. It forces us to examine communities, both for
the good they offer and the harms they exact on their members. It requires that
we look to the structural social and economic forces that shape communities and
define their members. In focusing on the common good, it suggests a national
communal obligation to alleviate hardships within distressed communities.


   Yet, communitarianism offers perils as well. It can be unduly moralistic,
majoritarian, and authoritarian in attempting to articulate visions of the good
life without providing avenues for resolving dissent and discord about what
constitutes the good. Here, liberalism offers the corrective through its values
of individual dignity and human rights. The poor exercise autonomy within a very
constrained sphere of opportunity and are subject to governmental intrusions
into their personal privacy. If anything, they need increased autonomy; not
less. Moreover, the few rights that the poor do possess-such as constitutional
rights to fair and equal treatment in the receipt of public benefits, protection
against unlawful searches and seizures, and access to the courts-help to
maintain community, rather than to threaten it. In learning about and exercising
these and other statutory rights, the poor can move even beyond Sandel's genteel
notions of civic republicanism and build community through coalition-building
and grassroots organizing that makes demands on the larger community for
economic justice. The poor need both community and individual rights simply to
survive, and they certainly need both to flourish.



Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Business & Corporate LawUnincorporated AssociationsLabor & Employment
LawDisability & Unemployment InsuranceDisability BenefitsCoverage &
DefinitionsGeneral OverviewPublic Health & Welfare LawSocial SecurityAssistance
to FamiliesTemporary Assistance to Needy FamiliesEligibility

FOOTNOTES:




n1  See The Responsive Communitarian Platform, at
http://www.gwu.edu/ccps/platformtext.html. The platform is also reprinted in
Amitai Etzioni, The Spirit of Community: The Reinvention of Society 251-67
(1993) [hereinafter Etzioni, Spirit of Community].




n2  To clarify, in this context, liberalism refers to our dominant political
theory that views state neutrality and individual freedom to pursue one's chosen
goals as essential to justice. It does not refer to "liberal" in the jargon of
modern day politics, in which the liberal view is the opposite of
conservativism, and is defined as favoring a more generous welfare state and
greater social equality. Indeed, liberalism in the political theory sense
encompasses both mainstream democratic and republican party political
viewpoints; on both ends of the American political spectrum the emphasis is on
maximizing the pursuit of individual ends. For political liberals this is
achieved by providing needy individuals with the resources they need to
meaningfully pursue their goals; for conservatives this is achieved by reducing
the scope and reach of government. See generally Michael Sandel, Democracy's
Discontent 4-5 (1996) [hereinafter Sandel, Democracy's Discontent].




n3  Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996,
Pub. L. No. 104-193, 110 Stat. 2105 (1996) (codified at 42 U.S.C. § 604(a)
(2000)).




n4  This article is mindful that using the term "the poor," has the potential to
mark low-income individuals as a separate, deviant class and blurs significant
differences between and among poor people. See Thomas Ross, The Rhetoric of
Poverty: Their Immorality, Our Helplessness, 79 Geo. L.J. 1499, 1499-1500
(1991). Moreover, by conceptualizing the poor as a monolithic community, this
article also falls prey to Daniel Ortiz's critique of categorical community.
Daniel R. Ortiz, Categorical Community, 51 Stan. L. Rev. 769, 806 (1999)
("Instead of simplifying identity in these dangerous ways, we should
disaggregate and refine it-that is, acknowledge communities as fundamentally
important but also as messily complex. In this view, individuals, instead of
lying within a single community, would often lie at the intersection of many
different ones."). Nevertheless, people who are unable to meet basic subsistence
needs are bound by a commonality; American society has never fully recognized or
responded to their needs. Accordingly, for lack of a better term, less loaded
with cultural assumptions, this article uses the term "poor" to mean people who
live in situations of economic deprivation.




n5  See Responsive Communitarian Platform, supra note 1, at 7.




n6  See, e.g., Robert M. Ackerman, Tort Law and Communitarianism: Where Rights
Meet Responsibilities, 30 Wake Forest L. Rev. 649 (1995); Gregory S. Alexander,
Dilemmas of Group Autonomy: Residential Associations and Community, 75 Cornell
L. Rev. 1 (1989); William T. Allen, Contracts and Communities in Corporation
Law, 50 Wash. & Lee L. Rev. 1395 (1993); Carlos A. Ball, Communitarianism and
Gay Rights, 85 Cornell L. Rev. 443 (2000); Brandon P. Denning & Glenn Harlan
Reynolds, It Takes a Militia: A Communitarian Case for Compulsory Arms Bearing,
5 Wm. & Mary Bill Rts. J. 185 (1996); Mary Ann Glendon, Law, Communities, and
the Religious Freedom Language of the Constitution, 60 Geo. Wash. L. Rev. 672
(1992); George C. Harris, The Communitarian Function of the Criminal Jury Trial
and Rights of the Accused, 74 Neb. L. Rev. 804 (1995); David Schuman, Taking Law
Seriously: Communitarian Search and Seizure, 27 Am. Crim. L. Rev. 583 (1990);
Paul R. Tremblay, Toward a Community-Based Ethic for Legal Services Practice, 37
UCLA L. Rev. 1101 (1990); Shirley Woodward, Debt to Society: A Communitarian
Approach to Criminal Antiprofit Laws, 85 Geo. L.J. 455 (1996); Note, A
Communitarian Defense of Group Libel Laws, 101 Harv. L. Rev. 682 (1988).




n7  This is the core dispute within liberalism. Compare John Rawls, A Theory of
Justice (1971), with Robert Nozick, Anarchy, State, and Utopia (1974).




n8  See Thomas W. Simon, The Theoretical Marginalization of the Disadvantaged: A
Liberal/Communitarian Failing, in The Liberalism-Communitarianism Debate:
Liberty and Community Values 103 (C.F. Delaney ed., 1994) (Simon argues that
liberals and communitarians alike have "relegated disadvantaged groups . . . to
the theoretical margins"). Whatever the cause, this theoretical neglect is hard
to justify in a country where 34.6 million people live below the poverty line
and where one in six children live in poor families. Bernadette D. Proctor &
Joseph Dalaker, U.S. Census Bureau, Poverty in the United States: 2002, at 2, 7
(2003).




n9  42 U.S.C. §§ 601-19 (1994) (repealed 1996).




n10  See Amy Guttman, Communitarian Critics of Liberalism, in Communitarianism:
A New Public Ethics 89, 95 (Markate Daly ed., 1994) ("Although the political
implications of the communitarian criticisms of liberalism are conservative, the
constructive potential of communitarian values is not.").




n11  Both President Clinton, who signed the TANF legislation, and President
Bush, who has attempted to expand the provision of faith-based social services,
have been influenced by communitarianism. See, e.g., Eva Feder Kittay, A
Feminist Public Ethic of Care Meets the New Communitarian Family Policy, 111
Ethics 523, 526 (Apr. 2001) (noting the "access to political decision-making" by
new communitarians); Karen J. Winkler, Communitarians Move Their Ideas Outside
Academic Arena, 39 Chron. Higher Educ., Apr. 21, 1993, at A6 (noting appointment
of William Galston, a prominent communitarian theorist, as deputy assistant to
President Clinton for domestic policy); Dana Milbank, Needed: Catchword for Bush
Ideology, Wash. Post, Feb. 1, 2001, at A1 (describing President Bush's meetings
with prominent communitarians); Michael Wines, Bootstraps: Not My Job, Not Our
Job, So Whose Job Is It?, N.Y. Times, Apr. 9, 1995, § 4, at 1 (describing
President Clinton's appropriation of communitarian themes in designing welfare
reform).




n12  Michael Walzer, Spheres of Justice (1983).




n13  Sandel, Democracy's Discontent, supra note 2; Michael Sandel, Liberalism
and the Limits of Justice (2d ed. 1998) [hereinafter Sandel, Liberalism].




n14  Amitai Etzioni, Next: The Road to the Good Society (2001) [hereinafter
Etzioni, Next]; Amitai Etzioni, The New Golden Rule (1996) [hereinafter Etzioni,
New Golden Rule]; Etzioni, The Spirit of Community, supra note 1.




n15  See infra notes 309-92 and accompanying text. African-Americans are the
largest group of welfare recipients by race (37.3 percent as compared to 35.8
percent of whites), and welfare recipients are disproportionately black. See
Staff of House Comm. on Ways and Means, 106th Cong., 2000 Green Book: Background
Materials and Data on Programs Within the Jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways
and Means 438-39 (2000). It is important to note, however, that "other people of
color are subject to welfare racist stereotypes similar to those imposed on
African Americans, albeit to different degrees." Kenneth J. Neubeck & Noel A.
Cazenave, Welfare Racism: Playing the Race Card Against America's Poor 148
(2001).




n16  Adam Swift & Stephen Mulhall, Liberals and Communitarians 1 (1992). The
impact of Rawls on the law was the subject a recent symposium issue, Rawls and
the Law, 72 Fordham L. Rev. 1381 (2004).




n17  This was a reaction against and response to utilitarianism, which posits
that the purpose of justice is to maximize the overall level of happiness
without regard to impact on individual persons.




n18  Rawls, supra note 7, at 136-37. They know only the "general facts about
human society" such as politics, economics, and human psychology. Id. at 137.




n19  See id. at 176.




n20  Under his first principle, "[e]ach person is to have an equal right to the
most extensive total system of equal basic liberties compatible with a similar
system of liberty for all." Id. at 302.




n21  Id. at 61.




n22  Id. at 440.




n23  Id. Rawls identifies two aspects of self-respect. "First . . . a person's
sense of his own value, his secure conviction that his conception of his good,
his plan of life, is worth carrying out. And second, self-respect implies a
confidence in one's ability, so far as it is within one's power, to fulfill
one's intentions." Id.




n24  Id. at 275.




n25  Id. at 303.




n26  See id. at 447-48.




n27  Id. at 60.




n28  Id. at 212 (stating that the government has "neither the right nor the duty
to do what it or a majority . . . wants to do in questions of morals and
religion").




n29  Id. at 4.




n30  See id. at 97-98. "[I]t seems clear that Rawls regards American society to
be failing most significantly in matters of distributive justice, the
distribution of social and economic benefits." Robert P. Burns, Rawls and the
Principles of Welfare Law, 83 Nw. U. L. Rev. 184, 194 (1989).




n31  Rawls, supra note 7, at 104.




n32 " Rawls' explicit statements on income maintenance policy are few and
fragmentary, which is surprising in light of its importance to the plausibility
of his theory and, as he would have it, its superiority over its rivals." Burns,
supra note 30, at 238. Burns concludes that applying Rawls's principles would
not lead to a just welfare system. For instance, Burns points out that while the
difference principle ensures that income is distributed only if it also benefits
the least advantaged, the resulting pattern of distribution would not
necessarily satisfy basic needs. Id. at 204; see also William E. Forbath,
Constitutional Welfare Rights: A History, Critique, and Reconstruction, 69
Fordham L. Rev. 1821, 1875 (2001) (concluding that Rawls would support work
requirements); Amy L. Wax, Something for Nothing: Liberal Justice and Welfare
Work Requirements, 52 Emory L.J. 1, 37-45 (2003) (noting that Rawls is
inconclusive as to whether a welfare system should require work).




n33  See Swift & Mulhall, supra note 16, at xi.




n34  Robin West, Rights, Capabilities, and the Good Society, 69 Fordham L. Rev.
1901, 1922 (2001) (lamenting the legal academy's abandonment of efforts to
locate welfare rights in the Constitution); see also Burns, supra note 30, at
237-38.




n35  Rawls responded to the communitarian critique in Political Liberalism, in
which he moved away from the conception of personhood set forth in A Theory of
Justice, and described the original position as a political conception that
allows diverse voices to coexist peacefully through public reason without
endorsing any comprehensive moral doctrine. John Rawls, Political Liberalism
(1993). This article discusses Rawls only as background to understand the
communitarian critique, and thus, it is outside the scope of this article to
evaluate Political Liberalism.




n36  Markate Daly, Introduction, in Communitarianism: A New Public Ethic
xiii-xvi (Markate Daly ed., 1994); see also Linda C. McClain, Rights and
Irresponsibility, 43 Duke L.J. 989, 1025 (1994) ("In many ways, the new
communitarianism simply calls attention to the failures of American society to
realize liberal principles and presuppositions about the requirements for a
stable political order.").




n37  Sandel, Democracy's Discontent, supra note 2, at 1.




n38  Mary Ann Glendon, Rights Talk: The Impoverishment of Political Discourse 14
(1991).




n39  Charles Taylor, The Modern Identity, in Communitarianism: A New Public
Ethic, supra note 36, at 64-65.




n40  Id.




n41  Communitarians, and Michael Sandel in particular, have been criticized for
over-simplifying or misconstruing the liberal position. See, e.g., Will
Kymlicka, Liberal Egalitarianism and Civil Republicanism: Friends or Enemies?,
in Debating Democracy's Discontent 131-48 (Anita L. Allen & Milton C. Regan, Jr.
eds., 1998); Richard Rorty, A Defense of Minimalist Liberalism, in Debating
Democracy's Discontent, supra at 117-18. See also Lawrence B. Solum, Situating
Political Liberalism, 69 Chi.-Kent L. Rev. 549, 557-58, 557 n.43 (1994) ("The
veil of ignorance is not intended to reflect a theory of the self; instead the
veil provides a representation of a political idea about the freedom and
equality of citizens.").




n42  Charles Taylor, Philosophy and the Human Sciences: Philosophical Papers II
189-90 (1985).




n43  Sandel, Democracy's Discontent, supra note 2, at 13. Walzer notes the
tension within communitarian doctrine between saying that liberalism describes
how we live and at the same time asserting that liberalism does not accurately
describe the human condition. Michael Walzer, The Communitarian Critique of
Liberalism, 18 Pol. Theory 6 (1990).




n44  Communitarians tend to focus on involuntary, rather than voluntary,
societal connections.




n45  Swift & Mulhall, supra note 16, at 162. As Michael Sandel says, "community
describes not just what [people] have as fellow citizens but also what they are,
not a relationship they choose (as in a voluntary association) but an attachment
they discover, not merely an attribute but a constituent of their identity."
Sandel, Liberalism, supra note 13, at 150.




n46  Alisdair MacIntyre, After Virtue 205 (1981).




n47  Sandel, Liberalism, supra note 13, at 172.




n48  MacIntyre, supra note 46, at 205.




n49  Indeed, communitarians resist the "communitarian" label that has been
placed upon them by others. They go to pains to distinguish themselves from one
another, but they share an underlying commitment to revitalizing a sense of
community that they believe has been lost to liberal values. See Daly, supra
note 36, at xiv. For a detailed discussion of the distinction between the
various strands of communitarianism see Stephen A. Gardbaum, Law, Politics, and
the Claims of Community, 90 Mich. L. Rev. 685 (1992).




n50  See Daly, supra note 36, at xiv.




n51  See Shlomo Avineri & Avner De-Shalit, Communitarianism and Individualism 9
(Vernon Bogdanor & Geoffrey Marshall eds., 1992).




n52  Michael Walzer, Radical Principles: Reflections of an Unreconstructed
Democrat 92, 98 (1980).




n53  Rawls, Political Liberalism, supra note 35, at xx, xxviii.




n54  Sandel, Liberalism, supra note 13, at xi.




n55  See Benjamin Barber, Strong Democracy: Participatory Politics for a New Age
xv (1984) ("Without participating in the common life that defines them and in
the decision-making that shapes their social habitat, women and men cannot
become individuals.").




n56  Elizabeth Frazer, The Problems of Communitarian Politics: Unity and
Conflict 22-23 (1999).




n57  The Supreme Court held that AFDC was an entitlement, and not a mere
privilege, in Goldberg v. Kelly, 397 U.S. 254, 262 (1970).




n58  42 U.S.C. § 601(b) (2000).




n59  Id. § 604(a).




n60  Id. § 601(a).




n61  The conservative attack on welfare was set forth in Lawrence Mead, Beyond
Entitlement: The Social Obligations of Citizenship (1986) (stating that work
should be a condition of welfare) and Charles Murray, Losing Ground 227-33
(1984) (arguing that welfare should be abolished).




n62  See Kathleen A. Kost & Frank W. Munger, Fooling All of the People Some of
the Time: 1990s Welfare Reform and the Exploitation of American Values, 4 Va. J.
Soc. Pol'y & L. 3, 25- 34 (1996).




n63  David Ellwood, Poor Support 44 (1988). See also Judith M. Gueron, Welfare
and Poverty: The Elements of Reform, 11 Yale L. & Pol'y Rev. 113 (1993) ("For
the last thirty years, there has been widespread agreement that the nation's
welfare system should be reformed to make it more consistent with basic public
values endorsing the primacy of family and the importance of work.").




n64  Jason DeParle, The Ellwoods: Mugged by Reality, N.Y. Times Mag., Dec. 8,
1996, at 64 (describing welfare reform as a "corruption" of Ellwood's ideas and
explaining that Ellwood proposed accompanying welfare time limits with
"universal health care, expanded training programs, wage supplements, guaranteed
child support and last-resort Government jobs").




n65  42 U.S.C. § 602(a)(1)(A)(ii) (2000).




n66  Id. § 608(a)(7).




n67  See State Policy Documentation Project, Findings in Brief: Time Limits,
State Policy Documentation Project, at
http://www.spdp.org/tanf/timelimits/timelimitexpl.htm (last modified July 20,
2000).




n68  It is estimated that twenty-five percent of the welfare caseload is under
sanction. See Sharon Hays, Flat Broke With Children 41 (2003).




n69  See id. at 11. Over ninety percent of welfare clients are mothers, most of
whom are raising their children alone. Id. Only seven percent of welfare cases
consist of two- parent households. Id. States may exempt mothers with children
under the age of one from work requirements, 42 U.S.C. § 607(b)(5) (2000), and
they must lift work requirements for mothers with children under the age of six
if the mother can prove that she cannot obtain "appropriate or affordable" child
care. Id. § 607(e)(2).




n70  Single mothers have long been the subject of moral regulation through
welfare policies. See Gwendolyn Mink, Welfare's End 103-08 (1998); Linda Gordon,
Pitied but not Entitled: Single Mothers and the History of Welfare: 1890-1935
(1994); Mimi Abramovitz, Regulating the Lives of Women: Social Welfare Policy
from Colonial Times to the Present (rev. ed. 1996).




n71  42 U.S.C. § 608(a)(4), (5) (2000). There are some limited exceptions to
this rule if an adult relative is not available or where the placement could
result in harm to the parent and/or child. Id. § 608(a)(5)(B).




n72  Id. § 608(a)(2).




n73  Twenty-one states have family cap policies, which deny incremental benefits
for children born to parents receiving welfare. See Family Cap: Overview, State
Policy Documentation Project, at http://www.spdp.org/famcap/famcapover.htm (last
visited Feb. 7, 2005).




n74  42 U.S.C. § 604(j) (2000).




n75  Legal immigrants are restricted from receiving TANF benefits for their
first five years in the United States; no federal benefits may be awarded to
undocumented immigrants. 8 U.S.C. § 1611(a) (2000). For a discussion of the
complicated welfare rules now governing immigrants, see John Fredriksson,
Bridging the Gap Between Rights and Responsibilities: Policy Changes Affecting
Refugees and Immigrants in the United States Since 1996, 14 Geo. Immigr. L.J.
757 (2000).




n76  42 U.S.C. § 604(i) (2000). States can also elect whether or not to adopt
exemptions that stop the five-year clock from running. Eighteen states have no
time limit exemptions; that is, the clock runs in those states even where the
wage earner is disabled, a victim of domestic violence, or pregnant. See
Findings in Brief: Time Limits, State Policy Documentation Project, at
http://www.spdp.org/tanf/ timelimits/timelimitexpl.htm (last visited Feb. 7,
2005).




n77  See Christine M. Cimini, The New Contract: Welfare Reform, Devolution, and
Due Process, 61 Md. L. Rev. 246, 258-59 (2002).




n78  See Michele Estrin Gilman, "Charitable Choice" and the Accountability
Challenge: Reconciling the Need for Regulation with the First Amendment Religion
Clauses, 55 Vand. L. Rev. 799, 806-09 (2002) [hereinafter Gilman, Charitable
Choice].




n79  Michele Estrin Gilman, Legal Accountability in an Era of Privatized
Welfare, 89 Cal. L. Rev. 569, 596 (2001) [hereinafter Gilman, Accountability].




n80  Isabel V. Sawhill, The New Paternalism: Earned Welfare, in Rights and the
Common Good: The Communitarian Perspective 131, 133 (Amitai Etzioni ed., 1995).




n81  Id. at 134 (discussing the "community's right (subject to constitutional
limitations) to express its values through the political system").




n82  See infra Part I.E.




n83  For a legislative history of TANF's enactment, see Hugh Heclo, The Politics
of Welfare Reform, in The New World of Welfare 169-94 (Rebecca Blank & Ron
Haskins eds., 2001).




n84  See Kost & Munger, supra note 62, at 28.




n85  Researchers debate whether the dramatic drop in welfare recipients was due
to TANF, the economy (which was strong immediately following TANF's enactment),
or to other support policies such as the Earned Income Tax Credit. See Alan Weil
& Kenneth Finegold, Introduction, in Welfare Reform: The Next Act xx-xxi (Alan
Weil & Kenneth Finegold eds., 2002) [hereinafter The Next Act]. The number of
welfare recipients was already falling prior to 1996, but continued to drop
dramatically after TANF was adopted. Between 1996 and 2000, a period marked by a
robust economy, the number of people receiving welfare dropped by half, see id.
at xx, although caseloads in most states started to rise again slightly by 2001
and then to continue to fluctuate mildly or remain flat. The Center for Law and
Policy has a series of detailed reports available on their website tracking the
welfare caseloads at www.clasp.org. See, e.g., Hedieh Rahmanou & Mark Greenberg,
Welfare Caseloads Increase in 27 States Between June and September 2003, Center
for Law and Social Policy, available at http://www.clasp.org/publications/TANF
pr 021704.pdf.




n86  Regarding the effectiveness of TANF, Sharon Hays estimates from a review of
welfare studies that ten to fifteen percent of welfare mothers are in a better
position post-TANF, and stresses that increased child care subsidies, income
supplements, bus vouchers, and other benefits spurred by TANF have been helpful
for some recipients. Yet overall, "in the long run and in the aggregate, poor
mothers and children are worse off now than they were prior to reform." Hays,
supra note 68, at 225-26.




n87  See Pamela J. Loprest, Fewer Welfare Leavers Employed in Weak Economy, 5
Snapshots of America's Fams. (Urban Institute), Aug. 2003, at 3 [hereinafter
Loprest, Fewer Welfare Leavers]. One-third of people who have left welfare are
working part-time, one-third have health insurance, and one-quarter work jobs
with irregular hours. See Pamela J. Loprest, Making the Transition from Welfare
to Work: Successes but Continuing Concerns, in The Next Act, supra note 85, at
17, 20 [hereinafter Loprest, Making the Transition].




n88  See Loprest, Fewer Welfare Leavers, supra note 87, at 3.




n89  The poorest of the poor are getting poorer. "The number of persons in
independent single-parent families who lived in extreme poverty increased . . .
." Sheila R. Zedlewski, Family Incomes: Rising, Falling, or Holding Steady?, in
The Next Act, supra note 85, at 70. Disposable income for single-parent families
in the bottom income quintile declined by eight percent between 1996 and 1998.
Id.




n90  See Loprest, Making the Transition, supra note 87, at 22.




n91  See Fragile Families Research Brief, Variations in Maternal and Child
Wellbeing by TANF Eligibility and Participation (October 2003). These families
chose not to apply, were deterred from applying (perhaps because of fears of
hitting the lifetime limit), or were not actually eligible due to immigration
status. Fourteen percent of people who left welfare had no sources of income in
2002. See Loprest, Fewer Welfare Leavers, supra note 87, at 1.




n92  See Hays, supra note 68, at 222-24.




n93  See Loprest, Making the Transition, supra note 87, at 22-23. Fifty-one
percent of welfare leavers with no barriers were working in 2002; while only
fourteen percent of welfare leavers with two or more barriers were working.
Sheila R. Zedlewski, Work and Barriers to Work Among Welfare Recipients in 2002,
3 Snapshots of America's Fams. (Urban Institute), Aug. 2003, at 1.




n94  See Rutledge Q. Hutson, Red Flags: Research Raises Concerns About the
Impact of "Welfare Reform" on Child Maltreatment, Center for Law and Social
Policy, Oct. 2001, available at http://www.childrensrights.org (last visited
Feb. 25, 2005).




n95  For instance, in 1993, the number of child maltreatment cases began
decreasing, and this has continued post- TANF. At the same time, post-TANF, the
number of children in foster care has grown. It is hard to isolate the cause of
these trends. Hutson, supra note 94, at 9-10.




n96  See Issue Brief, Child and Youth Well-Being Under Welfare Reform: Recent
Research (NGA Center for Best Practices), Jan. 2004, at 1. While elementary age
children in welfare families appear to be achieving some gains in school
achievement and behavior, teen-age children are showing some negative impacts,
through poor school achievement, increases in drinking and smoking, and problem
behavior. Id. at 1-4; Greg J. Duncan & P. Lindsay Chase-Lansdale, Welfare Reform
and Child Well-Being, Northwestern University, available at http://www.icpr.org
(last visited Feb. 25, 2005). This may be due to decreased parental supervision
and/or increased child care responsibilities for teenagers who must care for
their younger siblings. Martha Zaslow et al., How Are Children Faring Under
Welfare Reform?, in The Next Act, supra note 85, at 82.




n97  Weil & Finegold, in The Next Act, supra note 85, at xxii.




n98  See Hutson, supra note 94.




n99  See id.




n100  See Duncan & Chase-Lansdale, supra note 96. See also Children in Low
Income Families Fare Better with Work Supports, The Forum (Nat'l Ctr. for
Children in Poverty) Oct. 2003.




n101  See Hutson, supra note 94.




n102  See id.




n103  See Gregory Acs & Heather Koball, TANF and the Status of Teen Mothers
Under Age 18 (Urban Institute), June 2003, at 1-2. The decrease in teen mothers
predates TANF. See Robert I. Lerman, Family Structure and Childbearing before
and after Welfare Reform, in The Next Act, supra note 85, at 42-43.




n104  See Lerman, supra note 103, at 43.




n105  See id. at 45-46.




n106  See id. at 46.




n107  Hays, supra note 68, at 216.




n108  See John Iceland, Poverty in America 3 (2003). African-Americans do,
however, suffer a poverty rate almost twice that of the national poverty rate.
Id. at 81.




n109  See E. Douglass Williams & Richard H. Sander, The Prospects for "Putting
America to Work" in the Inner City, 81 Geo. L.J. 2003, 2035-36 (1993).




n110  Id. at 2036. There are at least two strands to this behavioral explanation
for poverty. Some culture of poverty theorists such as Charles Murray maintained
that people made rational economic choices to stay on AFDC, and that elimination
of welfare would solve poverty. Other theorists stressed the "bad" family
choices of welfare recipients to forgo marriage and to have children out of
wedlock, and posited that "better" behavior would solve poverty. See Williams &
Sander, supra note 109, at 2035-41.




n111  See Nina Perales, A "Tangle of Pathology": Racial Myth and the New Jersey
Family Development Act, in Mothers in Law: Feminist Theory and the Legal
Regulation of Motherhood 250, 257-58 (Martha Albertson Fineman & Isabel Karpin
eds., 1995). See also Joel Handler, Ending Welfare as We Know It-Wrong for
Welfare, Wrong for Poverty, 2 Geo. J. on Fighting Poverty 3, 7 (1994).




n112  Michael Katz, Improving Poor People 64 (1995).




n113  See Michael Katz, The "Underclass" Debate 4 (1993) (quoting a 1977 Time
Magazine story describing the underclass as follows: "Behind the [ghetto's]
crumbling walls, lives a large group of people who are more intractable, more
socially alien and more hostile than almost anyone had imagined. They are the
unreachables: The American underclass.").




n114  During the debates on welfare reform, poor mothers on welfare were
referred to at various times as "breeding mules," "alligators," and "monkeys."
For instance, House Ways and Means Chair, Rep. Clay Shaw Jr. said, "It may be
like hitting a mule with a two-by-four, but you've got to get their attention."
Louis Kushnik, Responding to Urban Crisis, Functions of White Racism, in A New
Introduction to Poverty: The Role of Race, Power, and Politics 147, 160 (Louis
Kushnick & James Jennings eds., 1999). See also Neubeck & Cazenave, supra note
15, at 169- 70. For a detailed description of the racist underpinnings of the
welfare system, see Jill Quadagno, The Color of Welfare: How Racism Undermined
the War on Poverty (1994).




n115  See generally Mink, supra note 70, at 33-35; Valerie Polakow, Savage
Distributions, Welfare Myths and Daily Lives, in A New Introduction to Poverty:
The Role of Race, Power, and Politics, supra note 114, at 241, 246-48; Handler,
supra note 111; Kost & Munger, supra note 62, at 34; Sylvia Law, Ending Welfare
As We Know It, 49 Stan. L. Rev. 471, 483 (1997); Morgan B. Ward Doran & Dorothy
E. Roberts, Welfare Reform and Families in the Child Welfare System, 61 Md. L.
Rev. 386, 399-402 (2002); Lucy A. Williams, Race, Rat Bites and Unfit Mothers:
How Media Discourse Informs Welfare Legislation Debate, 22 Fordham Urb. L.J.
1159 (1995); Note, Dethroning the Welfare Queen, The Rhetoric of Reform, 107
Harv. L. Rev. 2013 (1994).




n116  See Law, supra note 115, at 476-79 (summarizing research from monthly data
on welfare populations). Moreover, culture of poverty theorists, such as Charles
Murray, could never explain why welfare rolls increased as the value of benefits
decreased. See Michael Katz, The Price of Citizenship: Redefining the Welfare
State 320 (2002) [hereinafter Katz, The Price of Citizenship].




n117  See Handler, supra note 111, at 14.




n118  See id. at 7. Welfare families are no larger than non-welfare families,
and the growth in single-parent families has occurred across class lines. In
addition, most daughters (sixty-four percent) who grew up in AFDC dependent
households did not become welfare dependent themselves, although "there is a
higher likelihood of welfare receipt among women with welfare backgrounds" due
to the effects of poverty and single parenthood. Id. at 14-15.




n119  See infra notes 461-65 and accompanying text. "Although causality is not
well understood, the fact remains that poverty, and not welfare dependency, is
the single most powerful predictor of the harmful behavioral consequences that
we ascribe to welfare families." Handler, supra note 111, at 8 (noting that
welfare population is much smaller than the poverty population).




n120  Id. at 15-16. Indeed, in a study of AFDC recipients in Chicago in the late
1980s, researchers found that most welfare recipients were working in order to
meet basic expenses, but were not reporting this income. Id. at 15. Moreover,
most welfare recipients regularly cycle off of welfare for work because of the
precarious nature of the low-wage workforce. Id. at 16. See also Polakow, supra
note 115, at 247 ("The reality is that most women on welfare have worked part
time, and many are cyclical part-time workers forced out of the labor market by
lack of jobs, layoffs, and/or ever-pressing needs for health care and child
care.").




n121  See William Julius Wilson, When Work Disappears 179-81 (1996).




n122  See Peter Dreier et al., Place Matters: Metropolitics for the Twenty-First
Century 22 (2001). Particularly damning for theories that target black
communities as uniquely pathological, researchers have demonstrated that poor
whites exhibit the same "deviant" behaviors as African-Americans. See Yvette
Alex-Assenoh, Myths About Race and the Underclass: Concentrated Poverty and
"Underclass" Behaviors, 31 Urb. Aff. Rev. 3-17 (1995).




n123  See Katz, The Price of Citizenship, supra note 116, at 320 ("In the
welfare debates of the 1990s, conservative accounts of research simply
misrepresented the evidence.").




n124  See Kost & Munger, supra note 62, at 33 (arguing that the culture of
poverty thesis has been widely accepted because it "satisfies so many political
and ideological needs").




n125  See id. at 66-72; Iceland, supra note 108, at 77- 78. See also Handler,
supra note 111, at 10-12; Katz, supra note 112, at 77-78.




n126  William Julius Wilson, The Truly Disadvantaged: The Inner City, the
Underclass, and Public Policy 29-62 (1990).




n127  David K. Shipler, The Working Poor 7 (2004). Shipler notes, "The poor have
less control than the affluent over their private decisions, less insulation
from the cold machinery of government, less agility to navigate around the
pitfalls of a frenetic world driven by technology and competition." Id.




n128  See Wilson, supra note 121, at 181-82. See also Iceland, supra note 108,
at 96 (evaluating poverty research and concluding that "[e]ven among people who
have been poor for a long time and, moreover, live in high poverty areas,
differences are likely less rooted in aberrant values and more a result of
functional adaptations to a difficult environment").




n129  See Douglas S. Massey & Nancy A. Denton, American Apartheid: Segregation
and the Making of the Underclass 148-49 (1998). See also Alice O'Connor,
Historical Perspectives on Race and Community Revitalization, at
http://www.aspeninstitute.org/ Program1.asp?bid=1251 (last visited Apr. 5, 2005)
("[H]istory, with its central concern for human agency, shows unequivocably that
there is nothing 'natural' or inevitable about the racialized 'pockets' of
concentrated poverty that have become an accepted part of the urban-and rural
-United States."). Massey and Denton argue for dismantling the ghettos through
integrationist policies. Massey & Denton, supra at 225-26. For a critique of
their approach, see John O. Calmore, Racialized Space and the Culture of
Segregation: "Hewing a Stone of Hope From a Mountain of Despair," 143 U. Pa. L.
Rev. 1233, 1245 (1995) (arguing that the culture of segregation thesis is a
variation on the culture of poverty thesis that perpetuates stereotypes of the
poor).




n130  See Massey & Denton, supra note 129, at 44. "As poor blacks from the south
entered cities in large numbers, middle-class whites fled to the suburbs to
escape them and to insulate themselves from the social problems that accompanied
the rising tide of poor." Id. at 55. See also Wilson, supra note 121, at 46 ("By
manipulating market incentives, the federal government drew middle-class whites
to the suburbs and, in effect, trapped blacks in the inner cities.").




n131  See Massey & Denton, supra note 129, at 50-52. As a result, property
owners in the inner cities could not sell their properties, which declined in
value and led to a "pattern of disrepair, deterioration, vacancy, and
abandonment." Id. at 55.




n132  See Wilson, supra note 121, at 47; Michael Katz, Reframing the Underclass
Debate, in A New Introduction to Poverty: The Role of Race, Power, and Politics,
supra note 114, at 68-69.




n133  See Katz, supra note 132, at 68.




n134  See Massey & Denton, supra note 129, at 55-56.




n135  See id. at 104; see also id. at 60-82, 98-100. "Although each individual
act of discrimination may be small and subtle, together they have a powerful
cumulative effect in lowering the probability of black entry into white
neighborhoods." Id. at 98.




n136  Katz, supra note 132, at 69.




n137  See Paul A. Jargowsky, Stunning Progress, Hidden Problems: The Dramatic
Decline of Concentrated Poverty in the 1990s, The Brookings Institution, May
2003, at www.brookings.edu/es/urban/publications/jargowskypoverty.pdf. In the
1990s, the number of African-Americans living in concentrated poverty
neighborhoods (defined as census tracts where over forty percent of residents
are below the poverty line) dropped by one- third after two decades of
staggeringly high increases. Id. However, inner-ring suburbs experienced
increases in poverty. Id. Moreover, the recession of the early 2000s,
accompanied by increases in unemployment and a rise in the poverty rate, may be
countering this trend. Id.; see also William Julius Wilson, editorial, There
Goes the Neighborhood, N.Y. Times, June 16, 2003, at A19.




n138  See Massey & Denton, supra note 129, at 77.




n139  See infra Part III.




n140  Hays, supra note 68, at 216.




n141  In Liberalism and the Limits of Justice, Sandel presented a sustained and
sophisticated philosophical case against Rawlsian liberalism. Sandel,
Liberalism, supra note 13. In the subsequent Democracy's Discontent, he used law
and the history of political economy to explain the rise of our rights- based
culture and to recommend a civic republican alternative. Sandel, Democracy's
Discontent, supra note 2.




n142  Sandel, Liberalism, supra note 13, at 61, 64.




n143  Id. at 179.




n144  Id. at 62.




n145  Id. at 150.




n146  Id. at xi.




n147  Sandel, Democracy's Discontent, supra note 2, at 28.




n148  Id. at 4.




n149  Id. at 18-24.




n150  Id.




n151  Id. at 28.




n152  Id. at 38.




n153  Lochner v. New York, 198 U.S. 45 (1905).




n154  Sandel, Democracy's Discontent, supra note 2, at 41-42.




n155  West Virginia v. Barnette, 319 U.S. 624 (1943).




n156  Sandel, Democracy's Discontent, supra note 2, at 53-54.




n157  See id. at 90, 100.




n158  Sandel, Liberalism, supra note 13, at 196.




n159  Sandel, Democracy's Discontent, supra note 2, at 71. The precise meaning
of "neutrality" is ever-shifting. See Mitchell v. Helms, 530 U.S. 793, 878
(2000) (Souter, J., dissenting) ("'Neutrality' has been employed as a term to
describe the requisite state of government equipoise between the forbidden
encouragement and discouragement of religion; to characterize a benefit or aid
as secular; and to indicate evenhandedness in distributing it.").




n160  Sandel, Democracy's Discontent, supra note 2, at 69-70.




n161  Id. at 66.




n162  Sandel, Liberalism, supra note 13, at xiii; see also Sandel, Democracy's
Discontent, supra note 2, at 67.




n163  Sandel, Democracy's Discontent, supra note 2, at 71.




n164  See id. at 117.




n165  See id. at 118.




n166  Id. at 119.




n167  Id. at 124.




n168  Id. at 201.




n169  See Sandel, Democracy's Discontent, supra note 2, at 280.




n170  Id. at 281.




n171  See id. at 282.




n172  See id. at 118-19, 286-88.




n173  Id. at 332.




n174  Id. at 5.




n175  Id. at 25.




n176  Id. at 6, 79.




n177  Id. at 320-21.




n178  Id. at 321.




n179  See, e.g., Debating Democracy's Discontent, supra note 41.




n180  Joan Williams is one exception. In Debating Democracy's Discontent, she
attempts to strengthen Sandel's republicanism in order to combat income
inequality. She proposes linking republicanism to religious rhetoric and
rhetoric surrounding family values. Joan Williams, Notes of a Jewish
Episcopalian: Gender as a Language of Class; Religion as a Dialect of
Liberalism, in Debating Democracy's Discontent, supra note 41, at 99.




n181 " Members of racial-ethnic minority groups disproportionately face an urban
opportunity structure that substantially constrains their mobility across
socioeconomic strata." George C. Galster, Polarization, Place, and Race, 71 N.C.
L. Rev. 1421, 1429 (1993). Sharon Hays points out that the American belief in a
meritocracy stands in sharp contrast to the proposition that where people end up
is a matter of fate, luck, accidental coincidence, and the socially structured
position into which they were born. In examining the lives of these welfare
mothers, however, it appears that fate, bad luck, unforeseeable setbacks and,
above all, the position into which they were born have been a good deal more
important than hard work and dedication in determining their success. Hays,
supra note 68, at 176.




n182  See Galster, supra note 181, at 1429-30.




n183  See Massey & Denton, supra note 129, at 149.




n184  See id.; see also Kenneth Karst, Law, Cultural Conflict, and the
Socialization of Children, 91 Cal. L. Rev. 967, 1018-19 (2003). Karst charges
that conservative moralists "would impose so-called middle class values on young
people whose day- to-day experience provides little or no sense of opportunity,
little or no reason to believe in the utility of schooling, or of life-planning,
or, indeed, of anything that involves deferred gratification. In short, these
young people live in circumstances that lack the necessary foundations for
inculcating the so-called middle class behavior that the moralists prize." Id.




n185  See infra Part III.




n186  See supra notes 20-25 and accompanying text.




n187  Nozick, supra note 7, at 155.




n188  Sandel, Democracy's Discontent, supra note 2, at 330.




n189  Id. at 332.




n190  Id. at 333.




n191  For this reason, Joan Williams argues that for civic republicanism to
alter conditions of inequality it will have to embrace arguments "that enable
the working poor and working class to claim domesticity's middle-class ideals of
family life, and arguments (in either religious or secularized variants) that
insist that the poor are our poor, that property rights should be limited where
they present a threat to human dignity." Williams, supra note 180, at 113.




n192  For instance, Sandel has defended homosexuality, the achievements of the
civil rights movement, the regulation of pornography by local communities, and
laws that regulate plant closings in order to protect the local community.
Simon, supra note 8, at 114. "So, Sandel's communitarianism shows notable
concern for the disadvantaged: African Americans, women, homosexuals, and
workers." Id. But, "[i]n the hands of a communitarian less sympathetic to the
plight of the disadvantaged," they might lose these protections. Id.




n193  See Sandel, Democracy's Discontent, supra note 2, at 325-28 (speaking
approvingly of the debates surrounding welfare reform).




n194  See James Jennings, Welfare Reform and the Revitalization of Inner City
Neighborhoods 69-82 (2003).




n195  See Ann M. Burkhart, The Constitutional Underpinnings of Homelessness, 40
Hous. L. Rev. 211, 276 (2003) ("Aside from voter registration and other
structural obstacles to voting is the lower class's sense of political
powerlessness."). The sense of political powerlessness is also driven by the
role of money in campaign financing and the dominance of special interests. See
infra notes 253-57 and accompanying text.




n196  See Dorothy Roberts, The Moral Exclusivity of the New Civil Society, 75
Chi.-Kent L. Rev. 555, 561-62 (2000). She discusses a Detroit survey of
inner-city blacks that found "that those living in poor neighborhoods were less
likely to engage in civic activities, belong to a church, attend community
meetings, or contribute money to political candidates." Id.




n197  Sandel, Democracy's Discontent, supra note 2, at 348.




n198  Id.




n199  Id. at 349. Black churches are playing a key role in implementation of
TANF's charitable choice provision, which authorizes government funding for
religiously based social services. See Gilman, Charitable Choice, supra note 78,
at 806- 14 (describing charitable choice); Gretchen M. Griener, Charitable
Choice and Welfare Reform: Collaboration Between State and Local Governments and
Faith-Based Organizations, Welfare Information Network, Sept. 2000, at
http://www.financeprojectinfo.org/Publications/ issuenotcharitablechoice.htm
(summarizing studies that have found black churches more interested in
faith-based partnerships than other churches). Sandel would certainly approve of
the faith- based anti-poverty strategy because it brings people into a site of
civic virtue.




n200  But see Martha F. Davis, Brutal Need: Lawyers and the Welfare Rights
Movement, 1960-1973, at 120 (1993); Mimi Abramovitz, Fighting Back: From the
Legislature to the Academy to the Streets, in A New Introduction to Poverty,
supra note 114, at 217, 227-29; William E. Forbath, Constitutional Welfare
Rights: A History, Critique, and Reconstruction, 69 Fordham L. Rev. 1821,
1845-55 (2001).




n201  Dorothy Roberts points out that civil society revivalists, whose normative
vision is similar to that of Sandel's, often link moral decay with advances in
social justice. "Civil society revivalists count declines in morality and social
capital as a cost exacted by improvements in economic and social equality. They
tend to balance advances made by women and minorities against the social harms
caused by civic disengagement and moral disorder." Roberts, supra note 196, at
569.




n202  John Gilliom, Overseers of the Poor: Surveillance, Resistance, and the
Limits of Privacy 15 (2001).




n203  See id. at 92.




n204  Mark Tushnet contends that Democracy's Discontent "responds to the
discontent of today's professional-managerial class faced with reduced autonomy
as corporate capitalism increasingly limits the domain in which professionals
can exercise professional judgment and discretion." Mark Tushnet, A Public
Philosophy for the Professional-Managerial Class, in Debating Democracy's
Discontent, supra note 41, at 92. He asserts that Sandel fails to address the
"real source" of discontent among the professional-managerial class-"the . . .
uncontrollable power of transnational corporations." Id. at 93.




n205  Id.




n206  See Raymond H. Brescia et al., Who's In Charge, Anyway? A Proposal for
Community-Based Legal Services, 25 Fordham Urb. L.J. 831, 850-55 (1998). Brescia
notes that despite the gains of the individual rights approach to battling
poverty, "the plight of poor clients is as bad as or worse now than at any time
during the twenty-five years that legal services programs have been in
existence." Id. at 852 (quoting Paul E. Lee & Mary M. Lee, Reflections from the
Bottom of the Well: Racial Bias in the Provision of Legal Services to the Poor,
27 Clearinghouse Rev. 311, 312 (1993)).




n207  Sandel, Democracy's Discontent, supra note 2, at 113.




n208  Id. at 111.




n209  Id. at 114-15.




n210  Ross, supra note 4, at 1499.




n211  Goldberg v. Kelly, 397 U.S. 254 (1970).




n212  Id. at 264-65.




n213  Id. at 265.




n214  Dandridge v. Williams, 397 U.S. 471 (1970).




n215  Id. at 485.




n216  Id. at 483-84. "And by keying the maximum family AFDC grants to the
minimum wage a steadily employed head of a household receives, the State
maintains some semblance of an equitable balance between families on welfare and
those supported by an employed breadwinner." Id.




n217  Ross, supra note 4, at 1519-20. To see more clearly how the family
planning argument draws on the theme of the moral weakness of the poor, one need
simply imagine the popular response to a similar state action directed against
wage earner families. If the government chose to put a ceiling on the number of
dependents that could be claimed for tax purposes, and the state defended that
law's rationality as providing "incentives for family planning," the public
outcry would be pervasive and impassioned. We would argue that determining the
size of the family is a personal choice, beyond the state's interest. We would
be offended by the premises of the state's argument, that the state has any
interest in the matter or that we have acted in an irresponsible fashion. Id. at
1520. Ross' thesis is not only that the Court morally reproves the poor, but
also that it views poverty as such a hopelessly complex problem that it throws
up its hands in defeat.




n218  See id. at 1522-38 (discussing Supreme Court caselaw impacting rights of
the poor).




n219  Saenz v. Roe, 526 U.S. 489 (1999).




n220  Id. at 494. For instance, the plaintiffs, as former residents of Louisiana
and Oklahoma, would receive $ 190 and $ 341 respectively for a family of three
even though the full California grant was $ 641. The third plaintiff, a former
resident of Colorado with one child, was limited to $ 280 a month as opposed to
the full California grant of $ 504 for a family of two. Id.




n221  Id. at 499 (quoting Shapiro v. Thompson, 394 U.S. 618, 629 (1969)).




n222  Id. at 494.




n223  Id. at 506.




n224  Id. at 507 (quoting Shapiro, 394 U.S. at 632-33).




n225  Dennis Hirsh has pointed out that plaintiffs do far better before the
Supreme Court where they can convince the Court that they are not to blame for
their economic circumstances, an argument that first had success during the New
Deal era. "Where the Court adopts the New Deal premise that individuals are the
victims of impersonal economic forces that severely constrain their options, it
grants welfare rights claims. Where the Court returns to the Lochner-era premise
that individuals possess economic opportunity and can make free choices about
employment, it rejects these claims." Dennis D. Hirsch, The Right to Economic
Opportunity: Making Sense of the Supreme Court's Welfare Rights Decisions, 58 U.
Pitt. L. Rev. 109, 124 (1996).




n226  The time-honored approach of condemning the poor for the dire
circumstances in which they find themselves was alive and well recently in
Department of Housing and Urban Development v. Rucker, 535 U.S. 125 (2002).
There, the Court upheld a federal statute that permitted no-fault evictions of
tenants whose co-tenants, household members, or guests engaged in drug activity
on or off the property-regardless of whether or not the plaintiff was aware of
the conduct. Id. After highlighting the allegedly illegal conduct at issue
(grandsons were smoking marijuana in a parking lot, a daughter was found with
crack cocaine three blocks away, and a caregiver was found with cocaine inside a
resident's apartment), the Court determined that lack of knowledge was no
excuse-tenants who cannot control the behavior of others are a threat to other
tenants.  Id. at 130.




n227  Carlos A. Ball, Communitarianism and Gay Rights, 85 Cornell L. Rev. 443,
480 (2000).




n228  Sandel, Democracy's Discontent, supra note 2, at 90. The courts upheld
both marches, even though, as Sandel states, "the Nazis promote genocide and
hate." Id. According to Sandel, protecting the Nazis "in the name of neutrality
may fail to respect persons as members of the particular communities to which
they belong, . . . [and] fails to acknowledge the injuries that speech can
inflict independent of the physical harm it may cause." Id. at 89.




n229  Id. at 90. By contrast, "the Nazis promote genocide and hate." Id.




n230  Ball, supra note 227, at 481.




n231  Since Sandel wrote Democracy's Discontent, the Court has become more
willing to make moral judgments that arguably promote civic society values. For
instance, the Court has approved of public financing of religious primary
education through school vouchers, holding that neutrality requires that the
government treat secular and sectarian alike; not that it remain neutral on
sectarian matters.  Zelman v. Simmons-Harris, 536 U.S. 639, 655-57 (2002). The
rationale of that case probably extends to charitable choice provisions in TANF
that permit government funding of religious groups that deliver social services.
Clearly, the Court is now taking "religion seriously," in a way that Sandel
found lacking in 1996-although they still do so under a guise of "neutrality."




n232  Walzer, supra note 12.




n233  Id. at 5.




n234  Id.




n235  Id. at xiv.




n236  Id.




n237  Id.




n238  Id. at 10.




n239  Id. at 20.




n240  Id. at 9.




n241  By comparison, Rawls lists his primary goods in broader terms because his
hypothetical people do not know in particular what they want. Rawls, supra note
7, at 92.




n242  Walzer, supra note 12, at 313.




n243  Id. at 84.




n244  Id. at 313.




n245  Id.




n246  Id. at 84 ("I think, that the citizens of a modern industrial democracy
owe a great deal to one another . . . the United States currently maintains one
of the shabbier systems of communal provision in the Western world.").




n247  Id. at 64.




n248  Id. at 71-74.




n249  Id. at 87.




n250  Id.




n251  Id.




n252  Under AFDC, states were required to establish a statewide standard of
need, based on the state's evaluation of what was essential to meet basic living
standards, although they did not have to pay the difference between a family's
countable income and the statewide standard of need and could pay only a portion
or percentage of that amount. See Burns, supra note 30, at 226. Nevertheless,
there was some conception that AFDC was designed to meet some level of need,
variously defined by the states. Id. By contrast, TANF does not refer to need as
a payment standard at all, leaving states with full discretion to set payment
levels at any level they choose, for any reason.




n253  Walzer responds to inequitable implications of his work by focusing on the
potential of dissent to foment social change. Walzer, supra note 12, at 12. But,
as Susan Moller Okin has pointed out in her feminist critique of Walzer, "[t]he
more thoroughgoing the dominance, and the more pervasive its ideology across the
various spheres, the less chance there is that the whole prevailing system will
be questioned or resisted." Susan Moller Okin, Justice, Gender, and the Family
64 (1989). Moreover, "those to whom caste, class, race, or gender structures
deny education are far less likely to acquire the tools needed to express
themselves in ways that would be publicly recognized were they to interpret
shared meanings literally and turn them into social criticism." Id. at 66-67.
The feminist critique of communitarianism is highly relevant to any discussions
of poverty, given the feminization of poverty-the poverty rate of women is
twenty-six percent higher than the male poverty rate, fifty-seven percent of the
poverty population consists of women, and 17.6 percent of families are headed by
women. See Iceland, supra note 108, at 87-94.




n254  Jamin Raskin & John Bonifaz, Equal Protection and the Wealth Primary, 11
Yale L. & Pol'y Rev. 273, 274, 274-75 nn.10-11 (1993).




n255 " The lower the income, the lower the rate of voter turnout." David K.
Shipler, The Working Poor 287 (2004). In the presidential election of 2000,
"[t]hree-quarters of those with family incomes over $ 75,000 voted, 69 percent
of those earning $ 50,000 to $ 75,000, and so on down to a mere 38 percent of
those whose households took in less than $ 10,000 a year." Id. In addition,
Shipler notes that over two million prisoners and ex- convicts are ineligible to
vote. Id.




n256  Although there was a significant welfare rights movement in the 1970s that
led to the enhancement of individual procedural rights in the welfare arena,
there is no such national movement today for a variety of reasons, including the
increasing concentration of poverty, institutionalized racism, limited access to
lawyers and limitations on poverty lawyers, and a concerted strategy on the part
of anti-poverty activists to move towards locally-based renewal efforts. Scott
L. Cummings, Community Economic Development as Progressive Politics: Toward a
Grassroots Movement for Economic Justice, 54 Stan. L. Rev. 399, 405-07, 421-29
(2001) [hereinafter Cummings, Progressive Politics]. But see Frances Fox Piven,
Welfare Movement Rises, Nation, May 8, 2000, at 4, 5 ("Below the radar screen of
press and politicians, scores of grassroots groups are waging fights at the
local and state level to expose the realities of welfare reform and the low-wage
labor market. . . . There are signs that these local efforts are coalescing into
a national movement . . . .").




n257  See Sheryll D. Cashin, Federalism, Welfare Reform, and the Minority Poor:
Accounting for the Tyranny of State Majorities, 99 Colum. L. Rev. 552, 582-83
(1999), discussed infra at notes 393-95 and accompanying text.




n258  Walzer, supra note 12, at 83.




n259  Id. at 79.




n260  Id. at 304.




n261  See Robert B. Thigpen & Lyle A. Downing, Liberalism and the Communitarian
Critique, 31 Am. J. Pol. Sci. 637, 649 (1987) ("Liberals insist that persons
have a human right to be persuaded in political matters because of their
capacity for rationality and moral choice. By arguing that political
participants should exclude considerations irrelevant to rational argument,
Walzer in effect insists that citizens should assume the constraints of abstract
deliberators who ignore their own particular characteristics.").




n262  Walzer, supra note 12, at 88.




n263  NPR/Kaiser/Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government, Poverty in
America (results of polling conducted in Jan. and Feb. 2001), available at
http://www.npr.org/ programs/specials/poll/poverty/ (last visited Mar. 4, 2005).
Only one-third of low-income Americans agree that poor people lead easy lives
because they live off the government. Id.




n264  Id.




n265  Id.




n266  Walzer, supra note 12, at 313.




n267  See Robert Rubinson, A Theory of Access to Justice, 29 J. Legal Prof. 89
(2005) (arguing that a disproportionate share of the judicial and legal system's
resources are directed at economically powerful claimants).




n268  Etzioni, New Golden Rule, supra note 14, at 9.




n269  Robert S. Boynton, The Everything Expert, Nation, July 14, 2003, at 25.




n270  Etzioni, Spirit of Community, supra note 1, at 5- 10.




n271  Id. at 12.




n272  Etzioni, New Golden Rule, supra note 14, at 61-64.




n273  Etzioni, Spirit of Community, supra note 1, at 22- 26.




n274  Etzioni, Next, supra note 14, at 21.




n275  Etzioni, Spirit of Community, supra note 1, at 4.




n276  Etzioni, Next, supra note 14, at 2, 5, 11; Etzioni, Spirit of Community,
supra note 1, at 31, 37, 39; Etzioni, New Golden Rule, supra note 14, at 16, 27.




n277  Etzioni, Next, supra note 14, at 23.




n278  Etzioni, Spirit of Community, supra note 1, at 15; Etzioni, New Golden
Rule, supra note 14, at 23.




n279  Etzioni, Next, supra note 14, at 6.




n280  Id. at 14.




n281  Id. at 7-8.




n282  Etzioni, Spirit of Community, supra note 1, at 37, 39, 53.




n283  Id. at 347-48; Etzioni, New Golden Rule, supra note 14, at 127-30.




n284  Boynton, supra note 269, at 25.




n285  Etzioni acknowledges that low-income families have no choice but to work,
but suggests that their materialistic aspirations are too high and that they
could make do on less. Etzioni, Spirit of Community, supra note 1, at 65-66.




n286  Id. at 247-51, 256-58.




n287  The topic takes up four pages in the 267 pages of Spirit of Community. Id.
at 260-64.




n288  Id. at 264.




n289  Id. at 260.




n290  Id. at 260-61.




n291  Id. at 144 (emphasis omitted).




n292  Id. at 146.




n293  Id.; Etzioni, Next, supra note 14, at 12.




n294  Etzioni, Next, supra note 14, at 29, 53; Etzioni, New Golden Rule, supra
note 14, at 54, 83 (stating that people need the psychological security that
they will not be destitute).




n295  Etzioni, Next, supra note 14, at 101-06.




n296  Id. at 103.




n297  See generally William H. Simon, The Community Economic Development
Movement: Law, Business, and the New Social Policy (2001) (describing the many
successes of the CED movement and its potential to relieve conditions of
poverty). See also discussion of the Dudley Street Neighborhood Initiative at
notes 363-85 and accompanying text.




n298  Robert Halpern, Rebuilding the Inner City: A History of Neighborhood
Initiatives to Address Poverty in the United States 222 (1995).




n299  See supra Part I.E.




n300  Etzioni, New Golden Rule, supra note 14, at 224.




n301  See, e.g., Forbath, supra note 32, at 1821.




n302  Etzioni, New Golden Rule, supra note 14, at 241- 52.




n303  Id. at 138-40. His de-emphasis on the courts as a potential for moral
order is critiqued in Linda E. Fisher, Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms: Autonomy,
the Common Good, and the Courts, 18 Yale L. & Pol'y Rev. 351, 353 (2000) (book
review).




n304  Etzioni, New Golden Rule, supra note 14, at 51-53.




n305  There are other individual rights potentially imperiled by TANF. For
instance, TANF's disclaimer of benefits as an entitlement may eliminate
Fourteenth Amendment rights to procedural due process before benefits are
reduced or denied. See Gilman, Accountability, supra note 79, at 569. Likewise,
TANF's charitable choice provisions may violate First Amendment protections
against government establishment of religion. See Gilman, Charitable Choice,
supra note 78, at 862-71. Certain TANF provisions regulating marriage and child
support enforcement may violate constitutional rights to family privacy and free
association. See Susan L. Thomas, "Ending Welfare As We Know It," Or Farewell to
the Rights of Women on Welfare? A Constitutional and Human Rights Analysis of
the Personal Responsibility Act, 78 U. Det. Mercy L. Rev. 179, 190-98 (2001).




n306  In fact, middle-class Americans are awarded benefits for having children
through tax deductions. See Internal Revenue Service, Publication 501,
Exemptions, Standard Deduction, and Filing Information (2003).




n307  Anna Marie Smith, The Sexual Regulation Dimension of Contemporary Welfare
Law: A Fifty State Overview, 8 Mich. J. Gender & L. 121, 170-72 (2002).




n308  Id.




n309  See Ann Chih Lin, Social Contexts in the Making of Public Policy, in
Coping with Poverty: The Social Contexts of Neighborhood, Work, and Family in
the African-American Community 262, 262 (Sheldon Danziger & Ann Chih Lin eds.,
2000) [hereinafter Coping With Poverty].




n310  Id. at 263.




n311  See Elise M. Bright, Reviving America's Forgotten Neighborhoods 1 (2000)
(summarizing the popular perception that inner-city problems are "the fault of
the people who live there"). "[P]ublic housing tenants have been systematically
represented in the media and in more scholarly publications as humanly as well
as financially destitute, destined for lives of unemployment, dysfunction, and
crime." Mark R. Warren et al., The Role of Social Capital in Combating Poverty,
in Social Capital and Poor Communities 1, 22 (Susan Saegert et al. eds., 2001).




n312  See Susan Bennett, "The Possibility of a Beloved Place": Residents and
Placemaking in Public Housing Communities, 19 St. Louis U. Pub. L. Rev. 259, 270
(2000) (discussing the "popular conception that community cannot grow in public
housing").




n313  See Wilson, When Work Disappears, supra note 121, at xviii; Gina Barclay
McLaughlin, Communal Isolation: Narrowing the Pathways to Goal Attainment and
Work, in Coping with Poverty, supra note 309, at 52, 54-55. Sharon Hays explains
that it is a minority of welfare mothers (perhaps one-third to one-half) who
exhibit behaviors that deviate from mainstream norms, and they are not "blind to
the stigma attached to their ideas and behaviors, and almost none were without
ambivalence about the path of their lives." Hays, supra note 68, at 183. The
lives of these mothers "are always a response not just to the material
circumstances of life at the bottom but also to the values of the wider
society." Id. at 183-84. They represent an "oppositional response" to mainstream
culture. Id. at 213 (emphasis omitted).




n314  Ann Chih Lin, Interpretive Research for Public Policy, in Coping with
Poverty, supra note 309, at 1, 6 [hereinafter Lin, Interpretive Research].




n315  Alice O'Connor, Historical Perspectives on Race and Community
Revitalization, available at
www.aspeninstitute.org/AspenInstitute/files/CCLIBRARYFILES/FILENA
ME/0000000178/9OConnor.pdf, at 2 (last visited Mar. 6, 2005) ("History from the
'ground-up' is replete with examples of resistance to, as well as political and
economic exploitation of, the spatial restrictions of the color line.").




n316  Lin, Interpretive Research, supra note 314, at 6.




n317  Katz, supra note 112, at 146-47.




n318  Sherman A. James et al., Social Capital, Poverty and Community Health: An
Exploration of Linkages, in Social Capital and Poor Communities, supra note 311,
at 165.




n319  Daly, supra note 36, at xiv.




n320  The concept of social capital is not without its critics. See Alejandro
Portes & Patricia Landolt, Unsolved Mysteries: The Tocqueville Files II: The
Downside of Social Capital, Am. Prospect, May-June 1996, at 18 (asserting that
inner-city poverty results not from a lack of social capital, but from a lack of
economic resources).




n321  Carol Stack, All Our Kin: Strategies For Survival in a Black Community 28,
93 (1974). Stack conducted her ethnographic study by living in the Flats for
three years. She found that the kin and non-kin alliances were "so entwined that
not to repay on an exchange meant that someone else's child would not eat." Id.
at 28.




n322  Id. at 23-24. Residents also struggled with substandard and overcrowded
housing, and were forced to move frequently due to housing shortages and
evictions. Id. at 91-92.




n323  Id. at 93.




n324  Id. at 44.




n325  Id. at 33.




n326  Id. at 89. Children were often raised by kin other than their parents and
moved frequently within their kin group. Id.




n327  Id. at 108, 117.




n328  Id. at 105, 113. Stack was particularly disheartened by the inability of
residents in the Flats to accrue equity or even surplus cash. "Increases in cash
are either taken quickly from the poor by the welfare agencies or dissipated
through the kin network." Id. at 107.




n329  Id. at 113. People who got married often exited the kin networks, and
thus, those networks put pressure on individuals not to marry. Id. at 113-14.
"Kin regard any marriage as both a risk to the woman and her children and as a
threat to the durability of the kin group." Id. at 117. Men are expected to
contribute to the kin network and not dissipate services to a sexual or marital
relationship. Id. at 118.




n330  Id. at 124. "That one can repeatedly join the households of kin is a great
source of security among those living in poverty, and they come to depend upon
it. The loyalties toward kinsmen offset to some degree, the self- defeating
ordeal of unemployment and poverty." Id. at 123.




n331  Sharon Hicks-Bartlett, Between a Rock and a Hard Place: The Labyrinth of
Working and Parenting in a Poor Community, in Coping with Poverty, supra note
309, at 27, 28. Hicks-Bartlett notes that Meadow View is a "suburb in name
only." Id. "[I]t looks like the rural south, with its unpaved roads, two
outhouses, and a creek set deep in the woods." Id. at 30. By 1990, the
unemployment rate was twenty-six percent and just under half the population
lived below the poverty level. Id.




n332  Id. at 32-33.




n333  Hicks-Bartlett notes that the mothers in Meadow View all want quality care
for their children. Id. at 40. Middle-class parents can purchase such care, but
poor parents cannot. Id. Moreover, programs like Head Start do not serve all
needy children, nor do they operate on the off hours of many low- wage jobs. Id.
The community also lacks a public library, youth services, or recreation
programs. Id. at 47.




n334  Id. at 33-35.




n335  Id. at 28.




n336  Id. at 29, 35.




n337  Id. at 37, 41.




n338  Id. at 48.




n339  Id. at 37-40. "Custodial care performed by caregivers with limited skills,
poor health, little knowledge of normal child development, and unsafe homes
creates anxiety for working mothers." Id. at 40. At the same time, it is often
the only option. Id.




n340  Id. at 37.




n341  Id. at 40.




n342  Id. at 43.




n343  Id. at 48.




n344  Sudhir Alladi Venkatesh, American Project: The Rise and Fall of a Modern
Ghetto (2000).




n345  Id. at 9, 275-76.




n346  Id. at 15-21.




n347  Id. at 23-24, 29-32, 63.




n348  Id. at 65.




n349  Id. at 66.




n350  In a time of increasing stress, there was nevertheless "sharing between
families . . . [and also] brokerage relationships of police and tenants,
residents' creative self- policing techniques, and the underground activity that
tenants drew upon to acquire goods and services." Id. at 105.




n351  Id. at 275.




n352  Id. at 148. The federal government cut the Housing Authority's budget by
eighty-seven percent in the 1980s. Id. The federal government eventually took
over the housing authority. Id.




n353  Id. at 150.




n354  Id. at 261.




n355  Id.




n356  Id. at 270-74.




n357  For an excellent discussion of HOPE VI, see Ngai Pindell, Is There Hope
for HOPE VI: Community Economic Development and Localism, 35 Conn. L. Rev. 385
(2003).




n358  See the website of the Chicago Housing Authority, available at
http://thecha.org/housingdev/robert taylor.html (last visited Mar. 6, 2005).




n359  Venkatesh, supra note 344, at 273.




n360  Id. at 275.




n361  Id. at 274.




n362  Id. A similar study of other public housing developments in Chicago paints
a bleaker picture of tenant cohesion, but also highlights examples of tenant
resistance and response to institutional neglect. Susan J. Popkin et al., The
Hidden War: Crime and the Tragedy of Public Housing in Chicago 50-51, 57, 80-81,
150-52, 158-61, 178-79 (2000).




n363  Bright, supra note 311, at 76. Prior to World War II, the neighborhood
consisted of mostly Irish and Italian working class immigrants. Id. In the 1960s
and 1970s, the minority population increased dramatically as European-Americans
fled the city in the face of riots and court-ordered school busing. Id. at 77.




n364  See the home page of the Dudley Street Neighborhood Initiative, available
at http://www.dsni.org (last visited Mar. 6, 2005).




n365  Id.




n366  See Bright, supra note 311, at 78-93. This compelling story is told in the
documentary, Holding Ground: The Rebirth of Dudley Street (Holding Ground
Productions 1997).




n367  Peter Medoff & Holly Sklar, Streets of Hope: The Fall and Rise of an Urban
Neighborhood 2 (1994); see also Bright, supra note 311, at 77 (stating that more
than twenty percent of the neighborhood was burned down by arsonists in the
1960s).




n368  Medoff & Sklar, supra note 367, at 2.




n369  Bright, supra note 311, at 78.




n370  Medoff & Sklar, supra note 367, at 37-52.




n371  Id. at 52-56.




n372  Id. at 56-57.




n373  Bright, supra note 311, at 79 (describing the donation as "a supportive
action rarely seen in philanthropic circles").




n374  See Bright, supra note 311, at 79 ("By setting achievable goals, DSNI kept
the level of participation high . . . ."); Medoff & Sklar, supra note 367, at
67-69.




n375  See Medoff & Sklar, supra note 367, at 70-72.




n376  See Bright, supra note 311, at 80.




n377  See Medoff & Sklar, supra note 367, at 83-84.




n378  See Bright, supra note 311, at 80.




n379  See Bright, supra note 311, at 81 (noting that over 150 residents helped
shape the plan over eight months of trilingual meetings); Medoff & Sklar, supra
note 367, at 105; Simon, supra note 297, at 115 (noting that DSNI spends great
"time and resources to help community participants understand the issues and
options involved in its projects").




n380  See Bright, supra note 311, at 81.




n381  Fifteen acres of vacant land were owned by the city of Boston, while
fifteen acres were privately held. See Medoff & Sklar, supra note 367, at 117.




n382  See id. at 119. The power is exercised through a community land trust set
up by DSNI. The grant of eminent domain power went through four years of legal
challenges, but was ultimately upheld. Bright, supra note 311, at 82. "It is a
noteworthy but somewhat ironic accomplishment that this community has taken the
tactics-eminent domain, land trusts, and restrictive covenants-which have been
used for years to evict the poor, keep vacant lands unused and segregate
affluent neighborhoods, and employed them to accomplish opposite goals." See id.
at 83.




n383  See id. at 84.




n384  See Bright, supra note 311, at 85-86, 93; Medoff & Sklar, supra note 367,
at 253.




n385  See Bright, supra note 311, at 86-87. The neighborhood continues to
struggle with high rates of poverty, a lack of mainstream financial
institutions, environmental contamination, and trash covered vacant lots outside
of DSNI's eminent domain power. Id. at 92. Yet, the residents remain optimistic
about long run success, as one member said, the neighborhood "'didn't take two
years to get this way . . . it took 20 to 30 years, and it may take 20 to 30
years to correct.'" Id.




n386  Stephen Gardbaum untangles the various claims about community that are
made by communitarians. He explains that there are three independent ideas
lumped together under the communitarian heading; community refers to the
constitution of personal identity, the source of binding values, and a
substantive notion of the human good. See Gardbaum, supra note 49, at 690-92.




n387  Bennett, supra note 312, at 306.




n388  Communitarians want to establish "in the public domain the values of
communal associations." Daly, supra note 36, at xiii.




n389 " The experience of CDCs has shown that the partnership of representative
neighborhood organizations and city government, with support from private
corporations, philanthropic intermediaries, and state and federal government,
can provide a basis for successful neighborhood revitalization efforts, even in
the poorest of neighborhoods." W. Dennis Keating et al., Revitalizing Urban
Neighborhoods 4 (1996). See also Bright, supra note 311, at 99-101 (noting
importance of support from wide "variety of agencies at levels of government,
private foundations, and service providers outside the neighborhood"). The legal
community was another key component of DSNI's successes. Private firms donated $
1 million worth of assistance. Id. at 100.




n390  Etzioni, Spirit of Community, supra note 1, at 32.




n391  Keating et al., supra note 389, at 4. The collective experience of more
than three decades has demonstrated that, although citizen participation is
likely to be limited and hardly a panacea for urban problems, nevertheless, the
residents of urban neighborhoods must be actively engaged to make urban policies
and programs work effectively and serve the interests of the urban neighborhoods
for which they are intended. Id.




n392  Bright, supra note 311, at 101. "The cooperation has lead to the creation
of a 'village' atmosphere, including social infrastructure and support networks
which are of primary importance to many residents." Id.




n393  Cashin, supra note 257, at 582-83.




n394  Id. at 583.




n395  Id. at 615-22.




n396  See Gilman, Charitable Choice, supra note 78, at 847-51.




n397  See Jennings, supra note 194, at 1.




n398  Id. at 44. Neighborhood-based organizations also complain of
misinformation and lack of information from state administrators about welfare
reform rules and policies. Id. at 44-46, 58. See also Ann Withorn, Friends or
Foes? Nonprofits and the Puzzle of Welfare Reform, Am. Acad. Pol. & Soc. Sci.,
577 Annals 107, 108 (Sept. 2001) (stating that welfare reform has negatively
impacted ability of non-profits to be "active players in efforts for economic
and social justice").




n399  Citizen participation mechanisms can fail to reconcile competing
interests, can marginalize persons who speak differently or not at all, and can
slow down decision-making processes. See Audrey G. McFarlane, When Inclusion
Leads to Exclusion: The Uncharted Terrain of Community Participation in Economic
Development, 66 Brook. L. Rev. 861, 913-16 (2001).




n400  See id. at 864.




n401  See id. at 890-92.




n402  Bennett, supra note 312.




n403  Id. at 298.




n404  See id. at 281, 291. The budgetary cuts to public housing programs have
"elevated the strain in the program that delivered social services to
individuals over that which built capacity for the collective." Id. at 294.




n405  In discussing the frustrations of representing community groups, Susan
Bennett states, "[e]xamples abound of processes which seem to invite
participation by community residents or community groups, but which either
deliberately or mindlessly eliminate any real opportunity for them to affect any
outcomes." Susan D. Bennett, Little Engines that Could: Community Clients, Their
Lawyers, and Training in the Arts of Democracy, 2002 Wis. L. Rev. 469, 470
(2002).




n406  See McFarlane, supra note 399, at 929-30.




n407  Id. at 929.




n408  Likewise, some feminists have favored work because it provides dignity by
linking women to larger societal structures. See Vicki Schultz, Life's Work, 100
Colum. L. Rev. 1881 (2002) (arguing for the significance of paid work to the
good life).




n409  Wilson, supra note 121, at 20.




n410  See Jennifer Mezey et al., Reversing Direction on Welfare Reform:
President's Budget Cuts Child Care for More than 300,000 Children, Center on
Budget & Pol'y Priorities (Ctr. for Law & Soc. Policy), Feb. 10, 2004. See also
Gina Adams & Monica Rohacek, Child Care and Welfare Reform, in The Next Act,
supra note 85, at 128. Only fifteen to thirty percent of federally eligible
children are receiving subsidies. See Mildred Warner et al., Addressing the
Affordability Gap: Framing Child Care as Economic Development, 12 J. Affordable
Housing & Community Dev. L. 294, 297 (2003).




n411  TANF appropriated substantially more money for child care than prior
programs, and, at the same time, gave the states substantial discretion in
determining whether and how to award child care subsidies. See Adams & Rohacek,
supra note 410, at 124. Almost all states are spending some TANF funds for child
care, and are using their own funds as well. See id. at 125; Jan Kaplan, Child
Care Funding and Policy Issues, 2 Reauthorization Notes (TANF Reauthorization
Rescue), No. 1, Jan. 2002, available a t h t t p : / / w w w . w e l f a r e i n
f o . o r g / childcarefundingpolicyissues trn.htm. Most states provide parents
with vouchers to use on the private child care market, and parents make
co-payments depending on their income. See Adams & Rohacek, supra note 410, at
126. However, policies among the states vary dramatically; some have expanded
access to child care, while others have narrowed access. See id. at 127.




n412  Id. at 129-30 (reporting that in March 2000, 47 states set eligibility
limits below the federal level and that in 22 states a family of three earning $
25,000 was ineligible for benefits).




n413  Susan Traub, Note, Child Care and PRWORA: Paying the Babysitter or
Investing in Early Education?, 9 Geo. J. on Poverty L. & Pol'y 249, 252 (2002).




n414  Adams & Rohacek, supra note 410, at 131.




n415  See id. at 132 (noting that twenty-nine percent of subsidized children are
in unregulated settings).




n416  See Jeffrey A. Capizzano & Gina Adams, Children in Low Income Families are
Less Likely to be in Center Based Care, Snapshots of Am. Fams. III (Urban
Institute), 2003; Rebekah B. Levine Coley et al., Child Care in the Era of
Welfare Reform: Quality, Choices, and Preferences, Welfare, Child. & Fams: A
Three-City Study (Welfare, Children & Families Study, Johns Hopkins University),
2001, at 5.




n417  See Hicks-Bartlett, supra note 331, at 47.




n418  Karen Syma Czapanskiy, Parents, Children, and Work-First Welfare Reform:
Where is the C in TANF?, 61 Md. L. Rev. 308, 314 (2002). Czapanskiy states,
"Work-first welfare reform, for most states and most families, has focused only
on [work]. It has not involved a particularized analysis of the child's
condition, the strength of the parent-child bond, or of the family-friendliness
of employers and the community." Id. at 313.




n419  Martha Fineman, The Inevitability of Dependency and the Politics of
Subsidy, 9 Stan. L. & Pol'y Rev. 89, 90, 92 (1998) (noting that dependency is an
"inevitable part of the human condition").




n420  Carol Sanger, Separating From Children, 96 Colum. L. Rev. 375, 498-99
(1996).




n421  Fineman, supra note 419, at 96. The liberal individual's "position in the
social and economic hierarchy remains essentially unaffected by existing
allocations of societal privileges and benefits or by burdens imposed by racism,
sexism, or ideologies of family responsibility, or cultural norms." Id. at 90.
See also Robin West, Re-Imagining Justice, 14 Yale J.L. & Feminism 333, 339
(2002) ("The dominant conception of rights stands as a serious obstacle to the
nascent feminist efforts now underway by a number of feminist legal theorists"
to construct rights of care. "The 'rights of care' that are needed by caregivers
are needed not so much to protect individualistic, heroic, independent acts of
will. Rather, they are needed to protect vulnerabilities brought on by our
relationality, our mutual dependency, and our interdependency.").




n422  These various approaches are ably summarized in Kerry L. Quinn, Note,
Mommy Dearest: The Focus on the Family in Legal Feminism, 37 Harv. C.R.-C.L. L.
Rev. 447, 451-58 (2002).




n423  Linda McClain, Care as a Public Value, Linking Responsibility, Resources,
and Republicanism, 76 Chi.-Kent L. Rev. 1673, 1677, 1688-90 (2001).




n424  Walzer, supra note 12, at 165-83.




n425  Perhaps the ultimate expression of public value for care work would be to
pay women-poor and non-poor alike-to provide dependent care if they choose to do
so. Eva Feder Kittay has articulated such a vision of "doulia" care. Eva Feder
Kittay, Love's Labor 132-33 (1999).




n426  See Angela Hooton, From Welfare Recipient to Childcare Workers: Balancing
Work and Family Under TANF, 12 Tex. J. Women & L. 121, 143-48 (2002).




n427  See id. at 148-59.




n428  See Joan Fitzgerald, Caring for Children as Career, The Prospect, July 15,
2002, available at http://www.prospect.org. The program reduced employee
turnover and increased the quality of care, as well as parent and teacher
satisfaction.




n429  Lucie White proposes such a program as an alternative to the unrealistic
expectation that all child care can be provided by a professional class of
child-care workers. See Lucie White, Quality Child Care for Low-Income Families,
in Hard Labor: Women and Work in the Post-Welfare Era 116, 138-39 (Joel F.
Handler & Lucie White eds., 1999).




n430  Id.




n431  See Simon, supra note 297, at 3.




n432  See Warner et al., supra note 410, at 296.




n433  See Kaplan, supra note 411.




n434  Warner et al., supra note 410, at 306.




n435  See Keith R. Ihlanfeldt & David J. Sjoquist, The Spatial Mismatch
Hypothesis: A Review of Recent Studies and Their Implications for Welfare
Reform, 9 Housing Pol. Debate 849, 8 4 9 ( 1 9 8 8 ) , a v a i l a b l e a t
http:www.innovations.harvard.edu/showdoc.html?id=3022&p=1 (last visited Mar. 3,
2005). Although spatial mismatch theory has been the subject of controversy, a
comprehensive review of the major studies concludes that the theory is valid,
particularly with regard to large cities. Id. at 849. See also Steven Raphael &
Michael A. Stoll, Modest Progress: The Narrowing Spatial Mismatch Between Blacks
and Jobs in the 1990s (Dec. 2002), available at
http://www.brookings.edu/es/urban/publications/ raphaelstoll spatialmismatch.htm
(last visited Mar. 3, 2005) (stating that "in 2000, no group was more physically
isolated from jobs than blacks").




n436  See Ihlanfeldt & Sjoquist, supra note 435, at 878, 881.




n437  Nicole Stelle Garnett, The Road From Welfare to Work: Informal
Transportation and the Urban Poor, 38 Harv. J. on Legis. 173 (2001).




n438  Id. at 197.




n439  Ihlanfeldt & Sjoquist, supra note 435, at 882-83.




n440  It does, however, potentially open up an avenue for job creation by jitney
operators who provide transportation to residents. See Garnett, supra note 437,
at 212-17 (arguing for elimination of legal barriers to jitney services).




n441  See Connecting Poverty Reduction, Workforce Development, and Economic
Development: A Mid-Term Report on the Workforce Development for Poverty
Reduction Project 1, 9 National League of Cities, at http://www.nlc.org/nlc
org/site/files/ reports/connecting.pdf. The Report states that "[c]ities and
their partners need to think more broadly about workforce development and
economic development. They need to be seen as labor market issues that affect
the economy of the entire region, and as issues that are influenced by
underlying factors such as race, class, and power." Id. at ii. See also Scott
Hebert et al., Interim Assessment of the Empowerment Zones and Enterprise
Communities (EZ/EC) Program: A Progress Report (United States Department of
Housing and Urban Development 2001), available at www.huduser.org/
Publications/pdf/ezec report.pdf (last visited Mar. 3, 2005).




n442  See Pamela Friedman, Increasing Work Opportunities for Low-Income Workers
through TANF and Economic Development Programs (Feb. 2002), available at
http://www. f i n a n c e p r o j e c t i n f o . o r g /
Publications/increasingworkopportunitiesIN.htm (last visited Mar. 3, 2005).




n443  On the federal Empowerment Zone/Enterprise Community program, see
generally Hebert et al., supra note 441 (stating that Enterprise Zones have led
to some significant job creation, but it is unclear whether or not those jobs
would have been created in the absence of the EZ program). On state enterprise
zones, see generally Alan H. Peters & Peter S. Fisher, State Enterprise Zone
Programs: Have They Worked? 1 (2002) (exploring whether the programs have not
created employment and are not cost effective).




n444  See Timothy J. Bartik, Solving the Many Problems with Inner City Jobs at 2
(Oct. 2000), at http://www.upjohninst. org/publications/wp/00-66.pdf (last
visited Mar. 3, 2005).




n445 " A microenterprise in the U.S. is often defined as a sole-proprietorship,
partnership or family business that has fewer than five employees, does not
generally have access to the commercial banking sector, can initially utilize a
loan of less than $ 25,000 to start or expand a business that usually grosses
less than $ 250,000 per year." Susan R. Jones, Representing the Poor and
Homeless: Innovations in Advocacy: Tackling Homelessness Through Economic
Self-Sufficiency, 19 St. Louis U. Pub. L. Rev. 385, 389 (2000) [hereinafter
Jones, Tackling Homelessness]. Although many states are reluctant politically to
support extended training programs, there are no legal barriers to a state
funding a microenterprise program with TANF dollars. See Mark Greenberg,
Developing Policies to Support Microenterprise in the TANF Structure: A Guide to
the Law, Center for Law and Social Policy, 1999, available at http://
www.clasp.org/publications/welfare policy.htm.




n446  Laurie A. Morin, Legal Services Attorneys as Partners in Community
Economic Development: Creating Wealth for Poor Communities Through Cooperative
Economics, 5 UDC/DCSL L. Rev. 125, 131-32 (2000).




n447  See Susan R. Jones, Small Business and Community Economic Development:
Transactional Lawyering for Social Change and Economic Justice, 4 Clinical L.
Rev. 195, 216-17 (1997),




n448  See, e.g., Robert E. Suggs, Bringing Small Business Development to Urban
Neighborhoods, 30 Harv. C.R.-C.L. L. Rev. 487 (1995) (discussing the importance
of black business development). Susan Jones points to the results of an Aspen
Institute study that tracked 403 low-income entrepreneurs from 1991 through 1997
and found that 72% of low-income microenterpreneurs experienced gains in income;
53% had household income gains large enough to move them out of poverty;
microentrepreneurs in the study reduced their reliance on public assistance by
61%; and the business survival rate was 49%, comparable to national statistics
for business success. Jones, Tackling Homelessness, supra note 445, at 390
(2002). But see Louise A. Howells, The Dimensions of Microenterprise: A Critical
Look at Microenterprise as a Tool to Alleviate Poverty, 9 J. Aff. Hsg. & Comm.
Dev. L. 161 (2000) (arguing that microenterprise is unlikely to alleviate
poverty because of lack of skills, resources, and support within poor
communities).




n449  See Scott L. Cummings, Developing Worker Cooperatives as a Job Creation
Strategy for Low-Income Workers, 25 N.Y.U. Rev. L. & Soc. Change 181, 185
(1999). "Like all cooperative businesses, a worker cooperative adheres to
fundamental principles, such as voluntary and nondiscriminatory membership,
democratic member control, equitable economic participation by members, and a
commitment to ongoing member education." Id. at 185-86.




n450  Morin, supra note 446, at 139-40; see also Peter Pitegoff, Shaping
Regional Economies to Sustain Quality Work: The Cooperative Health Care Network,
in Hard Labor, supra note 429, at 96-115.




n451  Cummings, supra note 256, at 473.




n452  Id. at 477.




n453  See Michael Schill, Assessing the Role of Community Development
Corporations in Inner City Economic Development, 22 N.Y.U. Rev. L. & Soc. Change
753, 759 (1996-97) (arguing that although Community Development Corporations
have been successful on several measures, we still need other remedies for
inner-city poverty); Simon, supra note 297, at 225 ("Unfortunately, there is no
need to choose between CED and mobility policy. Neither shows any imminent
prospect of massive success that would obviate the need for the other.").




n454  For a description and comparison of the two programs, see Pindell, supra
note 357, at 413-19. Gatreaux was the result of a court-ordered desegregation
plan that was upheld by the Supreme Court. Hills v. Gautreaux, 425 U.S. 284,
305-06 (1976). The Moving to Opportunity program was a demonstration project
enacted by Congress and administered by the Department of Housing and Urban
Development that attempted to build on the lessons learned from the Gautreaux
participants. Housing and Community Development Act of 1992 § 152, repealed by
P.L. 105- 276, Title V, Subtitle C, 550(f), 112 Stat. 2610 (1998).




n455  See generally Mark Shroder, Moving to Opportunity: An Experiment in Social
and Geographic Mobility, 5 Cityscape: A J. of Pol'y Dev. & Res. 57 (2001)
(summarizing results of major s t u d i e s o f M T O ) , a v a i l a b l e a t
http://www.huduser.org/periodicals/cityscpe/vol5num2/shroder.pdf (last visited
Mar. 3, 2005).




n456  Rachel Garshick Kleit, The Role of Neighborhood Social Networks in
Scattered-Site Public Housing Residents' Search for Jobs, 12 Hous. Pol'y Debate
541, 562-63 (2001), a v a i l a b l e a t h t t p : / /
www.fanniemaefoundation.org/programs/hpd/pdf/HPD 1203 kliet.pdf (last visited
Mar. 3, 2005).




n457  Id.




n458  See Philip Harvey, Combating Joblessness: An Analysis of the Principal
Strategies that Have Influenced the Development of American Employment and
Social Welfare Law in the in the 20th Century, 21 Berkeley J. Emp. & Lab. L.
677, 709 (2000) (concluding that most unemployment is caused by a lack of jobs,
not individual behavior or insufficient job skills).




n459  See Steve Savner & Mark Greenberg, Community Service Employment: A New
Opportunity Under TANF, Center for Law and Social Policy, 1997, at 1.
Publicly-paid wages are superior to programs that pay welfare benefits to
recipients who participate in community-based internships because the former
allow for greater income and afford participants the same rights and status as
other workers. Id.




n460  Id. Moreover, programs in which welfare recipients receive their welfare
benefits in exchange for work have been uniformly unsuccessful in increasing
earnings or leading to full-time employment. See Pamela Friedman, Community Work
Experience and Publicly Funded Jobs, Helping the Hard to Serve Meet Work
Requirements (July 1999), available at http://www.financeprojectinfo.org/
Publications/communityissuenote.htm (last visited Mar. 3, 2005). For a full
description and assessment of community work programs, see David T. Ellwood &
Elisabeth D. Welty, Public Service Employment and Mandatory Work: A Policy Whose
Time Has Come and Gone and Come Again (Mar. 6, 1999), at www.jcpr.org/
wpfiles/ellwood-welty.pdf (last visited Mar. 3, 2005).




n461  U.S. Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics, A Profile of the
Working Poor, 2001, Report 968 (June 2003). This amounts to 6.8 million people.
Id.




n462  Iceland, supra note 108, at 3.




n463  For a discussion of how the poverty line is established and its
inadequacies, see Iceland, supra note 108, at 20-37.




n464  See generally Diana Pearce, Self-Sufficiency Standard: A New Tool for
Evaluating Anti-Poverty Policy (Sept. 2001), at
http://www.afsc.org/pwork/0109/010907.htm (last visited Mar. 3, 2005); Heather
Boushey et al., Econ. Policy Inst., Hardships in America: The Real Story of
Working Families (2001), summary available at http://www.epinet.org/content.cfm/
books hardships (last visited Mar. 3, 2005).




n465  Boushey, supra note 464, at 1. "For example, using [Diana] Pearce's
self-sufficiency calculations in Texas, in 1997 a single parent with an infant
and a preschool-age child would have needed to earn monthly wages of $ 2,385.99
($ 13.56 hourly) in Austin, compared to monthly wages totaling $ 1,685.51 ($
9.58 hourly) in Wichita Falls." Patricia Cole & Sarah M. Buel, Safety and
Financial Security for Battered Women: Necessary Steps for Transitioning from
Welfare to Work, 7 Geo. J. on Poverty L. & Pol'y 307, 328 (2000) (summarizing
purpose and benefits of the self-sufficiency standard).




n466  See William Quigley, Full-Time Workers Should Not Be Poor: The Living Wage
Movement, 70 Miss. L.J. 889, 895 (2001) ("An April, 2000 survey found that 94%
of the one thousand adults questioned agreed with the statement that "as a
country, we should make sure that people who work full-time should be able to
earn enough to keep their families out of poverty.").




n467  Internal Revenue Service, Publication 596, The Earned Income Tax Credit
(2003).




n468  See Dan Selzer, Note, Attacks on a Tax: An Alternative to the Earned
Income Tax Credit to Remedy the Unfairness in the Payroll Tax System, 77 S. Cal.
L. Rev. 187, 196-97 (2003) (providing a history and description of the EITC).




n469  IRS Outlines Income Tax Eligibility for the 2003 Tax Year, available at
http://www.irs.gov/ newsroom/article/0,,id=119793,00.html (last visited Mar. 3,
2005).




n470  See Leslie Book, The IRS' EITC Compliance Regime: Taxpayers Caught in the
Net, 81 Or. L. Rev. 351, 363-64 (2002).




n471  Id. at 367.




n472  United States Census Bureau, Poverty 2003, at
http://www.census.gov/hhes/poverty/threshld/thresh03.html (last visited Mar. 3,
2005).




n473  See Edith Rasell et al., Step Up, Not Out: The Case for Raising the
Federal Minimum Wage for Workers in Every State, Economic Policy Institute Issue
Brief #149, (Economic Policy Institute), Feb. 2001.




n474  Quigley, supra note 466, at 917.




n475  Pearce, supra note 464.




n476  See Rachel Harvey, Labor Law: Challenges to the Living Wage Movement:
Obstacles in a Path to Economic Justice, 14 U. Fla. J.L. & Pub. Pol'y 229 (2003)
(summarizing the history and scope of the living wage movement, as well as the
arguments for and against the living wage movement). See also Quigley, supra
note 466, at 889 n.2 (listing resources about the living wage movement).




n477  See Cummings, Progressive Politics, supra note 256, at 469-72.




n478  See Karin Martinson & Julie Strawn, Built to Last: Why Skills Matter for
Long-Run Success in Welfare Reform 12 (Center for Law and Social Policy,
Workforce Development Series Brief No. 1, 2003).




n479  See Rebekah J. Smith, Luisa S. Deprez & Sandra S. Butler, The Miseducation
of Welfare Reform: Denying the Promise of Postsecondary Education, 55 Me. L.
Rev. 211, 216 (2002).




n480  See id. at 216.




n481  See id.




n482  See id. at 219.




n483  See id. at 214.




n484  See id. at 221.




n485  See id. at 222.




n486  See Center for Women's Policy Studies, From Poverty to Self-Sufficiency:
The Role of Postsecondary Education in Welfare Reform 5 (2002).




n487  For specific policy recommendations, see Susan Golonka & Lisa
Matus-Grossman, Manpower Demonstration Research Corporation, Opening Doors:
Expanding Educational Opportunity for Low-Income Workers (May 2001).




n488  See Marie Cohen, Post-secondary Education under Welfare Reform (Welfare
Information Network), Issue notes vol. 2, no. 8, 1998.




n489  Id.




n490  See Golonka & Matus-Grossman, supra note 487, at 14-24.




n491  See J. Larry Brown & Larry W. Beeferman, From New Deal to New Opportunity,
12 The American Prospect, Feb. 12, 2001 (describing theoretical debates over
asset development); Creola Johnson, Welfare Reform and Asset Accumulation: First
We Need a Bed and a Car, 2000 Wis. L. Rev. 1221, 1227-28 (2000); Colleen Dailey
& Ray Boshara, Achieving Economic Self-Sufficiency Through Asset Building:
Opportunities for Low-Income Workers, Corporation for Enterprise Development,
May 2000.




n492  Michael Sherraden, Assets and the Poor: A New American Welfare Policy
(1991).




n493  There are other ideas for assisting the poor in accumulating assets. See,
e.g., Bruce Ackerman & Anne Alstott, The Stakeholder Society 4 (arguing that
every U.S. citizen with a high school diploma be given $ 80,000 on their
twenty-first birthday).




n494  Twenty percent of Americans do not have a checking or savings account.
Dailey & Boshara, supra note 491, at 4.




n495  Creola Johnson argues that participants should be allowed to use IDA funds
for more basic needs, such as furniture or a car. See Johnson, supra note 491,
at 1225.




n496  Center for Source Development, Asset Building: Individual Development
Accounts (2003), available at gwbweb.wustl.edu/csd/Areas Work/Asset
building/IDAs (summarizing status of IDA programs nationwide).




n497  Id.




n498  See Dailey & Boshara, supra note 491, at 6. An IDA demonstration project
revealed that very low income accountholders (at or below fifty percent of the
federal poverty line) saved eight percent of annual income. Participants who
were former welfare recipients saved $ 6 more on average per month than
non-welfare recipients. Id. at 6.




n499  See Dailey & Boshara, supra note 491, at 1-2.




n500  The Assets for Independence Act of 1998 established a five year, national
IDA demonstration expected to reach 30,000 to 40,000 working poor by 2003. See
42 U.S.C. § 604 (2000).




n501  See Lin, supra note 309, at 265.




n502  Id.




n503  Ann Laquer Estin, Marriage and Belonging, 100 Mich. L. Rev. 1690, 1706
(2002).




n504  Martha McCluskey aptly criticizes communitarians for focusing on reforming
the morals of welfare recipients rather than focusing on economic justice.
Martha T. McCluskey, Efficiency and Social Citizenship: Challenging the
Neoliberal Attack on the Welfare State, 78 Ind. L.J. 783, 822-32 (2003).




n505  42 U.S.C. § 601(a)(4) (2000).




n506  Robert Pear & David D. Kirkpatrick, Bush Plans $ 1.5 Billion Drive for
Promotion of Marriage, N.Y. Times, Jan. 14, 2004, at A1.




n507  See Mary Parke, Center for Law and Social Policy, Are Married Parents
Really Better for Children? What Research Says About the Effects of Family
Structure and Child Well-Being (Brief No. 3, 2003).




n508  See Michael Selmi & Naomi Cahn, Caretaking and the Contradictions of
Contemporary Policy, 55 Me. L. Rev. 289, 295 (2002). Moreover, given the high
rates of domestic violence associated with poverty, marriage promotion cannot
work without focusing on abuse prevention and mental health supports. See id. at
296.




n509  See Parke, supra note 507, at 6.




n510  See id.; Selmi & Cahn, supra note 508, at 295-96.




n511  See id. at 292.




n512  Id. at 293.




n513  Id. at 294.




n514  Id.
