
                              501 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Chapel Hill Herald (Durham, N.C.)

                              August 5 2011 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

SECTION: A; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 599  words


$13K grant will help town install recycling bins

CHAPEL HILL -- The Town of Chapel Hill will receive a grant later this year for
$13,000 from the N.C. State Division of Environmental Assistance and Outreach to
purchase and install 12 new recycling containers along Franklin Street.

Orange County Solid Waste Management will collect recycling from those
containers once they are installed, later this year. They can be used to deposit
bottles, cans and paper.

Organizer to offer tips at 'More Time for Teachers'

HILLSBOROUGH -- Lori Bruhns of Everyday Tidy will lead "More Time for Teachers"
at the Main Library from 6 to 7 p.m. Aug. 25. This seminar is geared toward
teachers, parents and homeschoolers who want to learn how to make the most of
planning time and learn how to gain back valuable time to enjoy with family,
friends and hobbies.

Bruhns is a former educator as well as a professional organizer and time-
management consultant, and she can help teachers take control of their class,
papers and time with her easily implemented tips and classroom solutions for the
new school year.

Register by stopping by the library, calling the Reference Desk at (919)
245-2536, or signing up online at bit.ly/MoreTime4Teachers.

'Raised Right' will tackle topics on local foods

HILLSBOROUGH -- The Orange County Main Library will host "Raised Right," the
second in a series of Local Food events, at 6 p.m. Aug. 30. Discover new ways to
find local meat, honey, eggs and poultry, talk about the realities of labels
such as organic, free-range, and grass-fed, and learn what to look for when
choosing cuts for different purposes.

Food providers from beekeepers to cattlemen will be available to answer
questions.

Panelists will include representatives from Parker Family Farms, Rogers Cattle
Company, Double R Cattle and others.

For more information contact Jessica Arnold at jarnold@co.orange.nc.us or (919)
245-2537.

Seymour Center will bring back yard sale on Oct. 1

CHAPEL HILL -- The Seymour Center, serving senior citizens of Orange County, is
reviving its annual yard sale on from 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. Oct. 1. All proceeds are
earmarked to upgrade equipment and fund senior citizen programs at the Seymour
Center. Donations to the sale are tax deductible.

Housewares, artwork and jewelry, sporting goods, tools, furniture, small
appliances, linens, tableware, china, glassware and toys are among the items
needed. Books, clothing, electronics, pets and cosmetics cannot be accepted.

Donations will be accepted at the Seymour Center, 2551 Homestead Road, on
Tuesdays and Saturdays from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. On Tuesdays a drop-off box will be
available until 5 p.m. For pickup of large items or for further information call
968-2070.

Solid waste reps will offer recycling info at Aug. 13 fair

HILLSBOROUGH -- Orange County Solid Waste Management will be at the Northern
Orange Community Resource Fair at New Sharon United Methodist Church from 10
a.m. to 2 p.m. Aug. 13. Its staff will be prepared to answer questions and
provide information about drop-off site use, proper recycling of electronics,
batteries, cell phones, plastics, curbside items, managing hazardous materials
from both homes and small businesses such as painters and cleaners.

Bring all of your questions about solid waste and recycling. You can also bring
any unbroken compact fluorescent lights (aka "twirly" lights, or CFLs) for this
one-day event. Solid Waste Management staff will bring the collected CFLs to the
Hazardous Household Collection facility at the Orange County Landfill, 1514
Eubanks Road, where they can be recycled six days a week.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              502 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                         September 08, 1999, Wednesday

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; NATURE NOTES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 119 words



LOSE THE USED TIRES: The Citrus County Division of Solid Waste Management offers
residents free disposal of used tires on designated days. This program has
continued for 10 years with help from a Florida Department of Environmental
Protection grant. Used tires are used as a fuel supplement in an electrical
power generating plant.  Up to five passenger car and small truck tires will be
accepted for free disposal on the following days: today through Saturday; Oct.
13; Nov. 10 and Dec. 6-11. For information, call the Division of Solid Waste
Management at 746-5000.

- To submit an item for Nature Notes, e-mail to sanchez@sptimes.com, fax to
860-7320 or mail to 301 W Main St., Inverness, FL, 34450.


LOAD-DATE: September 8, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              503 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            August 24, 1999, Tuesday

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; NATURE NOTES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 98 words



LOSE THE USED TIRES: The Citrus County Division of Solid Waste Management offers
residents free disposal of used tires on designated days. This program has
continued for 10 years with help from a Florida Department of Environmental
Protection grant. Used tires are recycled and used as a fuel supplement in an
electrical power generating plant. Up to five passenger car and small truck
tires will be accepted for free disposal on the following days: Sept. 7 to 11;
Oct. 13; Nov. 10; and Dec. 6 to 11. For information, call the Division of Solid
Waste Management at 746-5000.


LOAD-DATE: August 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              504 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                             March 23, 2012 Friday

Centre formulates funding pattern for NCR projects

BYLINE: Express news service

LENGTH: 533  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


To promote public private partnership (PPP) in the development of the NCR
Region, Union Urban Development Minister Kamal Nath on Thursday announced a new
funding pattern. Under the new system, the four states - UP, Haryana, Delhi and
Rajasthan - comprising the region will be given 15 per cent of the project cost
as grants for water and solid waste management projects and 15 per cent
Viability Gap Funding (VGF) for works carried out under PPP model.

In order to assist the state governments to bridge the huge infrastructure
deficit, for the first time, the Board approved a grant of up to 15 percent of
project cost for water and sewerage projects in NCR & CMA towns. This grant
would be in addition to the long term soft loan of up to 75 per cent of the
project cost so that service level benchmarks can be met.

"We have decided on a new funding pattern. Till now, only loans were being
issued to the states in the NCR region. Now, we will give a 15 per cent grant to
state governments for projects," said Kamal Nath at the 32nd meeting of the
National Capital Region Planning Board. Officials in the NCR Planning Board
clarified that the 15 per cent grant was specifically related to water and solid
waste management projects.

"To promote Public-Private-Partnership mode, we will also give 15 per cent VGF
so that all government funds can be leveraged," Nath said. Presently, a total of
Rs 18,000 crore has been released in funds by the UD Ministry to all four
states. Of this, Haryana got the biggest chunk followed by UP, Delhi and
Rajasthan. Kamal Nath said the NCR was one of the "unique" regions in the world
that covers 108 cities and towns with 62 per cent urbanisation.

The UD Minister said he hoped the budgetary support would help formulation of
good projects for the future. He had earlier emphasised that there is an urgent
need for mainstreaming PPP in the water and solid waste management sectors, not
just because of capital generation, but also because it brings about greater
efficiency and higher levels of customer satisfaction. According to the
ministry, there is a proposal to launch an urban infrastructure fund for PPP
with a German company.

The need for a regional transport system connecting Delhi to satellite towns was
also raised in the meeting. Nath said that the Centre and four states were
unanimous in implementing the Rapid Rail Transport System that will connect
satellite cities with the national capital through high-speed rail links.

On the Rapid Rail Transport System, Nath said the Board will again meet within
three months to deliberate more on the issue and that efforts would be made to
ensure that those living in satellite towns and working in the Capital are able
to reach their work places within an hour. "We are working on three routes -
Panipat-Sonepat-Delhi, Meerut-Ghaziabad-Gurgaon-Delhi and Palwal-Rewari-Delhi.
We will meet soon to discuss this issue," he said.

Meanwhile, the Haryana Chief Minister, Bhupinder Singh Hooda, has asked the
Centre to increase the allocation of power out of the central pool from 15 per
cent to 30

per cent, and offer budgetary support as grant-in-aid for infrastructure
projects in satellite towns to decongest Delhi.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              505 of 995 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 2005 University of Maine School of Law
                                Maine Law Review

                                      2005

                               57 Me. L. Rev. 613

LENGTH: 16094 words

CASE NOTE: SMITH v. TOWN OF PITTSTON: MUNICIPAL HOME RULE'S NARROW ESCAPE FROM
THE MORASS OF IMPLICIT PREEMPTION

NAME: Shane Wright

TEXT:
 [*614]  I. INTRODUCTION

   In Smith v. Town of Pittston,  n1 the Maine Supreme Judicial Court, sitting
as the Law Court, upheld a municipal ordinance adopted by the town of Pittston
that prohibited the spreading of septage within Pittston.  n2 The majority  n3
held that Pittston's ordinance did not violate the Maine Hazardous Waste,
Septage and Solid Waste Management Act (Solid Waste Management Act),  n4 which
"governs the disposal of garbage, sludge, septage and other waste."  n5 The
majority interpreted the "home rule" statute  n6 as granting sufficient
authority to Pittston, as a municipal corporation, to enact the ordinance at
issue.  n7 The dissent, on the other hand, would have held the ordinance to be
incompatible with the state's statutory scheme controlling the disposal of
septage.  n8

   An analysis of the statutory schemes controlling waste management and
municipal home rule, along with rules of statutory construction, demonstrates
that the majority opinion best reflects legislative intent. However, the role
and fate of municipal home rule warrant a different approach to state preemption
of local authority. This Note considers the background of municipal authority
and the establishment of home rule in the process of ascertaining legislative
intent and the overall objectives that the Legislature sought to achieve.
Although in this case a statutory construction approach led the Law Court to
uphold Pittston's authority, it did so on narrow grounds and by a one-vote
margin. The danger of home rule being undermined by implied state preemption
calls for more guidance from the legislature and an amended approach to
preemption cases.

   II. MUNICIPAL AUTHORITY

   In describing municipal authority, the Maine Constitution provides that "the
inhabitants of any municipality shall have the power to alter and amend their
charters on all matters, not prohibited by Constitution or general law, which
are local and municipal in character. The Legislature shall prescribe the
procedure by which the municipality may so act."  n9 This constitutional
provision granting "home rule" to Maine municipalities was adopted in 1969.  n10
"Home rule" is a term of art  [*615]  generally connoting municipal autonomy.
n11 In order to gain a complete understanding of Maine's home rule scheme, and
accordingly its significance for the Smith case, it is useful, if not necessary,
to examine the historical relationship between the state and its municipalities
and the developments that culminated in the state granting municipalities home
rule in 1969.

A. The Traditional Relationship Between the State and Municipalities

   By the late seventeenth century, charters granted to English municipalities
conferred a corporate status, and municipalities began to be viewed as an arm of
the central government rather than independent entities.  n12 The view that
municipal corporations were no different than any other corporation created by
the state was solidified when the King's Bench upheld the King's right to revoke
municipal charters in 1683.  n13 The British system was imported to the American
colonies and as a result, the approach to local governance embodied by the
granting of municipal charters by the state became the normal and accepted
approach in the United States.  n14 Despite the acceptance of the grant approach
to municipal authority, a number of state courts in their interpretation of
state constitutions held that there was a degree of local autonomy beyond the
reach of the state legislature.  n15 However,  [*616]  the Supreme Court did not
share those views, but rather, established the controlling rule that
municipalities were merely creatures of the state.  n16 In Worcester v.
Worcester Consolidated Street Railway Co.,  n17 the Court held that a contract
between the city of Worcester and the railway company requiring the railway to
keep utilized portions of the street in good repair was abrogated when the state
amended the statutory scheme in a manner that removed maintenance requirements
from railroads.  n18 Central to the Court's reasoning was the determination
that:


     A municipal corporation is simply a political subdivision of the
     State, and exists by virtue of the exercise of the power of the State
     through its legislative department. The legislature could at any time
     terminate the existence of the corporation itself, and provide other
     and different means for the government of the district comprised
     within the limits of the former city. The city is the creature of the
     State.  n19

   The historical relationship between the State of Maine and its municipalities
was in accord with the national pattern upheld by the Supreme Court.  n20 In
1821, the year after Maine's separation from Massachusetts, the Legislature
codified the relationship between the state and its municipalities, adopting the
"grant approach"  [*617]  to municipal authority.  n21 The grant approach views
municipalities as corporations deriving all of their power and authority from
statutory grants from the state.  n22 Furthermore, they are empowered to act
only within the confines of that grant; there exists no residual authority to
act beyond the scope authorized by the state.  n23 The Law Court interpreted the
statutory scheme granting municipal authority in 1824 in Bussey v. Gilmore.  n24
In Bussey, the court held that the town of Bangor did not have the authority to
levy a tax upon its citizens in order to pay on a contract for a bridge across
the Kenduskeag stream.  n25 The grant of authority  n26 did not explicitly issue
authority for the building of bridges, therefore, the court deemed that the only
possible source of authority was the general grant embodied in the words "and
other necessary charges."  n27 Because the general language needed to be given a
"reasonable limitation,"  n28 the court held that it could not possibly include
the building of bridges.  n29 The court reasoned that "necessary charges" only
[*618]  included expenditures that were incidental to the explicit grants of
authority.  n30

   Although it was codified and firmly accepted and enforced by the courts, the
grant approach was not without its drawbacks. The three basic problems were: (1)
the requirement that municipalities get specific authorization from the state
legislature for any local issue not addressed by a statutory grant; (2) local
issues and problems were becoming increasingly complex and therefore required
flexible solutions; and (3) local affairs and sentiment were at the mercy of
state regulation.  n31 In Squires v. Inhabitants of Augusta,  n32 the split
opinion of the court reflects the aforementioned problems of the grant approach.
The town of Augusta enacted an ordinance permitting non-public school children
to be bused to and from school on the buses paid for by the public funds.  n33
The impetus behind the ordinance was the safety of the children in light of
increased traffic and the reciprocal increased danger to young children walking
to school.  n34 A majority of the court held that the ordinance was beyond the
scope of the authority granted to the town and was therefore invalid.  n35 The
dissenting justices, on the other hand, opined that local officials needed more
flexibility in the scope of their authority in order to address developing
problems and contingencies that could not have been anticipated when the general
grant had been given.  n36 It was those issues faced by the citizens of Augusta,
as they existed in the locality at that time, which needed to be addressed.  n37

    [*619]  As demonstrated by Squires, the grant approach did not permit local
officials to address certain local needs because the grant of authority from the
state had not specifically anticipated those needs. As the dissenting justices
in Squires stated, changes in society and increasingly complex local issues
warranted more flexibility in local authority. Not only expecting, but requiring
the state legislature to address varying local issues created a situation that
was neither ideal nor efficient for either local citizens or the state.

B. Home Rule

1. The Constitutional Amendment and Enabling Legislation

   Ostensibly in response to the problems with the grant approach, in 1967, a
commission was formed to study the matter and issue a report to the Governor and
Legislature.  n38 In its 1968 report, the Maine Intergovernmental Relations
Commission proposed a constitutional amendment establishing municipal home rule.
n39 In laying out the purposes of the proposed amendment, the Commission touched
upon the concepts of local accountability, increased flexibility, and relieving
the state of a burden.  n40 In achieving local accountability, the Commission
stated that: "Home Rule accomplishes the basic philosophy of government in
allowing the people most directly affected by the governing body, to rule the
governing body."  n41 Increased local flexibility could be accomplished by
giving municipal officials authority to make necessary charter amendments and
enact ordinances designed to address local issues.  n42 Finally, the state would
no longer be responsible to respond to each local contingency on an independent
basis but would be able to delegate that function to local elected officials.
n43

    [*620]  As ultimately enacted, the constitutional amendment provided
municipalities with "power to alter and amend their charters on all matters, . .
. which are local and municipal in character."  n44 The amendment also
established authority in the legislature to "prescribe the procedure" by which
such charter alterations or amendments may be carried out.  n45 As currently
codified, the enabling legislation is found in Title 30-A of the Maine Revised
Statutes.  n46 Chapter 111 of the Title declares that its purpose "is to
implement the home rule powers granted to municipalities by the Constitution of
Maine, Article VIII, Part Second."  n47 The Chapter provides procedures relating
to municipal charters,  n48 and ultimately states that "this chapter, being
necessary for the welfare of the municipalities and their inhabitants, shall be
liberally construed to accomplish its purposes."  n49 More directly related to
Smith v. Town of Pittston, is Chapter 141 of the Title addressing municipal
ordinances.  n50 Section 3001 of the Chapter generally establishes municipal
authority:


     Any municipality, by the adoption, amendment or repeal of ordinances
     or bylaws, may exercise any power or function which the Legislature
     has power to confer upon it, which is not denied either expressly or
     by clear implication, and exercise any power or function granted to
     the municipality by the Constitution of Maine, general law or charter.
     n51


Moreover, subsections one through three make it very clear that the Legislature
intended local authority to be very broad. The subsections provide:


     1. Liberal construction. This section, being necessary for the welfare
     of the municipalities and their inhabitants, shall be liberally
     construed to effect its purposes.

     2. Presumption of authority. There is a rebuttable presumption that
     any ordinance enacted under this section is a valid exercise of a
     municipality's home rule authority.

     3. Standard of preemption. The Legislature shall not be held to have
     implicitly denied any power granted to municipalities under this
     section unless the municipal ordinance in question would frustrate the
     purpose of any state law.  n52


The combination of the language in Article VIII of the state constitution,
section 3001 of Title 30-A of the Revised Code, and the report by the
Intergovernmental Relations Commission  n53 warrant the conclusion that the
Legislature intended to  [*621]  grant municipalities a significant degree of
autonomy in local matters.  n54 The statutory scheme endows municipalities with
as much authority as the Legislature has the power to confer, contingent only
upon the Legislature's authority to limit that power.  n55 Moreover, that
authority is accompanied by a requirement of liberal construction and a
presumption of validity.  n56 Municipal home rule was intended to be more than
rhetoric.

2. Judicial Interpretation

   Despite the apparent intent of the Legislature, the scope of municipal
autonomy has not always been subject to consistent judicial construction.  n57
The problem seems to have been facilitated by, if not a direct result of, the
grant approach that had controlled for approximately a century and a half, and
the existence of statutory grants of authority still present in the Code despite
the establishment of home rule.  n58 In Town of Waterboro v. Lessard,  n59 the
Law Court was called upon to decide the validity, or lack thereof, of an
ordinance enacted by Waterboro that regulated the proximity of construction to
property boundary lines.  n60 The court stated the "basic issue" as being
"whether § 5(a) of the municipal ordinance is authorized by 30 M.R.S.A. § 2151."
n61 The decision was entirely based upon the construction of section 2151 of the
Revised Code, which, in part, regulated the design and construction of buildings
and building additions, and the effect or impact of home rule was not discussed.
n62 Because a setback requirement was not within the scope of section 2151,
Waterboro's ordinance was held to be invalid.  n63 A year later in Town of
Windham v. LaPointe,  n64 the court, again, not only ignored the impact of home
rule, but founded its opinion on the grant approach, in direct contradiction to
the new home rule scheme.  n65 Rather than seek to determine if  [*622]
Windham's authority to regulate house trailers had been denied, the court
inquired whether or not such authority had been granted.  n66 Moreover, the town
itself argued that it had authority based on a general grant of police power
under section 2151 rather than home rule authority.  n67

   Although the court's acceptance and consideration of home rule came slowly,
it did eventually take hold. In Clardy v. Town of Livermore,  n68 the court held
that Livermore's ordinance prescribing minimum frontage was not applicable to
the Clardys' land because they had owned it prior to enactment of the ordinance.
n69 By holding the ordinance not applicable on that ground, the court did not
have to reach the issue of whether or not the ordinance constituted a taking.
n70 Therefore, in keeping with the judicial canon of avoiding constitutional
questions when a statute or ordinance can be so interpreted, the court did not
reach Livermore's contention that home rule permitted it to enact such an
ordinance.  n71 Commenting on the town's argument, however, the court stated,
"we agree with defendant Town that the issues it raises in this case are
important as portents of many, and major, transformations that have been wrought
by the advent of municipal home-rule in the legal framework which has governed,
for so long, the interrelations of State and municipal authority."  n72

   In Schwanda v. Bonney,  n73 the court not only interpreted the home rule
doctrine, but employed a key component of the legislative scheme: state
preemption.  n74 In Schwanda, the court invalidated an ordinance enacted by the
town of Freeport that required an applicant for a concealed weapons license to
demonstrate that he needed the license for personal protection or for use in the
course of his employment.  n75 This need requirement was in addition to the
state's statutory requirement that an applicant demonstrate "good moral
character."  n76 The court cited constitutional home rule and the enabling
legislation, but found that neither gave Freeport the authority to regulate the
issuance of concealed weapons licenses in the manner it had chosen.  n77 The
court based its opinion on two somewhat competing  [*623]  rationales that
reflected the ongoing problem with the application of home rule. Quoting the
constitutional grant of authority, the court stated that "the licensing act has
statewide application; it does not involve matters . . . which are local and
municipal in character.'"  n78 Moreover, the court quoted the language of the
home rule enabling statute  n79 and concluded that "municipal regulation beyond
the statutory requirements of legal residency and good moral character in the
licensing of persons to carry concealed weapons is by clear implication denied
by the enabling legislative provisions."  n80 The authority was denied by clear
implication because the state had "preempted the field respecting regulatory
requirements in the issuance of concealed weapons."  n81

   The two rationales employed are contradictory, because, unlike the language
of the constitution, the enabling legislation does not appear to constrain
municipal authority to only those matters which are local in character. Rather,
it conveys any power that the legislature has authority to convey unless such
has been denied.  n82 The court's interpretation of these seemingly
contradictory grants of authority will be of utmost importance in defining the
scope of home rule, particularly in light of the apparent view of the
Legislature as stated by the Intergovernmental Relations Commission report:



     If the municipality fails to adhere to the law allowing Home Rule,
     abuses the enacting legislation, or fails to operate under Home Rule
     in a manner consistent with the philosophy therein, the Courts will be
     called upon to act. The Courts in replacing a legislature in this role
     will furnish stability to decisions that are made. The stability stems
     from the doctrine of "stare decisis" whereby one decision is rule or
     [sic] law as to how the Court will act in a similar set of
     circumstances.  n83

   Similar to Freeport's authority in Schwanda, the court found the town of
Boothbay Harbor's authority in regard to liquor licenses to be implicitly
preempted in Ullis v. Inhabitants of the Town of Boothbay Harbor.  n84 The town
of Boothbay Harbor had enacted an ordinance that prohibited any additional
restaurants that served liquor with meals from obtaining a liquor license unless
it was located at  [*624]  least 1200 feet from any other restaurant of that
class.  n85 The court held that the state's "liquor licensing scheme" preempted
any municipal regulation.  n86 In holding such, the court stated that the
ordinance "works at cross purposes to the state's liquor licensing statutes, and
therefore impermissibly conflicts with them."  n87 Significant to the court's
determination that the state statutory scheme was intended to preempt additional
municipal regulation was the fact that the state permitted municipalities to
regulate in two specific ways.  n88 Municipalities were permitted, by
referendum, to prohibit specified classes of liquor licenses altogether and also
to establish additional requirements for establishments that provided
entertainment as well as liquor.  n89

   The amendments to the enabling statute in 1987  n90 and the subsequent
judicial decisions based upon the new statute were much more favorable to
municipalities and home rule. In Central Maine Power Co. v. Town of Lebanon,
n91 the court upheld a Lebanon ordinance prohibiting the commercial,
non-agricultural spraying of herbicides without town approval.  n92 The court
held that the state's statutory scheme addressing pesticides neither explicitly
nor implicitly preempted local regulation.  n93 Central to that determination
was the court's analysis of the purpose of the state statutes -- the protection
of public health, safety, welfare, and the state's natural resources; the court
found that the Town of Lebanon's ordinance did not conflict with those purposes.
n94 In regard to the furtherance of the state's purposes in regulating
pesticides, the court stated: "By requiring a more stringent review process for
certain types of pesticide use than that found in the two Maine pesticide acts,
the Lebanon ordinance shares and advances these same purposes."  n95

   Similarly, in School Committee of York v. Town of York,  n96 the court gave a
broad interpretation to municipal home rule, including addressing the apparent
[*625]  contradiction between the constitutional provision and the enabling
statute.  n97 The Town of York enacted its first charter in 1991, and in the
process "divested budgetary authority from the School Committee"; the School
Committee then challenged the validity of the charter.  n98 In the process of
upholding the charter, the court examined the Legislature's intent embodied by
the home rule amendments adopted in 1987.  n99 In the court's view, the
amendments to the enabling legislation made it "clear that the Legislature
intended to convey a plenary grant of the state's police power to
municipalities, subject only to express or implied limitations."  n100 Because
of the Legislature's intent to convey a plenary grant to municipalities, the
court found that the original version of the enabling legislation permitted
"local legislation in areas beyond those local and municipal in character.'"
n101 The court garnered additional support from the Committee Report, which
stated:


     The standard [of review set out in 30-A M.R.S.A. § 3001] reaffirms the
     fundamental principle of home rule, that municipalities have been
     given a plenary grant of power. . . . Only where the municipal
     ordinance prevents the efficient accomplishment of a defined state
     purpose should a municipality's home rule power be restricted,
     otherwise they are free to act to promote the well-being of their
     citizens.  n102


Furthermore, the court refuted the argument that Title 20-A, regulating
educational matters, created a comprehensive scheme implicitly preempting local
regulation.  n103 Again, quoting the Committee Report, the opinion states: "The
mere fact that there is a state law, or even a multitude of state laws on a
subject is by itself irrelevant; the key is whether the Legislature intended to
exclusively occupy the field and thereby deny a municipality's home rule
authority to act in the same area."  n104

   Two preemption cases with an even greater significance to Smith v. Town of
Pittston are Midcoast Disposal, Inc. v. Town of Union  n105 and Sawyer
Environmental Recovery Facilities, Inc. v. Town of Hampden.  n106 In Midcoast
Disposal, Inc.,  [*626]  the court held that the state, through the Solid Waste
Management Act, had implicitly preempted municipal authority in the area of
solid waste disposal.  n107 Preemption was deemed implied due to the "
comprehensive and exclusive regulatory scheme'" adopted by the state
Legislature.  n108 Significant to the court's reasoning was the Act's
declaration of policy seeking to address the increasing amount of waste and the
inefficient methods in place to deal with it, and to encourage " public or
private' solid waste programs that reduce the actual volume of solid waste
generated and increase the quantity of waste that is recycled and reused in a
safe manner."  n109

   Similarly, in Sawyer, the court held that the Solid Waste Management Act
preempted the Town of Hampden's prohibition of Sawyer Environmental's expansion
beyond the border of the original landfill.  n110 As part of the Department of
Environmental Protection application process for expansion, Sawyer notified
Hampden of its intentions.  n111 This notification was required by section
1310-S of the Solid Waste Management Act and granted Hampden intervenor status
in the application process.  n112 The court deemed the granting of intervenor
status to be evidence that the state Legislature intended municipalities to have
only a limited role in the application process, not authority to prohibit
expansion all together.  n113 Furthermore, section 1310-U of the Solid Waste
Management Act prohibits municipalities from enacting stricter standards than
those in the statute or the associated  [*627]  rules.  n114 The court stated
that the prohibition of stricter standards "necessarily bars" Hampden's attempt
to prohibit the expansion altogether.  n115

   III. SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT ACT

   The Maine Legislature enacted the Solid Waste Management Act in 1973.  n116
The enactment followed closely upon the heels of the federal government's
enactment of the Clean Water Act in 1972.  n117 As currently codified, the
stated congressional purpose of the Clean Water Act is to restore and protect
the nation's water from various forms of pollution.  n118 Similarly, the Maine
Solid Waste Management Act was enacted to establish a statewide program to
address the problems of pollution, and in the current form focuses not only on
water pollution, but also land and air pollution.  n119 In its declaration of
policy, the Legislature further stated its finding that statewide legislation
was necessary to address the problems of pollution because municipalities had
not, and, due to the structure of local government,  [*628]  potentially could
not have, adequately addressed the issues themselves.  n120 Finally, the
Legislature found "that environmentally suitable sites for waste disposal are in
limited supply and represent a critical natural resource," and the provisions of
the Act should be liberally construed to "accomplish the policies in this
section."  n121

   The statute directly addresses the role and authority of municipalities in
the effort to reduce and recycle, as well as to protect the health of the
citizens and the environment.  n122 Each municipality is required to provide for
the disposal of both solid waste and septic waste generated within that
municipality.  n123 In addition to requiring each municipality to provide for
the disposal of septic waste, the statute states that "any person may provide a
site for disposal of septage."  n124 In establishing a site for septage
disposal, such a person must receive approval from the State Department of
Environmental Protection and the municipality.  n125 In the process of
evaluating the application, the municipality may consider the proposed
location's compliance with municipal ordinances, zoning and land use controls.
n126 If there is no conflict between the proposed location of the private site
and such municipal ordinances, then the municipality is required to approve the
application.  n127

   Significant to analysis of the Solid Waste Management Act, as with any
statutory compilation, and of particular importance in the Smith case are the
statutory definitions. Section 1303-C(29) defines "solid waste" and provides a
non-exhaustive list of substances included in the definition.  n128 More
significant to the Smith  [*629]  case and the incumbent preemption analysis, is
the list of substances that are not incorporated by the definition, which
includes "septage."  n129 Of related significance are sections 1310-S and
1310-U. Both sections are included in Article III of Title 38 addressing "Solid
Waste Facility Siting."  n130 Section 1310-S discussed earlier in the context of
Sawyer Environmental Recovery Facilities, Inc., addresses local participation,
including municipal intervenor status.  n131 Section 1310-U, also discussed in
the context of Sawyer Environmental Recovery Facilities, Inc., addresses the
role of municipal ordinances in the establishment and siting of solid waste
facilities.  n132 The crux of section 1310-U is that municipalities are
prohibited from enacting stricter standards than the state has established
through its statutory scheme.  n133

   IV. SMITH V. TOWN OF PITTSTON

   In Smith v. Town of Pittston, Jerald Smith filed a complaint against the Town
claiming that its septage ordinance, which prohibited the dumping of septage
absent approval by a vote of the citizens, was illegal.  n134 The claim was
based upon the language and intent of the Solid Waste Management Act, whereby
Smith argued that the state, through its statutory scheme, had preempted
municipal authority to prohibit his creation of a private site.  n135 The
Superior Court (Kennebec County, Marden, J.) held that municipal ordinances,
such as Pittston's, are preempted by the state statutory scheme.  n136 On
appeal, the Law Court vacated the judgment of the Superior Court and remanded
the case for judgment in favor of the Town of Pittston.  n137 Three members of
the court dissented from the majority, arguing that municipal authority, to the
extent exercised by Pittston, was preempted by the Legislature's enactment of
the Solid Waste Management Act.  n138

   In April of 1999, Smith first sought permission before Pittston's municipal
officers to spread septage on a privately owned site in the town.  n139 As
directed by the municipal officers, Smith began the process of applying for a
permit for his proposed business.  n140 On July 28<th> of that year, the
citizens of Pittston approved  [*630]  a 180-day moratorium on the spreading of
septage within the municipal borders.  n141 Due to the existence of the
moratorium, the municipal officers declined to submit Smith's application for
review by the State Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) on August 4.
n142 At a town meeting on December 22, 1999, the citizens of Pittston approved
an ordinance that "prohibited the spreading, storing, or dumping of septage in
the Town of Pittston' unless approved by the voters of the Town of Pittston."
n143 The same day, Smith's spreading application was forwarded to the DEP for
review.  n144 The application was not fully reviewed by the DEP because it was
deemed incomplete, but was forwarded again on February 2, 2000.  n145 On October
19, 2000, Pittston's voters approved a third version of the septage spreading
ordinance that made the effective date retroactive to July 23, 1999.  n146 On
May 15, 2001, the DEP approved Smith's application and granted a license to
spread septage on his Pittston property.  n147 When the Town refused to approve
the site and grant Smith a permit, this legal action ensued.  n148

   In their opinion upholding the ordinance, the majority of the court began
their analysis with the policy and purpose of the Solid Waste Management Act.
n149 The court noted the need for statewide coordination of disposal and
recycling efforts, and reiterated the Legislature's determination that the Act
should be " construed liberally to address the findings and accomplish the
policies [of section 1302].'"  n150 Completing its discussion of the statutory
background, the court provided the relevant statutory definitions and noted the
DEP authority in the approval process.  n151 The court began its discussion of
preemption by examining section 1305(6) of the Solid Waste Management Act.  n152
As was discussed previously in this article, section 1305(6) requires
municipalities to provide for the disposal of septage, and further that any
individual may provide a site.  n153 The section also addresses the method for
approval of a proposed private site.  n154 Before moving on to discuss home rule
authority and the standards for preemption, the court noted the existence of
section 1310-U prohibiting municipalities from enacting stricter standards than
has the state in regulating solid waste disposal.  n155

    [*631]  Having laid out the relevant portions of the Solid Waste Management
Act, the court turned to home rule and the standards for preemption.  n156 The
court recognized that a municipality may exercise any authority not explicitly
or implicitly denied by the state, noted the presumption in favor of municipal
authority, and stated that "the determinative factor is, therefore, whether the
ordinance would frustrate the purpose of any state law.'"  n157 Accordingly, the
appropriate standard was stated in the terms of "we will view municipal action
as preempted only when the application of the municipal ordinance prevents the
efficient accomplishment of a defined state purpose.'"  n158

   While recognizing that it had previously held in both Midcoast Disposal and
Sawyer Environmental Recovery Facilities, Inc. that the Solid Waste Management
Act preempted municipal ordinances banning solid waste disposal, the court
distinguished these cases on the ground that septage is treated differently than
solid waste.  n159 Specifically, the court held that section 1305(6) "clearly
contemplates" municipal involvement in the licensing process, which makes its
approach different than that for solid waste provided in section 1310-U.  n160
The existence and structure of section 1310-U was seen as unambiguous evidence
that the Legislature was competent to preempt municipal authority when it chose
to, and the inclusion of only solid waste within section 1310-U confirmed an
intentionally different approach to septage.  n161 Furthermore, Pittston had met
the state's general requirement that it provide for the safe and effective
disposal of septage by contracting with Interstate Septic Systems in a manner
approved by the DEP.  n162 Finally, the majority stated that Smith's argument
was weakened because the ordinance did not in fact prohibit private septage
disposal, but only spreading or land application.  n163 The court noted that
other methods of disposal permissible under the DEP regulations were still
available to Smith and any other potential private applicant, and therefore the
state's purposes were not frustrated.  n164

   While the dissenting justices undertook the same analysis, they reached the
opposite conclusion -- that Pittston's ordinance was preempted by the Solid
Waste Management Act.  n165 The majority's conclusion that not all methods of
disposal available to private applicants were foreclosed by Pittston's ordinance
drew an incredulous response from the dissent.  n166 In the dissent's view, the
alternate methods suggested by the majority, while in some technical sense may
have been available, were utterly unrealistic in application.  n167 The dissent
concluded that Pittston's  [*632]  ordinance frustrated the Legislature's
purpose in enacting statewide regulation, and therefore, it was invalid.  n168

   V. ANALYSIS

   The complexity of the issue presented is demonstrated by the fact that the
majority and dissenting justices undertook the same analysis and yet reached
opposite conclusions. Compelling and opposing legislative policies accompanied
by limited legislative guidance has left the courts to do the heavy lifting in
the domain of implied preemption. Both the majority and the dissent took a
practical and legitimate approach to the issue, and based on the law and
precedent, both achieved a reasonable conclusion.  n169 However, based upon the
statutory structure of both the Solid Waste Management Act and the home rule
enabling legislation, and accepted models of statutory construction, the
majority had the better of the argument. Moreover, prudential considerations
surrounding the significance and importance of municipal home rule counsel
against preemption. The court's analysis of the issues and hesitancy to
recognize implied preemption is grander than the issue of whether Mr. Smith
could spread septage on his property in Pittston. In cases of implied preemption
the entire scheme of municipal home rule is at risk of being undermined. Home
rule is of extreme importance, not only to municipalities, but also to the local
citizenship and the state government. The importance of home rule calls for a
legislative determination of preemption rather than a judicial one; requiring a
legislative determination keeps the courts and the democratic process operating
within the realms to which they were designed and are best-suited.

A. Statutory Construction

   General rules of statutory construction are instructive in the implied
preemption analysis. To begin with, the point of interpreting a statute is to
fulfil the intent of the Legislature; that is always the objective.  n170
Furthermore, a significant part of the intent is effectuating the policy
supporting that intended objective.  n171 The  [*633]  Law Court has stated that
legislative history and legislative activity are useful instruments to be
considered in the process of ascertaining legislative intent.  n172 A corollary
to achieving the legislative intent is the plain meaning rule, or in other
words, applying the plain or common meaning to the language in order to best
represent the legislative intent.  n173 Additionally, and of particular
importance in such an extensive statutory scheme as the Solid Waste Management
Act, is the rule that every portion of the legislation be afforded meaning.
n174 What this rule of construction means is that no one section will be
construed in such a manner that it negates another section or makes another
section obsolete.  n175

   Section 1302 of the Solid Waste Management Act declares the need for
statewide coordination to address the environmental issues and the scarcity of
suitable waste disposal sites.  n176 The ultimate goal expressed by the
Legislature is "to protect the health, safety and welfare of [Maine's] citizens,
enhance and maintain the quality of the environment, conserve natural resources
and prevent air, water and land pollution."  n177 In order to achieve that
objective, the Legislature declares that the provisions of the Act should be
liberally construed.  n178 In implementing the state's policy, the statute
requires municipalities to provide for the disposal of solid waste and septage
produced within the municipal boundaries.  n179 That requirement must be read in
light of the overall purpose of the statute -- protecting the health of the
citizenry and the environment. Similarly, the provision's allowance for private
septage disposal sites can be linked to the finding that "environmentally
suitable sites for waste disposal are in limited supply and represent a critical
natural resource."  n180

   As with the Solid Waste Management Act, the Legislature has provided that the
home rule enabling legislation should be liberally construed to give effect to
its purposes.  n181 The purpose to be given effect is the enhancement of "the
welfare of the municipalities and their inhabitants."  n182 The breadth of
municipal authority is demonstrated by its limitations, which are found only in
express denial of authority  [*634]  or denial by clear implication.  n183 In
order for implicit denial of authority to be established, the municipal
ordinance must "frustrate the purpose of any state law."  n184 Implied
preemption has been found to exist when a municipality attempted to add an
additional requirement to that required by the state for the issuance of a
concealed weapons permit.  n185 Similarly, the Town of Brewer was preempted from
regulating an automobile junkyard in a manner beyond the scope of the state
statutory scheme.  n186 Likewise, the court has invalidated, on preemption
grounds, a municipal ordinance that sought to impose additional requirements in
order to receive a liquor license.  n187 In the words of the court, such
ordinances work at "cross purposes" to the state's enacted scheme.  n188
However, a local ordinance that requires a more stringent review or analysis in
a manner that furthers the purpose of the state scheme is not implicitly
preempted.  n189

   The statutory requirement that municipal home rule be liberally construed
reflects the Legislature's intent that towns be given broad authority to control
local issues. Furthermore, that authority is accompanied by a presumption of
validity.  n190 The stated purpose of promoting the welfare of municipalities
and their inhabitants is buttressed by the words of the Intergovernmental
Relations Commission's report, which states: "The establishment of Municipal
Home Rule creates a local government that must be responsible to the people it
governs. If it is not responsible to the local community, then the local
government will no longer be in office."  n191 As long as the municipal
ordinance does not frustrate the purpose of a state law it will be upheld.  n192
It is against this backdrop that the Solid Waste Management Act, and Pittston's
authority must be analyzed.

   As has been discussed, section 1305(6) of the Solid Waste Management Act
requires each municipality to provide for disposal of septage produced within
its borders. The same section provides that in addition to the municipality's
obligation, any individual "may provide a site for disposal of septage."  n193
Based upon the language, it is clear that there is no obligation upon such an
individual as there is for the municipality.  n194 Before a private site can be
utilized, the individual must  [*635]  get approval from the DEP and the
municipality.  n195 In the case of private septage disposal, the legislative
intent, and accordingly the scope of the municipality's role, can be
distinguished from the municipality's role in the solid waste context. Section
1305(6) provides that "the municipal officers shall approve, after hearing, any
such private site if they find the site complies with municipal ordinances and
with local zoning and land use controls."  n196 A plain reading of the statute
necessitates the conclusion that a municipality does have authority to accept or
reject an application, but only upon the bases provided in the statute. Should
the site comply with local ordinances, zoning, and land use controls, then the
municipality must approve the application. The plain meaning is confirmed by an
examination of other relevant factors.

   As was discussed in the context of Sawyer Environmental Recovery Facilities,
Inc., section 1310-S grants a municipality intervenor status when an application
for a solid waste disposal facility license is filed with the DEP.  n197 As the
court in Sawyer noted, intervenor status is not commensurate with an authority
to prohibit a solid waste disposal facility entirely. However, it is noteworthy
that section 1305(6) does not grant intervenor status, but makes municipal
approval a prerequisite for a private site.  n198 The granting of intervenor
status on the one hand, and the requirement of written approval on the other,
reflects a different policy relating to the scope of municipal involvement.
Furthermore, section 1310-U, also relied upon by the court in Sawyer, prohibits
municipalities from enacting stricter siting standards, but does so only in the
context of "solid waste."  n199 It could be argued that the policy behind
section 1310-U applied to septage as well as to solid waste, but the structure
of the statutory scheme and recent legislative activity belie that argument.
Both sections 1310-S and 1310-U fall under the heading of "Solid Waste Facility
Siting."  n200 Furthermore, the specific exclusion of "septage" from the
statutory definition of "solid waste"  n201 was pursuant to an amendment passed
in 2001.  n202 As the court has stated, such legislative activity is informative
of legislative intent; the Legislature's removal of septage from the definition,
absent any accompanying amendment to section 1310-U, creates an inference that
the section's application was intended to be confined to solid waste.

   Moreover, section 1305(6) grants the municipality authority to "determine
whether approval of the [private] site must be obtained first from the
department or the municipality."  n203 Applying the rules of statutory
construction it follows that such a discretionary grant to the municipality must
not be empty words. If the scope of municipal authority in approving an
application for a private septage disposal  [*636]  site is as narrow as the
Smith dissent argues, then the ability to determine whether approval may come
first from the municipality or the department is obsolete. No benefit could
possibly be derived from such discretion if the underlying authority was
essentially nonexistent.

   Finally, the purpose of the Solid Waste Management Act is not frustrated by
permitting municipalities to prohibit private septage disposal sites. To protect
the health and welfare of its citizens and the environment, the Legislature
sought to establish a coordinated and integrated approach to waste disposal
through the Solid Waste Management Act.  n204 One of the means employed to
accomplish this purpose, was requiring each municipality to properly dispose of
the septage produced within its boundaries. The record in the Smith case
demonstrates that Pittston has satisfied that requirement.  n205 An additional
purpose of the state was to act in a manner that recognized that
"environmentally suitable sites for waste disposal are in limited supply and
represent a critical natural resource."  n206 Although the context of this
legislative finding leads to the conclusion that it is related to the
encouragement of recycling and reuse,  n207 interpreting it more broadly, as the
dissent in Smith appears to have done, does not convert Pittston's ordinance
into a frustration of the state's purpose. There is nothing in the record that
indicates that Pittston has not met its obligations to protect its citizens and
the environment. Permitting Mr. Smith to spread septage on his property may very
well have contributed to the Solid Waste Management Act's purpose, but
prohibiting the same does not frustrate it; rather, it requires Pittston to
satisfy its obligations through other means, which it has done. Furthermore, the
ordinance would have been valid even if it had prohibited all methods of
disposal rather than just spreading.  n208

B. Significance of Home Rule

   In contrast with the Solid Waste Management Act, the Legislature's purpose in
granting municipal home rule would have been frustrated by a judicial finding
that Pittston's authority had been implicitly preempted. As was discussed in
Part II(B)(1) above, the Legislature intended municipal home rule to establish a
substantial degree of municipal independence and accountability to the local
citizenry.  n209 To facilitate the accomplishment of that purpose, the
requirement that home rule be broadly construed was included in the statute.
n210 Reflecting the legislative intent is the sweeping language of the
Intergovernmental Relations Commission's report:


      [*637]  Home Rule accomplishes the basic philosophy of government in
     allowing the people most directly affected by the governing body, to
     rule the governing body. Whether it be municipal, state or federal,
     the United States has been a country whereby "no taxation without
     representation" has been the motto. The establishment of Municipal
     Home Rule creates a local government that must be responsible to the
     people it governs.  n211


Had the court preempted municipal authority, the ramifications would have been
far-reaching. For example, an individual could decide he wanted to establish a
private site for the disposal of septage, and as long as the DEP approved, there
would be nothing that the municipality could do to prevent the disposal. This
would be true regardless of the location of the site  n212 or what percentage of
the town's citizenship was opposed to the location. Borrowing the words of
another commentator, "adherence to [that] interpretation will result in the end
of meaningful home rule in Maine."  n213 Moreover, from an environmental
standpoint, other commentators have stated that "increased participation by
local government in the environmental arena can enhance environmental protection
by tailoring federal and state programs to fit local needs and concerns. . . .
Municipalities have a legitimate role in evaluating federal and state policies
in the light of the environmental and social conditions in their area."  n214

C. The Role of the Legislature vs. the Role of the Judiciary

   Although the court in Smith v. Town of Pittston got the answer right, whether
or not the state has preempted municipal home rule authority should not be left
to judicial determination, but rather to the Legislature. By explicitly
preempting certain fields of authority  n215 the Legislature has demonstrated
that it is capable of making such determinations. Rather than create an
amorphous sphere of implied preemption, the Legislature should explicitly
preempt any field it desires to preempt.  n216 The court's approach in implied
preemption cases, as demonstrated in  [*638]  Smith, supports this argument.
When a court interprets a statutory scheme in order to determine whether or not
the Legislature has implicitly preempted municipal home rule, it looks first and
foremost to the legislative intent of the statute.  n217 Consequently, the court
either finds that there is, or is not, implicit preemption based on its
perception of the intent of the Legislature.  n218 Once a court makes such a
determination, there is a lasting impact due to judicial precedence and stare
decisis.  n219 However, it is the Legislature that is in the best position to
know its own intent. Rather than force a court to struggle through statutory
interpretation of competing statutory schemes, the Legislature should simply
state its intent, and if it desires to preempt municipal authority do so
explicitly. Furthermore, requiring explicit preemption will escape the potential
pitfall of the courts creating authoritative precedence based on a
misinterpretation of legislative intent. The state has made it clear that
municipal home rule is important; accordingly, preemption of local authority is
best left to the democratic process.

   Moreover, the significance of the environmental concerns addressed by the
Solid Waste Management Act warrant a legislative determination. The Act was
enacted during an era of increasing environmental awareness. While much has been
accomplished in the effort to protect the environment over the last thirty
[*639]  years, environmental concerns are still substantial and varied.  n220
Accordingly, the question of preemption should be answered by the Legislature.
It is clear from Smith that municipal authority and environmental protection can
be competing interests. The state has sought to address both interests through
comprehensive statutory schemes that require an expansive interpretation to
effect the underlying purposes.  n221 Thus, which interest is more compelling is
a determination that should be addressed by the same governmental entity that
enacted those statutory schemes: the Legislature. The ramifications of a
judicial determination like the one in Smith v. Town of Pittston are
far-reaching and impact the accomplishment of two important state objectives. It
is not in the best interest of the citizens of Maine to have the fate of
municipal home rule on the one hand and environmental protection on the other
turn on a judicial analysis of statutory construction with such limited
legislative guidance.

   VI. CONCLUSION

   In Smith v. Town of Pittston, the Law Court was called upon to interpret the
interplay of two somewhat competing statutory schemes. Employing a traditional
statutory construction approach, the court, by a one vote margin, answered the
question appropriately. Although the court's decision was obviously significant
to both parties to the case, it had a more significant impact by preserving
municipal home rule. The intent of the state Legislature, as evidenced by
Article VIII of the Maine Constitution and the accompanying statutory enabling
legislation, is that municipalities have extensive authority over local issues
in order to promote an efficient government responsible to its citizenry.
Implied preemption to home rule, such as argued by Mr. Smith and supported by
the dissenters of the court, carves away at municipal authority and defeats the
purpose and intent of the Legislature. Although the statutory scheme permits the
courts to find preemption in cases where authority is denied by "clear
implication," the purpose of home rule and the well-being of Maine's citizens
would be best served if the Legislature explicitly preempted authority when it
intended to do so. It may be unrealistic to expect the Legislature to anticipate
every claim of preemption, but judicial determination should be reserved only
for those rare instances when it could not have been predicted and addressed by
the Legislature. In those cases, the current standard of implied preemption,
that of frustrating the purpose of state law, should be narrowly interpreted as
it was by the majority of the court in Smith. Preserving home rule advances the
intent of the Legislature and provides local citizens the accountability and
responsiveness that is the hallmark of American democracy.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsLegislationGeneral OverviewGovernmentsLocal GovernmentsGeneral
OverviewGovernmentsState & Territorial GovernmentsRelations With Governments

FOOTNOTES:




n1  2003 ME 46, 820 A.2d 1200.




n2  Id. PP 10, 31, 820 A.2d at 1208-09.




n3  Four justices agreed that the ordinance was legitimate while the three
remaining justices joined in dissent. See id. P 39, 820 A.2d at 1210.




n4  ME. REV. STAT. ANN. tit. 38, §§ 1301-1319-Y (West 2001 & Supp. 2003).




n5  Smith v. Town of Pittston, 2003 ME 46, P 20, 820 A.2d at 1204.




n6  ME. REV. STAT. ANN. tit. 30-A, § 3001 (West 1996).




n7  Smith v. Town of Pittston, 2003 ME 46, PP 29-31, 820 A.2d at 1207-09.




n8  Id. P 43, 820 A.2d at 1212.




n9  Me. Const. art. VIII, pt. 2, § 1.




n10  See Robert W. Bower, Jr., Home Rule and the Pre-Emption Doctrine: The
Relationship Between State and Local Government in Maine, 37 ME. L. REV. 313,
340-42 (1985).




n11  Id. at 313 n.1 (" As a political symbol "home rule" is generally understood
to be synonymous with local autonomy, the freedom of a local unit of government
to pursue self-determined goals without interference by the legislature or other
agencies of state government.'") (quoting Terrance Sandalow, The Limits of
Municipal Power Under Home Rule: A Role for the Courts, 48 MINN. L. REV. 643,
644 (1964)).




n12  See id. at319. Bower notes the irony of this developing legal fiction in
light of the "plain fact [that] the historic cities of Europe today are all
older than the state that legally claims these rights, and had an independent
existence before their right to exist was recognized!" Id. at 319 n.45.




n13  See id. at 320 (citing The King v. Mayor and Commonalty of London, 89 Eng.
Rep. 930 (K.B. 1683)).




n14  Id.




n15  See, for example, People ex rel. Leroy v. Hurlbut, 24 Mich. 44 (1871),
where the court stated:

The state may mould local institutions according to its views of policy or
expediency; but local government is a matter of absolute right; and the state
cannot take it away. It would be the boldest mockery . . . to call that system
one of constitutional freedom under which it should be equally admissible to
allow the people full control in their local affairs, or no control at all.

Id. at 108 (Cooley, J., concurring). The Indiana Supreme Court later came to a
similar conclusion, stating:

It is, perhaps, true that the General Assembly may, at will, pass laws
regulating the government of towns and cities, taking from them powers which had
previously been granted, or adding to that which had previously been given, but
we do not think that it can take away from the people of a town or city rights
which they possessed as citizens of the State before their incorporation. . . .
The construction of sewers in a city, the supply of gas, water, fire protection,
and many other matters that might be mentioned, are matters in which the local
community alone are concerned, and in which the State has no special interest,
more than it has in the health and prosperity of the people generally, and they
are matters over which the people affected thereby have the exclusive control,
and it cannot, in our opinion, be taken away from them by the Legislature.

State ex. rel. Jameson v. Denny, 21 N.E. 252, 257 (Ind. 1889). The Iowa Supreme
Court also seemed to agree with this broad proposition:

But from time immemorial every municipal government, properly so called, and
acting within its peculiar sphere, has acted through its common council,
composed either of the burgesses or their representatives, subject in some cases
to checks and vetoes, but not subject to legislation or final action in defiance
of their own decisions. Their supremacy cannot be given up by themselves any
more than it can be taken from them. No doubt the state can limit their powers,
but it cannot transfer them. The appointment and incorporation of boards as mere
agencies is competent, and may be very convenient. But making them anything but
agencies is a direct invasion of representative government, and would bring into
existence a class of cities unknown to our constitutions, and very different
from the municipal corporations recognized by our constitution as the authorized
recipients of local legislative power.

State ex. rel. Howe v. City of Des Moines, 72 N.W. 639, 643 (Iowa 1897).




n16  See Comm'rs of Laramie County v. Comm'rs of Albany County, 92 U.S. 307
(1875). The Court reasoned that:

Such corporations are composed of all the inhabitants of the Territory included
in the political organization; and the attribute of individuality is conferred
on the entire mass of such residents, and it may be modified or taken away at
the mere will of the legislature, according to its own views of public
convenience, and without any necessity for the consent of those composing the
body politic.

Id. at 310.




n17  196 U.S. 539 (1905).




n18  Id. at 542, 552-53.




n19  Id. at 548-49. See also Bower, supra note 10, at 320-23 (discussing the
grant approach to municipal authority).




n20  See, e.g., Inhabitants of Gorham v. Inhabitants of Springfield, 21 Me. 58,
61 (1842) ("[Public corporations] exist[] at the pleasure of the State, and not
at their own pleasure.").




n21  Bower, supra note 10, at 333. Section 6 of the statute stated:

Be it further enacted, That the citizens of any town, qualified as aforesaid, at
the annual meeting for the choice of town officers, or at any other town
meeting, regularly warned, may grant and vote such sum or sums of money as they
shall judge necessary for the settlement, maintenance and support of the
ministry, schools, the poor, and other necessary charges, arising within the
same town, to be assessed upon the polls . . . and . . . empowered to make and
agree upon such necessary rules, orders and by-laws, for the directing, managing
and ordering the prudential affairs of such town, as they shall judge most
conducive to the peace, welfare and good order thereof; and to annex penalties
for the observance of the same not exceeding five dollars for one offence, to
enure to such uses as they shall therein direct: Provided, They be not repugnant
to the general laws of this State: And provided also, Such orders and bylaws
shall have the approbation of the Court of Sessions of the same county.

Act of March 19, 1821, ch. 114, § 6, 1821 Me. Laws 459, 463.




n22  See Hooper v. Emery, 14 Me. 375 (1837). In Hooper, the Law Court stated
that:

"The inhabitants of every town in this State are declared to be a body politic
and corporate" by the statute; but these corporations derive none of their
powers from, nor are any duties imposed upon them by, the common law. They have
been denominated quasi corporations, and their whole capacities, powers, and
duties are derived from legislative enactments.

Id. at 377.




n23  See Phillips Village Corp. v. Phillips Water Co., 71 A. 474, 475 (Me. 1908)
("Being a creature of statute, it had only such powers as were conferred by
statute expressly or by necessary implication."). The Law Court has also
declared that:

The [city] is but a creature of the state, engaged in exercising some of the
functions of government in a limited locality, not for any private purposes, but
solely for the public good. . . . A municipal corporation is nothing more than
an instrumentality of the state for the purpose of local government, exercising
delegated powers, which the state itself can exercise and may withdraw at
pleasure.

Chase v. Inhabitants of Town of Litchfield, 182 A. 921, 925 (Me. 1936) (quoting
Hughes v. City of Auburn, 55 N.E. 389, 391 (N.Y. 1899).




n24  3 Me. 191 (1824).




n25  Id.




n26  See supra note 21 and accompanying text.




n27  Bussey v. Gilmore, 3 Me. at 195-96 (citing Act of Mar. 23, 1786, ch. 75,
1784-1785 Mass. Acts 605). The Massachusetts statute had been, in the words of
the court, "re-enacted in our revised statutes." Id. at 195. The court refers to
the Massachusetts version of the statute because the contract with the Bangor
Bridge Company had been entered into prior to the separation of Maine from the
rest of Massachusetts. Id.




n28  Id. at 196.




n29  Id.




n30  Id. The court stated:

Without enumerating the objects which this term, other necessary charges, may be
understood to embrace, it may in general be considered as extending to such
expenses as are clearly incident to the execution of the power granted, or which
necessarily arise in the fulfillment of the duties imposed by law. It is not
pretended that the contract made with the bridge-company, was necessary to the
discharge of any corporate duty. Towns are not required, nor have they the
power, to provide for the erection of bridges over tide or navigable waters. The
powers granted to towns are specified and defined by statute; and we have
discovered no one to which a charge of this sort can be considered as incident.

Id. (emphasis in original).




n31  Bower, supra note 10, at 336-37.




n32  155 Me. 151, 153 A.2d 80 (1959).




n33  Id. at 81-82.




n34  Id.




n35  Id. at 88. Although the court noted the potential constitutional issue,
they did not address that issue because they were able to decide the case on
other grounds. Id.




n36  Id. at 111 (Sullivan & Dubord, JJ., dissenting). The dissenting justices
stated:

"[Police] power is not something which is rigid and definitely fixed; on the
contrary, in its very nature it must be considerably elastic within limits in
order to meet the changing and shifting conditions which from time to time arise
through the increase and shift of population and the flux and complexity of
commercial and social relations."

Id. (quoting 6 MCQUILLIN: MUNICIPAL CORPORATIONS § 24.03 (3rd ed.)).




n37  Id. The justices stated:

The ordinance responds to a purely modern exigency, traffic disasters in
alarming arithmetic progression. . . . Our age differs from those immediately
preceding it because of our acceptance of social concepts as contrasted with the
individualistic attitudes of other times. Rapid developments in social,
political and economic life produce an always increasing complexity of society
and broaden the social service field. School children have welfare needs not
known before.

Id.




n38  See MAINE INTERGOVERNMENTAL RELATIONS COMMISSION, REPORT ON HOME RULE
(1968).




n39  Id. at 2. Although the Commission spoke of home rule as a new system, the
term itself had, at times, been used to refer to the Legislature's grant of
authority to municipalities. See, e.g., Lemaire v. Crockett, 101 A. 302 (Me.
1917).




n40  Id. at 1.




n41  Id.




n42  Id. The Commission reported: "Through charter amendments and alterations,
municipalities may readily merge service functions and provide more efficient
and complete services to the community. The broader functions will also permit
the municipality to exercise the necessary alternatives that it may encounter as
circumstances change." Id.




n43  Id. ("Indirectly, Municipal Home Rule will relieve the state of a
cumbersome . . . obligation of altering the local charters to meet the local
need (such can only be done on a biannual basis). The state incurs considerable
expense when such matters are considered during the legislative session.").
During legislative debate on the home rule amendment, it became clear that
concern over the necessity and expense of state action to alter municipal
charters was paramount:

It makes no sense to me that the Legislature should determine what charter
changes should be made by the cities and towns of our state. . . . I believe we
have at least 70 or 77 charter changes in this Legislature [thus far] which
takes a lot of time, a lot of energy, and a lot of cost.

Bower, supra note 10, at 337 n.144 (quoting 2 ME. LEGIS. REC. 3257 (1969)
(statement of Rep. Sahagian)); Representative Lund expressed the following
feelings:

There are many many issues of statewide importance . . . which we fail to deal
with effectively as we would like to because we do not have the time to do so. .
. . Home rule is one logical and effective way of cutting down on the number of
local issues that divert a good deal of the attention and time of the
Legislature. . . .

Id. (quoting 2 ME. LEGIS. REC. 3257-58 (1969) (statement of Rep. Lund)).




n44  ME. CONST. art. VIII, pt. 2, § 1. The section provides in full:

Power of municipalities to amend their charters. The inhabitants of any
municipality shall have the power to alter and amend their charters on all
matters, not prohibited by Constitution or general law, which are local and
municipal in character. The Legislature shall prescribe the procedure by which
the municipality may so act.

Id.




n45  Id.




n46  ME. REV. STAT. ANN. tit. 30-A, §§ 1-7503 (West 1996 & Supp. 2003).




n47  Id. § 2101.




n48  Id. §§ 2102-2105.




n49  Id. § 2109.




n50  Id. §§ 3001-3012.




n51  Id. § 3001.




n52  Id. §§ 3001(1)-(3).




n53  See MAINE INTERGOVERNMENTAL RELATIONS COMMISSION, REPORT ON HOME RULE 4
(1968) (stating that "Home Rule should accomplish the independence within the
municipality as was required and requested by this country from England in the
years 1775-1783" and that "towns and cities will be given the opportunity to
operate within their domain in a sphere of independence such as was won during
the Revolutionary War.").




n54  Municipal autonomy, to whatever degree it was intended, did not change the
underlying fact that municipalities are corporate entities established by the
state and subject to its authority. See ME. CONST. art. VIII, pt. 2, § 1; see
also Schwanda v. Bonney, 418 A.2d 163, 165 (Me. 1980) ("Municipal corporations,
as public bodies, may exercise only such powers as the Legislature has conferred
upon them by law or which may have been granted to them directly by the
Constitution.").




n55  See tit. 30-A, § 3001; supra text accompanying note 51.




n56  See tit. 30-A, §§ 3001(1)-(3) (West 1996 & Supp. 2003); supra text
accompanying note 52.




n57  For additional discussion of the Law Court's interpretation of home rule,
see Bower, supra note 10, at 344-63.




n58  See, e.g., Town of Windham v. LaPointe, 308 A.2d 286 (Me. 1973).




n59  287 A.2d 126 (Me. 1972).




n60  Id. at 127.




n61  Id. at 128.




n62  Id. at 128-30. Furthermore, the court stated:

"It is an accepted rule that when a municipal corporation is empowered by
express grant to make by-laws or ordinances in certain cases and for certain
purposes, its power of legislation is limited to the cases and objects
specified. . . . And it is held that if a bylaw or ordinance as drawn is outside
the scope of the grant and exceeds the powers to legislate conferred upon the
municipality, it is invalid."

Id. at 129 (quoting State v. Brown, 135 Me. 36, 38-39, 188 A. 713, 714-15 (1936)
(omission in original)).




n63  Id. at 129.




n64  308 A.2d 286 (Me. 1973).




n65  See id. at 290.




n66  Id. The court stated:

A municipality in this State has no inherent police power. It may exercise only
such powers as are expressly conferred upon it by the Legislature or as are
necessarily implied from those expressly so conferred. . . . "A municipal
corporation has no element of sovereignty. It is a mere local agency of the
state, having no other powers than such as are clearly and unmistakably granted
by the law-making power."

Id. (citations omitted) (quoting Inhabitants of Town of Frankfort v. Waldo
Lumber Co., 128 Me. 1, 4, 145 A. 241, 242 (1929)).




n67  Id. ("The plaintiff Town claims the power to regulate house trailers
through a police power ordinance, as distinguished from a zoning ordinance, from
the general grant of power contained in 30 M.R.S.A. s. 2151(4)(A).").




n68  403 A.2d 779 (Me. 1979).




n69  Id. at 782.




n70  Id. at 781-82.




n71  Id.




n72  Id. at 781.




n73  418 A.2d 163 (Me. 1980).




n74  See id.; see also ME. REV. STAT. ANN. tit. 30-A, §§ 3001(1)-(3) (West 1996
& Supp. 2003); supra text accompanying note 52.




n75  418 A.2d at 164-65.




n76  Id. at 164.




n77  Id. at 167.




n78  Id. (quoting ME. CONST. art. VIII, pt. 2, § 1).




n79  ME. REV. STAT. ANN. tit. 30, § 1917 (West 1978) (current version at ME.
REV. STAT. ANN. tit. 30-A, § 3001 (West 1996 & Supp. 2003)) ("Any municipality .
. . may exercise any power or function which the Legislature has power to confer
upon it, which is not denied either expressly or by clear implication.").




n80  Schwanda v. Bonney, 418 A.2d at 167.




n81  Id. at 165.




n82  See ME. REV. STAT. ANN. tit. 30-A, § 3001 (West 1996).




n83  MAINE INTERGOVERNMENTAL RELATIONS COMMISSION, REPORT ON HOME RULE 2 (1968).
It is worth noting in this regard that although the court was beginning to
embrace home rule, as demonstrated by Clardy and Schwanda, reliance upon the
grant approach had not been entirely eradicated. See, e.g., Spain v. City of
Brewer, 474 A.2d 496 (Me. 1984). In Spain, the court held that Brewer could not
deny an application for an automobile graveyard' because it violated local
zoning ordinances or for environmental concerns. Id. at 499-500. The court
stated "municipal corporations . . . may exercise only such powers as have been
granted to them directly by our state constitution or which the Legislature has
conferred upon them by statute." Id. at 498.




n84  459 A.2d 153 (Me. 1983).




n85  Id. at 155. The ordinance stated in relevant part:

An establishment which serves liquor along with its meals contributes more
heavily to parking problems due to the length of time its patrons spend in said
establishment. Furthermore, the close proximity of liquor serving establishments
in Boothbay Harbor has caused unnecessary noise and public disturbances as
patrons travel from one such establishment to the next. In addition, the
residents of Boothbay Harbor are opposed to any more liquor serving
establishments in downtown Boothbay Harbor, out of concern for their own safety
and personal well-being as well as that of their children. Consequently, no
further Class H licenses shall be granted in Boothbay Harbor beyond the ones
which exist at the adoption date of this Ordinance, unless the establishment
requesting said license is at least 1200 feet distant from any other Class H
licensee.

Id. at 155 n.1 (quoting section 8.3 of Boothbay Harbor's victualer's ordinance).




n86  Id. at 159.




n87  Id.




n88  Id. at 158.




n89  Id.




n90  P.L. 1987, ch. 737, pt. A, § 2.




n91  571 A.2d 1189 (Me. 1990).




n92  Id. at 1190-91.




n93  Id. at 1194.




n94  Id. at 1194-95. The court looked to the purpose in response to the home
rule enabling statute's standard for preemption. Id. at 1193-94; see also ME.
REV. STAT. ANN. tit. 30-A, § 3001(3) (West 1996).




n95  Cent. Maine Power Co. v. Town of Lebanon, 571 A.2d at 1195.




n96  626 A.2d 935 (Me. 1993).




n97  Id. at 938-39.




n98  Id. at 937-38.




n99  Id. at 938-42.




n100  Id. at 938 (citations omitted).




n101  Id.




n102  Id. at 938 n.8 (alteration in original) (quoting Report of the Joint
Standing Committee on Local and County Government on the Revision of Title 30,
at 11 (Dec. 1986)).




n103  Id. at 941. Title 20-A, section 2 provides:

The state policy on public education is as follows.

1. State responsibility for public education. In accordance with the
Constitution of Maine, Article VIII, the Legislature shall enact the laws that
are necessary to assure that all school administrative units make suitable
provisions for the support and maintenance of the public schools. It is the
intent of the Legislature that every person within the age limitations
prescribed by state statutes shall be provided an opportunity to receive the
benefits of a free public education.

2. Local control of public education. It is the intent of the Legislature that
the control and management of the public schools shall be vested in the
legislative and governing bodies of local school administrative units, as long
as those units are in compliance with appropriate state statutes.

ME. REV. STAT. ANN. tit. 20-A, § 2 (West 2003) (emphasis omitted).




n104  School Comm. of York v. Town of York, 626 A.2d at 941 (quoting Report of
the Joint Standing Committee on Local and County Government on the Revision of
Title 30, at 8 (Dec. 1986)).




n105  537 A.2d 1149 (Me. 1988).




n106  2000 ME 179, 760 A.2d 257.




n107  Midcoast Disposal, Inc. v. Town of Union, 537 A.2d at 1151. The Town of
Union had enacted an ordinance that prohibited a private company from accepting
for disposal any waste that "originates, or is collected, or is in any way
gathered or assembled from outside the Town of Union." Id. at 1150 (internal
citation omitted).




n108  Id. at 1151 (quoting Tisei v. Town of Ogunquit, 491 A.2d 564, 570 (Me.
1985)).




n109  Id. (quoting ME. REV. STAT. ANN. tit. 38, § 1302 (West Supp. 1986)).




n110  Sawyer Envtl. Recovery Facilities, Inc. v. Town of Hampden, 2000 ME 179,
PP 33-34, 760 A.2d at 265-66.




n111  Id. P 8, 760 A.2d at 259.




n112  Id.; see also ME. REV. STAT. ANN. tit. 38, § 1310-S(3) (West 2001). The
sections states:

Automatic municipal intervenor status. The municipal officers, or their
designees, from the municipality in which the facility would be located have
intervenor status if they request it within 60 days of notification under
subsection 1. The intervenor status granted under this subsection applies in any
proceeding for a license under this article. Immediately upon the commissioner's
receipt of such a request, the intervenors have all rights and responsibilities
commensurate with this status.

Id.




n113  Sawyer Envtl. Recovery Facilities, Inc. v. Town of Hampden, 2000 ME 179, P
32, 760 A.2d at 265 ("It would make little sense for the Legislature to craft
this process for expansion approval and include express provision for
significant local participation, then after approval, allow the municipality to
negate the proceedings and prohibit the expansion."). The court's determination
was not simply based upon common sense, but the statutory standard of preemption
contained in the Home Rule enabling legislation. Id. ("Such an after the fact
and absolute prohibition of the expansion prevents the efficient accomplishment'
of the defined state purpose' of proper management of expansion of solid waste
disposal facilities."); see supra note 52 and accompanying text (providing the
standard of preemption); see also infra note 119 and accompanying text
(discussing the purpose of the Solid Waste Management Act).




n114  Sawyer Envtl. Recovery Facilities, Inc. v. Town of Hampden, 2000 ME 179, P
31, 760 A.2d at 265; see also tit. 38, § 1310-U. The section states in relevant
part:

Municipalities are prohibited from enacting stricter standards than those
contained in this chapter and in the solid waste management rules adopted
pursuant to this chapter governing the hydrogeological criteria for siting or
designing solid waste disposal facilities or governing the engineering criteria
related to waste handling and disposal areas of a solid waste disposal facility.
. . . Under the municipal home rule authority granted by the Constitution of
Maine, Article VIII, Part Second and Title 30-A, section 3001, municipalities,
except as provided in this section, may enact ordinances with respect to solid
waste facilities that contain standards the municipality finds reasonable,
including, without limitation, conformance with federal and state solid waste
rules; fire safety; traffic safety; levels of noise heard outside the facility;
distance from existing residential, commercial or institutional uses; ground
water protection; surface water protection; erosion and sedimentation control;
and compatibility of the solid waste facility with local zoning and land use
controls, provided that the standards are not more strict than those contained
in this chapter and in chapter 3, subchapter I, articles 5-A and 6 and the rules
adopted under these articles. Municipal ordinances must use definitions
consistent with those adopted by the board.

Id. (emphasis added).




n115  Sawyer Envtl. Recovery Facilities, Inc. v. Town of Hampden, Inc., 2000 ME
179, P31, 760 A.2d at 265.




n116  Solid Waste Management Act, Pub. L. No. 1973, c. 387 (codified as amended
at tit. 38, §§ 1301 to 1319-Y).




n117  Clean Water Act, Pub. L. No. 92-500, 86 Stat. 816 (1972) (codified as
amended at 33 U.S.C.A. §§ 1251-1376 (West 2001 & Supp. 2004)).




n118  33 U.S.C.A. § 1251(a) (West 2001).




n119  Title 38, § 1302. The section provides in part:

For the purposes of this chapter . . . the Legislature finds and declares it to
be the policy of the State, consistent with its duty to protect the health,
safety and welfare of its citizens, enhance and maintain the quality of the
environment, conserve natural resources and prevent air, water and land
pollution, to establish a coordinated statewide waste reduction, recycling and
management program.

   The Legislature finds and declares that it is the policy of the State to
pursue and implement an integrated approach to hazardous and solid waste
management, which shall be based on the following priorities: reduction of waste
generated at the source, including both the amount and toxicity of waste; waste
reuse; waste recycling; waste composting; waste processing which reduces the
volume of waste needing disposal, including waste-to-energy technology; and land
disposal.

Id.




n120  Id. Section 1302 provides, in part:

The Legislature further finds that needed municipal waste recycling and disposal
facilities have not been developed in a timely and environmentally sound manner
because of diffused responsibility for municipal waste planning, processing and
disposal among numerous and overlapping units of local government. The
Legislature also finds that direct state action is needed to assist
municipalities in separating, collecting, recycling and disposing of solid waste
, and that sound environmental policy and economics of scale dictate a
preference for public solid waste management planning and implementation on a
regional and state level.




n121  Id.




n122  See id. § 1305.




n123  Id. §§ 1305(1), 1305(6). Section 1305(1) states: "Disposal services. Each
municipality shall provide solid waste disposal services for domestic and
commercial solid waste generated within the municipality. . . ." Id. § 1305(1).
Section 1305(6) states in part: "Municipal septage sites. Each municipality
shall provide for the disposal of all refuse, effluent, sludge and any other
materials from all septic tanks and cesspools located within the municipality."
Id. § 1305(6).




n124  Id. § 1305(6). The section provides in relevant part:

In addition, any person may provide a site for disposal of septage. In addition
to making application to the Department of Environmental Protection for approval
of any site, that person shall have written approval for the site location from
the municipality in which it is located. . . . A municipality may determine
whether approval of the site must be obtained first from the department or the
municipality. The municipal officers shall approve, after hearing, any such
private site if they find that the site complies with municipal ordinances and
with local zoning and land use controls.

Id.




n125  Id.




n126  Id.




n127  Id.




n128  Id. § 1303-C(29). Section 1303-C(29) defines "solid waste" as "useless,
unwanted or discarded solid material with insufficient liquid content to be
free-flowing, including, but not limited to, rubbish, garbage, refuse-derived
fuel, scrap materials, junk, refuse, inert fill material and landscape refuse,
but does not include hazardous waste, biomedical waste, septage or agricultural
wastes." Id.




n129  Septage is defined as: "Waste, refuse, effluent, sludge and any other
materials from septic tanks, cesspools or any other similar facilities." Id. §
1303-C(27).




n130  See id. §§ 1310-N to 1310-AA.




n131  Id. § 1310-S; see also supra note 112 and accompanying text.




n132  Title 38, § 1310-U; see also supra note 114 and accompanying text.




n133  See id., § 1310-U.




n134  Smith v. Town of Pittston, 2003 ME 46, PP 5, 13, 820 A.2d 1200, 1202-03.




n135  Smith v. Town of Pittston, No. Civ. A. CV-99-279, 2002 WL 273634, at *2
(Me. Super.). Although Smith's complaint consisted of twelve counts, it is Count
IX, addressing the legality of Pittston's ordinance that was at the center of
the courts' analyses and is the focal point of this article. See id. at * 1; see
also Smith v. Town of Pittston, 2003 ME 46, PP 13-16, 22, 820 A.2d at 1203,
1205. "At the center of this dispute lies section 1305(6) [of the Solid Waste
Management Act], detailing municipal powers and duties in regulating and
providing for the disposal of septage." Id. P 22, 820 A.2d at 1205.




n136  Smith v. Town of Pittson, 2002 WL 273634, at *3 ("Clearly, the Town of
Pittston has frustrated the purpose' of state regulation in this area by
prohibiting all forms of septage spreading within its confines. . . .
Accordingly, this court finds that the Town of Pittston has exceeded its home
rule authority by passing an ordinance prohibiting the spreading . . . of
septage.").




n137  Smith v. Town of Pittson, 2003 ME 46, P 38, 820 A.2d at 1210.




n138  Id. P 39, 820 A.2d at 1210.




n139  Id. P 2, 820 A.2d at 1201.




n140  Id. P 2, 820 A.2d at 1201-02.




n141  Id. P 4, 820 A.2d at 1202.




n142  Id.




n143  Id. PP 5, 7, 820 A.2d at 1202.




n144  Id. P 7, 820 A.2d at 1202.




n145  Id. P 8, 820 A.2d at 1202.




n146  Id. P 10, 820 A.2d at 1203. The second ordinance had been adopted on March
18, 2000 and along with the first version was removed and replaced by the third
and final version adopted on October 19. Id. PP 9-10, 820 A.2d at 1202-03.




n147  Id. P 11, 820 A.2d at 1203.




n148  Id. PP 12-13, 820 A.2d at 1203.




n149  Id. P 20, 820 A.2d at 1204.




n150  Id. (quoting ME. REV. STAT. ANN. tit. 38, § 1302 (West 2001)). See also
supra note 119 and the accompanying text relating to the discussion of section
1302.




n151  Smith v. Town of Pittson, 2003 ME 46, P 21, 820 A.2d at 1204-05. See supra
notes 128-29 and accompanying text for the language of the relevant definitions
and the related discussion.




n152  Smith v. Town of Pittson, 2003 ME 46, P 22, 820 A.2d at 1205-06.




n153  ME. REV. STAT. ANN. tit. 38, § 1305(6) (West 2001); see also supra notes
123-24 and accompanying text.




n154  Title 38, § 1305(6).




n155  Id. § 1310-U; see also supra note 114 and accompanying text.




n156  Smith v. Town of Pittson, 2003 ME 46, P 24, 820 A.2d at 1206.




n157  Id. (quoting Sch. Comm. of York v. Town of York, 626 A.2d 935, 939 (Me.
1993)); see also ME. REV. STAT. ANN. tit. 30-A, § 3001 (West 1996); supra text
accompanying note 52.




n158  Smith v. Town of Pittson, 2003 ME 46, P 24, 820 A.2d at 1206 (quoting Sch.
Comm. of York v. Town of York, 626 A.2d 935, 938 n.8 (Me. 1993)).




n159  Id. P 29-30, 820 A.2d at 1207-08.




n160  Id. P 29, 820 A.2d at 1207.




n161  Id. P 29, 820 A.2d at 1208.




n162  Id. P 29, 820 A.2d at 1207-08.




n163  Id. P 31, 820 A.2d at 1208.




n164  Id.




n165  Id. P 39, 820 A.2d at 1210 (Dana, J., dissenting).




n166  Id. P 41, 820 A.2d at 1211 (Dana, J., dissenting) ("To be charitable, the
Court's suggestion that Smith could build a private wastewater treatment
facility is, at least, impractical.").




n167  Id. PP 41-42, 820 A.2d at 1211-12 (Dana, J., dissenting).




n168  Id. P 43, 820 A.2d at 1212 (Dana, J., dissenting). Justice Dana stated
that:

The Legislature spoke clearly when it declared the policy behind the waste
management statute. Recognizing that "environmentally suitable sites for waste
disposal are in limited supply and represent a critical natural resource" and
that "municipal waste recycling and disposal facilities have not been developed
in a timely and environmentally sound manner because of diffused responsibility
for municipal waste planning, processing and disposal among numerous and
overlapping units of local government," the Legislature provided that "any
person may provide a site for disposal of septage." . . . Pittston has thwarted
the Legislature's intent to foster the creation of adequate, affordable,
environmentally suitable, private septage disposal sites. Its ordinance is,
therefore, ultra vires.

Id. (internal citations omitted).




n169  The same can be said for Justice Marden of the Superior Court.




n170  See Schwanda v. Bonney, 418 A.2d 163, 165-66 (Me. 1980) ("Legislative
intendment always controls; this is a fundamental precept of statutory
construction."); see also Chase v. Town of Litchfield, 134 Me. 122, 128, 182 A.
921, 924 (1936) ("The intention of the lawmaker is the law.") (citation
omitted).




n171  Schwanda v. Bonney, 418 A.2d at 166 ("Courts should implement not only the
intent but also the policy of the Legislature behind the legislation.").




n172  Id. ("The legislative history of a particular statute, as well as
legislative activity concerning such or related legislation, is a helpful guide
in ascertaining the intent of the Legislature."). The court has demonstrated a
willingness to take its own advice and use legislative history in construing the
intent of a statute. See, e.g., Sch. Comm. of York v. Town of York, 626 A.2d
935, 938 n.8 (Me. 1993) (after stating the Legislature's intent, the court
supported its conclusion by quoting a portion of the relevant Committee Report
relating to the amending of the home rule scheme).




n173  See Hallissey v. Sch. Admin. Dist. Number 77, 2003 ME 143, P 14, 755 A.2d
1068, 1073 ("When construing a statute, we look to the plain meaning of the
language to give effect to the legislative intent.'") (quoting Fairchild
Semiconductor Corp. v. State Tax Assessor, 1999 ME 170, P 7, 740 A.2d 584, 587).




n174  See Cent. Me. Power Co. v. Town of Lebanon, 571 A.2d 1189, 1194 (Me.
1990).




n175  Id. ('"Whenever possible, courts will construe a legislative scheme so as
to render no portion of it useless or unnecessary.'") (alteration in original)
(quoting Ullis v. Town of Boothbay Harbor, 459 A.2d 153, 159 (Me. 1983)).




n176  ME. REV. STAT. ANN. tit. 38, § 1302 (West 2001).




n177  Id.




n178  Id.




n179  Id. §§ 1305(1), 1305(6).




n180  Id. § 1302.




n181  ME. REV. STAT. ANN. tit. 30-A, § 3001(1) (West 1996 & Supp. 2003).




n182  Id.




n183  Id. § 3001.




n184  Id. § 3001(3).




n185  See Schwanda v. Bonney, 418 A.2d 163, 167 (Me. 1980).




n186  See Spain v. City of Brewer, 474 A.2d 496, 500 (Me. 1984) (noting that "an
analysis of this entire statutory scheme reveals a clear legislative intent to
limit the inquiry in automobile graveyard and junkyard permitting proceedings to
evidence concerning the location of the facility with reference to a highway and
compliance with screening regulations.")




n187  See Ullis v. Inhabitants of Boothbay Harbor, 459 A.2d 153, 155 (Me. 1983).




n188  Id. at 159.




n189  See Cent. Maine Power Co. v. Town of Lebanon, 571 A.2d 1189 (Me. 1990).
"By requiring a more stringent review process for certain types of pesticide use
than that found in the two Maine pesticide acts, the Lebanon ordinance shares
and advances these same purposes." Id. at 1195.




n190  See supra note 52 and accompanying text.




n191  MAINE INTERGOVERNMENTAL RELATIONS COMMISSION, REPORT ON HOME RULE 1
(1968).




n192  See supra note 52 and accompanying text.




n193  ME. REV. STAT. ANN. tit. 38, § 1305(6) (West 2001).




n194  Although the term "may" utilized in a statutory context is generally
considered to be permissive, it has been interpreted as mandatory when imposing
a public duty. Schwanda v. Bonney, 418 A.2d 163, 167 (Me. 1980). However,
interpreting section 1305(6) to place a duty upon private persons to provide for
septage disposal is untenable. See tit. 38, § 1305(6).




n195  Title 38, § 1305(6) ("In addition to making application to the Department
of Environmental Protection for approval of any site, that person shall have
written approval for the site location from the municipality in which it is
located . . . .").




n196  Id. (emphasis added).




n197  Id. § 1310-S(3).




n198  For a discussion of the scope of authority commensurate with intervenor
status, see Butler v. D/Wave Seafood, 2002 ME 41, P 13, 791 A.2d 928, 931
(quoting Local Number 93 v. City of Cleveland, 478 U.S. 501, 528-29 (1986)).




n199  Title 38, § 1310-U.




n200  See tit. 38, §§ 1310-N-1310-AA.




n201  See supra note 128 and accompanying text.




n202  P.L. 2001, c. 247, § 1.




n203  Title 38, § 1305(6).




n204  See id. § 1302; see also supra note 119 and accompanying text.




n205  Smith v. Town of Pittston, 2003 ME 46, P 29, 820 A.2d 1200, 1208 ("The
record reflects that the Town of Pittston has provided for the disposal of
septage by virtue of its contract with Interstate Septic Systems and that DEP
has certified that the Town's contract satisfies the requirements of section
1305(6).").




n206  Title 38, § 1305(6).




n207  See id.




n208  The majority in Smith stated that "if the Town's ordinance prohibited all
methods of septage disposal, Smith would have a stronger argument that the
purposes of section 1305(6) are frustrated." Smith v. Town of Pittson, 2003 ME
46, P 31, 820 A.2d at 1208. However, the statutory interpretation, as previously
discussed, and more importantly the policy behind the home rule legislation,
warrant a broader reading of municipal authority.




n209  See supra notes 38-56 and accompanying text.




n210  See supra text accompanying note 52.




n211  MAINE INTERGOVERNMENTAL RELATIONS COMMISSION, REPORT ON HOME RULE 1
(1968).




n212  One could imagine any number of scenarios, particularly in rural
communities, such as spreading septage on property adjacent to a school, which
would illicit genuine and warranted concern from local officials. If municipal
home rule were preempted, the hands of local officials would be effectively tied
and they would have no means to address the concerns of their constituents.




n213  Bower, supra note 10, at 364.




n214  Ellen Z. Harrison & Malaika M. Eaton, The Role of Municipalities in
Regulating the Land Application of Sewage Sludges and Septage, 41 NAT. RESOURCES
J. 77, 80-81 (2001) (internal quotations omitted).




n215  See, e.g., ME. REV. STAT. ANN. tit. 25, § 2011(1) (West Supp. 2003).
Section 2011(1) provides that "the State intends to occupy and preempt the
entire field of legislation concerning the regulation of firearms, components,
ammunition and supplies. Except as provided in subsection 3, any existing or
future order, ordinance, rule or regulation in this field of any political
subdivision of the State is void." Id.




n216  See Christy Noel, Preemption Hogwash: North Carolina's Judicial Repeal of
Local Authority to Regulate Hog Farms in Craig v. County of Chatham, 80 N.C. L.
REV. 2121 (2002). Noel notes that:

The North Carolina Supreme Court's preemption ruling in Craig v. County of
Chatham contributes to already clouded precedent defining state and local
authority. The General Assembly should act decisively in its next session to
clarify the law regarding the scope of local government authority concerning
North Carolina's economic and environmental animal waste crises. Hereinafter,
state courts should apply preemption principles carefully and consistently,
toward the goals of avoiding confusion and promoting sound public policy.

Id. at 2130; see also George D. Vaubel, Toward Principles of State Restraint
Upon the Exercise of Municipal Power in Home Rule, 22 STETSON L. REV. 643
(1993). Vaubel states that:

The most serious difficulty courts face [in cases of implied preemption] is that
the search for legislative intent is nebulous at best. More often than not, a
legislature in enacting a law has no intent at all with respect to superseding
municipal regulations. Rather, legislatures usually act to solve affirmatively a
particular problem and not to change municipal law. Thus, although rarely
admitted by the courts, determining preemption is often an exercise of judicial
judgment in the absence of a legislative one. With legislative correction of any
judicial misstep likely to be slow and cumbersome, the ultimate effect of a
preemption decision is to assert judicial control -- in effect, expanded
judicial home rule. Unfortunately, a search for legislative intent impedes
clarity as well. It produces unpredictable results because of the difficulty
courts face in applying a clear set of guidelines for determining supposed
legislative intent.

   In light of these circumstances, it is not surprising that observers have
singled out implied preemption for vehement criticism. They have . . . described
it as a threat to home rule. . . . Critics further contend either that implied
preemption is an unworkable rule that courts should abandon or that it should be
applied cautiously. They should act only if the basis for finding preemption is
clear, i.e., they should resolve doubts as to legislative intent in favor of
municipal power.

Id. at 684-86 (internal citations omitted).




n217  See supra notes 170-75 and accompanying text.




n218  See, e.g., Smith v. Town of Pittston, 2003 ME 46, 820 A.2d 1200.




n219  Stare decisis is defined as the doctrine of: "abiding by, or adhering to,
decided cases." BLACK'S LAW DICTIONARY 1406 (6th ed. 1990). It is true that the
Intergovernmental Relations Commission anticipated, and in fact encouraged,
judicial involvement, but that seems to have been in the context of municipal
charter amendments. See MAINE INTERGOVERNMENTAL RELATIONS COMMISSION, REPORT ON
HOME RULE 2 (1968). Unlike judicial interpretation of appropriate home rule
procedure relating to charter amendments, the judicial interpretation of implied
preemption will not work to create stability because the court is required to
make its best guess relating to the Legislature's intent and will be unable to
establish bright line rules that will serve as effective notice to local
governing authorities and citizens. See id. The sharply divided court in Smith
demonstrates the potential problems.




n220  See, e.g., supra notes 118-19 and accompanying text.




n221  See supra text accompanying notes 52 and 121.


                              506 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     The Community Common, Portsmouth, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 10, 2012 Saturday

Court Receives Grant To Aid Litter Program

BYLINE: Wayne Allen, The Community Common, Portsmouth, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 256 words


March 10--Portsmouth Municipal Court has received a grant from the Community
Correction Act Program that will enable the court to hire someone to oversee
their Community Service Program.

"We have a grant through the Ohio Community Corrections Act (CCA). They fund a
CCA program directors salary to run a community service program through our
court. They give us one time funding grants, we just received $4,500 for added
supervisory salaries," said Mark Malone of Portsmouth Municipal Court.

He said with the recent interest in litter control the program was running into
man power issues.

"With the one-time funding we are going to pay someone to supervise our
community service workers. We are also going to start doing community service on
Saturdays, which we have not been doing as of late," Malone said.

Malone said Kyle McCain; an employee of the court will take on these
responsibilities.

Earlier in the year Portsmouth Municipal Court Judges Steven Mowery and Russell
Kegley to clean up Scioto County teamed up with the Lawrence-Scioto Solid Waste
Management District to clean up Scioto County.

During the month of February 34.06 tons of litter was collected from county
roadways. There were 250 tires and between 25-30 shopping carts that were
stores.

For more information about the Lawrence-Scioto Solid Waste Management District,
call 888-565-7888 or visit www.lsswmd.org.

___ (c)2012 The Community Common (Portsmouth, Ohio) Visit The Community Common
(Portsmouth, Ohio) at www.communitycommon.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120310-1CC-Court-Receives-Grant-To-Aid-Litter-Program-20120310

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CC


                                 Copyright 2012


                              507 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            July 15, 1999, Thursday

County offers free disposal of used tires

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; BRIEFLY; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 92 words

DATELINE: LECANTO



The Citrus County Division of Solid Waste Management offers residents free
disposal of used tires on designated days. This program has continued for 10
years with help from a Florida Department of Environmental Protection grant.
Used tires are recycled and used as a fuel supplement in an electrical power
generating plant.

Up to five passenger car and small truck tires will be accepted for free
disposal on the following days: Aug. 11; Sept. 7-11; Oct. 13; Nov. 10 and Dec.
6-11. Call the Division of Solid Waste Management at 746-5000.


LOAD-DATE: July 15, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              508 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                  The Union-Recorder (Milledgeville, Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 19, 2009 Wednesday

County commissioners express concern over revenue shortfall: Constituents asked
to consider revenue situation in criticism of solid waste plan

BYLINE: Daniel McDonald, The Union-Recorder, Milledgeville, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1001 words


Aug. 19--Amidst all the trash talk going on in the unincorporated portions of
Baldwin County, District 3 County Commissioner Sammy Hall thinks some people are
missing the point.

"People need to understand the seriousness of this; the county is in a financial
bind," Hall said during a report by Baldwin County Finance Director Linda
Zarkowsky about the financial well being of Baldwin County. "To my knowledge,
the county fund balance has never been this low."

During her report, Zarkowsky told commissioners that figures cited during a May
Commission meeting that projected a $3 million revenue shortfall remain accurate
for the current fiscal year.

"One month into the new fiscal year, revenue collections are no better [than we
predicted]," she said. "It's clear that more cuts will be necessary and that
there are more tough decisions to be made. We need to use less revenue than we
collect."

During a call for suggestions from the assembled Board of Commissioners,
District 1 Commissioner Emily Davis asked county staff to assess the possibility
of imposing a four-day work week for county employees.

Davis said that county employees cannot suffer any more cuts in their personal
budgets, and a 10-hour-a-day, four-days-a-week schedule may save the county some
money without cutting county employees' pay checks.

County Manager Joan Minton said county staff will assess the proposal.

Sticking with household budgets, Commission Chair James "Bubba" Williams took a
moment to address constituent concerns that the county may be forced to raise
the millage rate. Williams assured those in attendance that the county will
stick with the 8.64 millage rate.

But Hall interjected again to remind county taxpayers that the Georgia General
Assembly did not fund the Homeowners Tax Relief Grant, a Governor Roy Barnes-era
tax program that saved taxpayers between $200 and $300 on the ad valorem taxes
on their homestead property, and they will be faced with a higher property tax
bill later this year.

Baldwin County homesteaders can expect their property tax bills to go up $200
come tax time.

"Our phones will be ringing again," Hall said.

And those phones have been ringing a lot lately due to the mailing of letters
describing the new method for solid waste disposal being implemented by the
county.

During Zarkowsky's financial report, she explained that the Commission adopted
the privatized solid waste management plan that imposes a $13.50 monthly fee to
every residence in the unincorporated portion of Baldwin County to avoid raising
the millage rate one-and-a-half mills in order to make up for the revenue
shortfall in county solid waste management caused by the closure of the county
landfill, which formerly collected the revenue to offset the operation of the
county's network of convenience centers. But Commission Chair Williams said he
is interested in opening a dialogue with the City of Milledgeville to see if any
cost reductions can be gained through a consolidated waste management plan.

"I want to use our staff to sit down with the city to determine if there is
something we can do for the future," he said. "This [curbside-pickup plan] was a
quick fix to alleviate a certain situation. It would be great if a plan with
more participants could lower the cost for everybody."

In other business, commissioners moved forward on their application for a $4
million Georgia Environmental Facilities Authority-administered American
Recovery and Reinvestment Act grant to fund the construction of four water
towers to augment water storage throughout the county's water distribution
system.

Commissioners unanimously voted to authorize the purchase of two of the three
parcels of land needed to build the towers for $8,000.

The county authorized the purchase of the two parcels, one on Corral Road and
the other on Lake Laurel Road, to make the project more "shovel ready" should
the county be awarded the GEFA grant.

In other American Recovery and Reinvestment Act-related news, County Manager
Minton announced that Baldwin County will benefit from Stimulus funds awarded to
the state Department of Transportation through the paving of 3.65 miles of
Browns Crossing Road in southwest Baldwin County. Minton said the paving project
will be let in December.

And finally, Baldwin County is the grantee for a Criminal Justice Coordinating
Council Byrne Justice Assistance Grant totaling $35,704 for the Ocmulgee
Judicial Circuit's victim assistance program. The county is not responsible for
any matching funding under this grant.

Tuesday's County Commission meeting went a little long when commissioners
allowed time for a constituent comment period.

The need for the comment period arose when one county resident spoke up during
discussion about the possible county land acquisition to facilitate the GEFA
water tower grant. Following execution of the meeting agenda, commissioners
voted unanimously to allow a comment period.

Commissioner Davis used the discussion period before the vote on the motion to
remind commissioners that she had expressed interest in institutionalizing a
comment period during at least one Commission meeting per month. Although
commissioners did not commit to a regular comment period-constituents are free
to contact county officials to be added to any commission meeting agenda-they
did allow comment at Tuesday's meeting.

Two constituents used their two-minute comment periods to express
dissatisfaction with the county's decision to authorize purchase of the land for
the proposed water towers and to express displeasure and skepticism about the
new curbside-pickup plan.

To see more of The Union-Recorder or to subscribe, go to
http://www.unionrecorder.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Union-Recorder,
Milledgeville, Ga. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20090819-UG-County-commissioners-express-concern-over-revenue-shortfall-0819

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UG


                                 Copyright 2009


                              509 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                         Glasgow Daily Times (Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 26, 2013 Wednesday

BRIEF: Grants will go to waste

BYLINE: Melinda J. Overstreet, Glasgow Daily Times, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 114 words


June 26--GLASGOW --

The City of Glasgow received word this week that it will be getting two grants
related to waste collection.

The Energy and Environment Cabinet's Division of Waste Management announced 47
recycling and 22 household hazardous waste (HHW) grants to expand recycling,
reduce the amount of solid waste going into landfills and improve the
environmental management of household hazardous waste.

Read more of this story in the print or digital Glasgow Daily Times.
http://glasgowdailytimes.cnhi.newsmemory.com/

___ (c)2013 the Glasgow Daily Times (Glasgow, Ky.) Visit the Glasgow Daily Times
(Glasgow, Ky.) at www.glasgowdailytimes.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130626-GK-BRF-Grants-will-go-to-waste-0626-20130626

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GK


                       Copyright 2013 Glasgow Daily Times


                              510 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                           October 13, 2012 Saturday

PPP eyed for El Nido water supply, sewerage

BYLINE:   Ana G. Roa

LENGTH: 237  words


THE PUBLIC Private Partnership (PPP) Center has invited firms interested in
conducting a feasibility study for the water system and solid waste management
project of the local government of El Nido in Palawan.

The El Nido Water Supply System and Sanitation Project involves water source
development and the construction of treatment plant, reservoirs, transmission
mains, distribution lines, as well as provision for septage management services,
the office said.

Interested firms must submit their letter expressing interest to conduct the
study on or before Oct. 26.

According to the PPP Center, the government through the Department of Finance,
has received a grant from World Bank for the capacity building of PPP projects
in the country. Part of the grant proceeds shall be used to procure consultancy
services for the feasibilty study, it added.

A technical assistance agreement has been signed between the agency and the
local government of El Nido last July 27 to explore a viable and bankable PPP
option for the municipality's water system and solid waste management project.

The agreement contained a provision for technical assistance and advisory until
the successful tender of the project.

The PPP Center, an attached agency of the National Economic and Development
Authority (Neda), has been tasked to provide advisory, technical and training
assistance to local government units in the preparation of PPP projects.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                              511 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                            Crain's Detroit Business

                             June 30, 2003, Monday

McClain Industries plans reorganization, job cuts

BYLINE: Michael Strong

SECTION: Pg. 17

LENGTH: 571 words


McClain Industries Inc. plans to sell assets, drop unprofitable businesses and
eliminate jobs as the Sterling Heights-based maker of waste-removal products
tries to return to profitability.

''We're in a reorganizing phase,'' said Ken McClain, chairman, president and CEO
of the company. ''We're going to shed some businesses and basic land and
equipment that we're not using. We're selling all the stuff that isn't part of
our core business.''

The company hired Grant Thornton L.L.P. in Southfield to help sell the noncore
businesses, such as the production of dump-truck bodies and trash trucks. The
''core business'' now is producing large steel trash bins, compactors and the
equipment that allows garbage trucks to lift bins.

There has been a lot of change at the company in the past 18 months. Ronald
Briggs, Raymond Elliott and Walter Kirchberger resigned from the board of
directors in December. In April 2002, the company closed a plant in Macon, Ga.,
that made hydraulic truck-body hoists.

McClain acknowledged that the company still has more changes to make. The
company plans to eliminate about 150 jobs during the next year, bringing it to
250 employees.

The company did make some gains last year by securing two contracts. McClain
signed a five-year, $100 million contract in May of 2002 with its largest
customer, Waste Management Inc. In September, it reached an agreement with
Lehigh Valley, Pa.-based Mack Trucks Inc. to test and market trucks with a new
hydraulic technology patented by McClain Industries.

The changes have not produced a profit. For 2002, the company reported a loss of
$5.2 million or $1.15 a share on revenue of $73.2 million, compared with a loss
of $5 million or $1.11 on revenue of $91.5 million in 2001. McClain's fiscal
year ends Sept. 30. It has not released financial results for this year because
it is no longer publicly traded.

Bob Rasmussen, president of Wastequip Inc. of Beachwood, Ohio, said he's not
certain that McClain will return to profitability. Wastequip makes metal
containers for waste collection; balers and compactors for waste processing; and
containers, trailers, hoists and other equipment used for transporting solid,
liquid and hazardous waste.

He said he isn't aware of similar companies leaving businesses and selling
assets to try to become leaner.

''I don't know of anybody else selling off stuff,'' he said. ''A lot of
companies in our business haven't made it. Some will, and some more won't.''

He adds the industry has much more capacity than demand right now, and that has
spurred a weeding-out process.

''The whole waste industry is in upheaval,'' McClain said. ''People aren't
buying equipment. They're making it last longer. We have to reorganize and come
back smaller. We want to be one of the survivors, but the hangers-on are
sometimes in worse shape than the people who just got out. We've got to come
back stronger.''

McClain Industries was delisted from the Nasdaq SmallCap Market last fall after
it failed to meet minimum standards and became an over-the-counter stock trading
under the symbol MCCL. Eventually it withdrew its registration with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission. McClain is noncommittal when asked about
relisting the stock if the company improves.

''We'll have to wait and see what the circumstances are,'' McClain said.

Michael Strong: (313) 446-6796, mstrong@crain.com

LOAD-DATE: July 03, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2003 Crain Communications, Inc.


                              512 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   July 14, 1994, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

RECYCLING GRANTS SOUGHT FROM 2 AGENCIES

SECTION: ZONE SOUTH; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 152 words


Byrnes Mill has applied for two recycling grants.

One grant is for $ 24,873 through the St. Louis-Jefferson Solid Waste Management
District. The money would be used for salary, equipment, gas, oil and insurance.

Byrnes Mill would have to supply matching money or materials worth 10 percent of
the grant.

The other grant is for $ 16,750 through the Department of Natural Resources. The
money would be used to pay three-fourths of a salary for a worker and to buy a
baler or two hydraulic dump trailers.

Byrnes Mill would have to provide matching money, labor or supplies worth 25
percent of the grant.

City Treasurer Bill Sehie said, "Currently, we have aldermen man the recycling
center on the weekend hours. We would like to be able to have a worker there."

Sehie says he will be setting up a meeting with St. Louis-Jefferson officials
soon. He expects to hear from the state this week.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              513 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     The Chronicle (Centralia, Washington)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 13, 2015 Thursday

Lewis County Recycled 13,400 Tons of Material in Two Years

BYLINE: The Chronicle, Centralia, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 305 words


Aug. 13--In two years, Lewis County residents have recycled 13,400 tons of
material.

If that material hadn't been recycled or diverted, it would have ended up in the
large regional landfill near Goldendale.

"Lewis County residents are doing a great job at recycling and keeping material
out of the landfill," Lewis County Solid Waste Recycling Program Coordinator
Melanie Case said in a press release. "It is nice to share those numbers with
residents who are doing the recycling day in and day out. I hope it encourages
our avid recyclers to continue, and perhaps inspire others to get started."

The 13,400 tons reflects residential and community recycling and composting and
moderate risk programs. If commercial recycling was included, the number would
be higher.

Solid waste gets a two-year grant from the Washington State Department of
Ecology to pay for waste reduction, recycling, composting and moderate risk
programs. The last grant cycle ended on June 30.

According to the press release, the Lewis County Master Recycler Composter
program through the local Washington State University Extension office is one of
the reasons recycling has been successful in the county.

The group gives classes, holds information booths and does projects. The
volunteers with the program clocked 1,734 hours, and 5,308 people attended their
classes. In the two-year grant cycle the volunteers taught 654 people how to
compost, diverting an estimated 117 tons of food and yard waste from the
landfill annually.

In 2014, the local group was awarded the Washington State Recycling Association
Non-Profit Recyclers of the Year.

Anyone with questions about the solid waste programs can call (360) 740-1451.

___ (c)2015 The Chronicle (Centralia, Wash.) Visit The Chronicle (Centralia,
Wash.) at www.chronline.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150813-1CE-Lewis-County-Recycled-13,400-Tons-of-Material-in-Two-Years-0813-201
50813

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CE


                          Copyright 2015 The Chronicle


                              514 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                    Wilkes Barre Times Leader (Pennsylvania)

                              May 16, 2006 Tuesday

Lehman Twp. still undecided on plan;
Township officials taking a look at Back Mountain Council of Governments' plan.

BYLINE: By CAMILLE FIOTI Times Leader Correspondent

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 353 words


LEHMAN TWP. -- The supervisors discussed the Back Mountain Council of
Governments' proposed comprehensive plan at Monday's monthly meeting.

Supervisor Ray Iwanowski said the township will probably adopt the plan, but the
board isn't ready to make a decision yet.

He said he's disappointed that Dallas Township elected not to adopt the plan,
but added that Dallas Township's decision won't necessarily prevent other
municipalities from adopting it. Chairman Dave Sutton said there isn't anything
in the BMCOG's comprehensive plan, which is designed specifically for
communities in the Back Mountain, that the board doesn't like.

"The nice part of the (BMCOG's) comprehensive plan is that you don't have to
follow it verbatim," he said.

"It's a guideline. It sets some pretty nice ground rules for the way you're
gonna proceed with future development in the municipality."

Sutton said the township currently follows the county's more general
comprehensive plan. He said the township is also in the process of applying for
a Growing Greener state grant, with the help of the township's municipal
planner, Jack Varaly.

"There are some new innovative ways to preserve open space and still allow
development," he said.

In other business:

Roadmaster Doug Trumbower said he would follow up with the county Office of
Community Development for the status of a $110,000 state grant the township
applied for and has earmarked for road improvements.

If the county approves the grant, Trumbower said, the township would advertise
for bids for paving work to complete the paving of Fedor Road.

The Dallas Area Municipal Authority will hold a meeting at 7:30 p.m. Thursday,
June 8 to open bids for garbage and recycling services. At the township's March
meeting, the board discussed the possibility of joining together with DAMA to be
included in its garbage contracts.

Sutton said the board would look over the bids at DAMA's meeting and choose the
services that could best serve the township's needs, then present the options to
the public at the next meeting.

The township's contract with Waste Management Inc. is up at the end of the year.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Wilkes Barre Times Leader
                              All Rights Reserved


                              515 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 19, 2015 Thursday

New Mexico: Solid Waste Management Agency Meetings

LENGTH: 80  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


Santa Fe County has issued the following event detail:

Solid Waste Management Agency Meetings


February 19, 2015 5:00 PM
Legal Conference Room, 102 Grant Ave.

SANTA FE SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT AGENCY
JOINT POWERS BOARD

FEBRUARY 19, 2015
5:00 P.M.
LEGAL CONFERENCE ROOM
SANTA FE COUNTY ADMINISTRATION BUILDING
102 GRANT AVENUE
SANTA FE, NM
Meeting Agenda, Documents, Packet Materials

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              516 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 19, 2015 Thursday

New Mexico: Solid Waste Management Agency Meetings

LENGTH: 80  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


Santa Fe County has issued the following event detail:

Solid Waste Management Agency Meetings


February 19, 2015 5:00 PM
Legal Conference Room, 102 Grant Ave.

SANTA FE SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT AGENCY
JOINT POWERS BOARD

FEBRUARY 19, 2015
5:00 P.M.
LEGAL CONFERENCE ROOM
SANTA FE COUNTY ADMINISTRATION BUILDING
102 GRANT AVENUE
SANTA FE, NM
Meeting Agenda, Documents, Packet Materials

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              517 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     August 24, 1992, Monday, City Edition

County recycling effort lags

BYLINE: DAN DeWITT; LOUISE ANDRYUSKY

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 847 words

DATELINE: BROOKSVILLE



For all the apparent bustle of recycling, Hernando County still lags behind its
neighbors in the statistic that most concerns the state: the percentage of the
county's solid waste that is being recycled.

    According to the Solid Waste Management Act of 1988, all Florida counties
are required to recycle 30 percent of their solid waste by Jan. 1, 1994.

    As of now, the county is recycling between 18 and 20 percent of its solid
waste, said Donald Post, the county's solid waste operations manager.

    That's up from 17 percent last year. And even that is not bad when compared
with other counties its size around the state, said Ron Henricks, recycling
coordinator for the state Department of Environmental Regulation.

    But it also is not nearly as impressive as Citrus County's 25 percent.

    "We're really proud of (our percentage)," said Janis Castriotta, Citrus'
recycling coordinator.

    Pasco has not compiled its percentage this year, but last year's was 21.8,
said Joanne Hurley, Pasco's recycling coordinator. And that was before the "blue
bag" curbside recycling program was instituted this spring.

    "I hope we're much closer to 30 percent this year," she said.

    Hurley pointed to the main differences between Pasco and Citrus on one hand,
and Hernando on the other an extensive curbside program to pick up recycable
goods.

    Pasco's blue-bag program serves 75,000 households, every single-family home
in the county. Of that, nearly 50 percent are setting out their recyclables for
the biweekly pickups.

    In Citrus, 15,600 households receive curbside service, Castriotta said.

    Hernando, meanwhile, has no countywide curbside program, though the Hernando
Association of Retarded Citizens does serve about 5,000 households in the
western part of the county. The county also employs 17 HARC workers to sort
recycled goods.

    The heart of Hernando's recycling program is bins set up at recycling
stations all over the county.

    The county set out 21 bins last winter, and it recently received 12 more
bought with a $ 30,000 state grant. Those are being stored at the Northwest
Landfill until the county can find sites for them.

    Many of the existing bins are stationed in shopping center parking lots. And
though there have been complaints at County Commission meetings that the bins
are not emptied frequently enough, at least one store manger had few quarrels
with the county.

    "Ours seem to be doing real good. They're pretty much keeping ours up to
snuff," said Mike Hill, assistant manager of Kash n' Karry grocery store in
Brooksville.



    Pasco, meanwhile, has only six drop-off centers. Hurley said her program
operates on the belief that the centers should be fenced off and supervised to
avoid the mixing of recyclable materials with regular trash.

    Citrus has only a central location for recycling.

    What all three counties have in common though, is their struggle in the
slumping market for recyclable goods, especially newsprint and plastics.

    Ray Barclay, general manager of Recycle America Tampa, said he can remember
several years ago when recycling companies would travel to charitable
organizations that were holding paper drives.  "We'd go out and get it and pay
for it, sometimes as much as $ 15 a ton," he said.

    But in recent years, nationwide laws like Florida's have caused a huge
increase in the amount of newsprint and other recycled goods.  Uses for the
recycled goods, meanwhile, have remained pretty much stagnant, he said.

    For example, he said, no paper mill in Florida can use recycled paper.

    As a result, Barclay now requires clients to deliver newsprint to him, and
he pays them nothing for it.

    "The general public has this myth in their minds that recycling means
revenue," Hurley said. "Nothing could be further from the truth."

    Pasco now has a relatively favorable contract that pays it $ 3.75 per ton
for newspapers.

    And the average 400 tons of material that are picked up every two weeks in
the blue-bag program usually bring about $ 4,000 or $ 5,000.  But the cost of
processing and hauling are considerably more than that, she said.

    Hernando also has a relatively good contract, paying $ 3.50 per ton, Post
said. It has also saved money on transport costs by switching from a firm in
Winter Garden, near Orlando, to the Inter-County Recycling Co. in Lecanto, which
is only 18 miles from the Northwest Landfill.

    But what is still a losing proposition for the county is likely to get worse
before industries can find a use for the ever-growing supply of recycled goods.

    Hurley found a particularly foreboding statistic in a trade journal listing
prices for newsprint throughout the country. In the New York City area,
companies are charging $ 55 to accept a ton of newspapers.
 Staff writer Louise Andryusky contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, OLIE STONEROOK, (3); Workers from the Hernando Association
of Retarded Citizens sort plastics for recycling.Rick McDonnell unloads aluminum
cans at a recycling bin. Newspapers pile up outside bins.

                            Times Publishing Company


                              518 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             June 06, 1999, Sunday

Schedule set for free tire disposal

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 103 words

DATELINE: LECANTO



Citrus County Division of Solid Waste Management offers a program to residents
for free disposal of used tires on designated days.

This program has continued for 10 years with assistance from a Florida
Department of Environmental Protection grant.

Used tires are recycled and used as a fuel supplement in an electricity
generating plant.

Up to five passenger car or small truck tires will be accepted for free disposal
on the following dates this year: Monday-Saturday, July 14, Aug. 11, Sept. 7-11,
Oct. 13, Nov. 1O, Dec. 6-11.

For information, call the Division of Solid Waste Management at 746-5000.


LOAD-DATE: June 7, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              519 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 21, 2013 Saturday

Waste reduction grants available in Ogle County

BYLINE: Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 287 words


Sept. 21--OREGON -- Waste reduction and recycling grant applications are due
Oct. 4 to the Ogle County Solid Waste Management Department, 909 W. Pines Road.

This is the last round of grants available for this fiscal year.

Money is available for businesses, schools, school districts, libraries, and
nonprofit organizations in Ogle County.

Applicants must address waste reduction and recycling issues. They also may
request funds for educational activities to promote waste reduction and
recycling; or for materials and equipment.

Examples include recycling bins, carts, videos, books, worm bins, composters, or
dishwashers to replace plasticware and Styrofoam trays with reusable items; and
equipment needed to switch from disposable packaging to reusable packaging.

Applicants also are encouraged to find innovative solutions.

Materials and equipment sought should be made with recycled materials.

Money may not be used to pay for expenses such as staffing, collection, hauling
costs, or single-use materials. Priority will be given to new applicants.

Grants will be awarded in $100 to $2,000 amounts. Applicants must provide a 20
percent match of the total project cost.

Applications will be reviewed and scored by the department and acted on by the
Solid Waste Committee later in the month.

Ninety percent of an approved grant will be awarded initially. The 10 percent
balance will be paid shortly after receipts and a grant evaluation, expenditure
report is received by the county.

For more information, or to request an application, go to www.oglecounty.org or
call 815-732-4020.

___ (c)2013 the Daily Gazette (Sterling, Ill.) Visit the Daily Gazette
(Sterling, Ill.) at www.saukvalley.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130921-YG-Waste-reduction-grants
-available-in-Ogle-County-0921-20130921

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2013 Daily Gazette


                              520 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            February 9, 2010 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Tampa's talking solar trash bins

BYLINE: CHRISTIAN M. WADE, cwade@tampatrib.com

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 615 words


City's discussing cost-benefit analysis of the compactors.

By CHRISTIAN M. WADE

cwade@tampatrib.com

TAMPA - They don't spill, don't stink and can hold up to 180 gallons of trash
compacted into a brick, nearly five times more than a regular garbage can.

It's the latest technology in solid waste disposal: solar-powered
self-compacting trash cans. The new garbage receptacles soon could sprout up in
neighborhoods throughout the city.

Tampa officials are weighing a proposal from Waste Management Inc. of Florida to
place nearly 100 solar-powered receptacles in sections of Davis Islands, Ben T.
Davis Beach and Ybor City, replacing the city's old-fashioned, 32-gallon
curbside trash cans in those areas.

Under a pilot project being discussed by city officials, Tampa would lease the
eco-friendly compactors from the company for a cost-benefit analysis.

"We're still reviewing the proposal," said Tonja Brickhouse, director of Tampa's
Department of Solid Waste & Environmental Program Management. "The biggest issue
is funding."

The bins, which resemble a large green mailbox, are expected to cut labor and
fuel costs while reducing carbon dioxide emissions, said Bryant Johnson, Waste
Management's manager of community and municipal relations.

"Instead of city workers emptying the bins several times a week, they're only
coming by once or twice a week," he said. "That will result in a substantial
savings for the city."

The company's proposal estimates that replacing the old bins with solar
compactors would save the city nearly $200,000 a year and reduce emissions of
carbon dioxide - the primary gas linked to global warming - by more than 100
tons a year.

The city would pay about $83,000 a year to lease the bins, according to the
proposal.

Because the compactors hold more trash, they require less servicing, and that
means less carbon emissions from city trucks emptying bins, Johnson said.

How does it work?

The device is powered by a solar panel on top that recharges a 12-volt battery.
Once trash reaches the level of an electric beam near the top, it triggers a ram
that compacts the garbage until it reaches maximum volume.

One of the more whiz-bang aspects of the technology is that it sends an e-mail
to the operator when it's ready to be emptied.

When they get the e-mail, city workers come by to remove the compacted trash
bricks instead manhandling the messy contents of an overflowing can or emptying
giant trash bins.

The trash receptacles can be equipped with a 60-gallon recycling bin.

The technology emerged several years ago, and solar compactors can be found on
street corners, in parks and elsewhere in cities including Boston, Philadelphia,
Baltimore and New York. They also are being used in many state and national
parks.

The compactors are in Canada, Australia, Israel and France.

Still, the high-tech gadgets don't come cheaply. They range in price from $3,195
to $3,995 each. Most cities try to get state and federal grant money to cover
the costs.

Tampa is not at the stage of exploring financing possibilities.

Grants are how Philadelphia, which faces a $1.4 billion, five-year budget
deficit, replaced 700 trash bins in its high-traffic downtown with 500 of the
solar compactors.

Boston got its first solar-powered compactors in 2006 and now has more than 160,
using them everywhere from Faneuil Hall to Fenway Park, home of the Red Sox.

"People really love them," said Dot Joyce, a spokeswoman for Boston Mayor Thomas
M. Menino. "They're very efficient, good for the environment and save us a lot
of money."

Reporter Christian M. Wade can be reached at (813) 259-7679.

Copyright © 2010, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              521 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             March 22, 2015 Sunday

Solid waste management to get more funds from corporation

SECTION: AURANGABAD

LENGTH: 293 words


AURANGABAD: The Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC), which is spending 21-22%
of its total budget on solid waste management every year, may have to earmark
more funds under the head from the next financial year. It will have to do so
after the state government on Friday directed all the civic bodies in the state
to allocate at least 25 % of their annual budget on waste disposal and
management.

While promoting Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, chief
minister Devendra Fadnavis also directed the civic bodies to segregate garbage
at source if they want land to dump waste. Unless these conditions are
fulfilled, the local self bodies will not receive any grants under the 14th
finance commission.

However, with the AMC recently getting upgraded from class 'D' to class 'C', it
is not liable for grants under the 14th finance commission. But if the civic
body meets the conditions, the state government may soon provide it land for a
new dumping yard.

Sanjay Pawar, accounts officer in the AMC, said the civic body is spending about
Rs 7 crore on salaries of 2,200 sanitary workers per month. For the
transportation of garbage, the municipal corporation is using seven big skip
loaders, 29 trucks, 15 autorickshaws, 16 tractors and 21 tippers.

The municipal corporation, which is dumping garbage at Naregoan dumping yard for
the last 30 years, is over utilizing the facility. In the absence of an
alternative place, the corporation continues to dump about 150-160 truckloads of
garbage every day in the yard leaving little room for additional waste.

Jayashree Kulkarni, in-charge of solid waste management in the AMC, said the
civic body's expenditure under the head is close to 25% of the total budget.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              522 of 995 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright © 1988 Florida State University Law Review.

                        Florida State University Law Review

                                   FALL, 1988

                           16 Fla. St. U.L. Rev. 597

LENGTH: 19126 words

REVIEW OF FLORIDA LEGISLATION, ARTICLE: THE 1988 SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT ACT --
FACING UP TO THE "GARBAGE" COMPONENT OF FLORIDA'S BURGEONING GROWTH

NAME: William D. Preston * and Thomas M. DeRose **

BIO:



   * Partner, Hopping Boyd Green & Sams, Tallahassee, Florida.  B.S., 1969,
Rochester Institute of Technology; J.D., 1975, Florida State University.  Mr.
Preston is a past Staff Director of the Florida Senate Natural Resources and
Conservation Committee.

   ** Associate Attorney, Hopping Boyd Green & Sams, Tallahassee, Florida.  B.A.
1976, Bucknell University; J.D., 1979, National Law Center of George Washington
University; L.L.M., 1983, Tulane University School of Law.  Mr. DeRose was
formerly Assistant Regional Counsel for the United States Environmental
Protection Agency in Atlanta, Georgia.

   The authors wish to express their appreciation to Mr. James C. Wheeler,
presently a second-year student at Duke University School of Law for his
assistance in researching various provisions of this complex piece of
legislation and in preparing this Article.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  By 1990, the state's solid waste generation will have increased by almost
five million tons due to population growth and increased rates of generation.
... For the first time, the Florida Legislature has specifically included local
government as an integral member of the solid waste management "team" and has
imposed substantial new and additional associated responsibilities on this level
of government. ...  Other components of this local government level
responsibility for solid waste management addressed by the Act include the
following: ...  Each county must prepare and submit an annual report to DER on
the local government's solid waste management program and recycling activities.
... To underscore the seriousness with which the Florida Legislature has
directed local government to initiate its own recyclable materials recycling
program and to meet the above-referenced volume reduction goals in a timely
manner, those cities and counties not complying with such requirements will not
be eligible to receive grants from the Solid Waste Management Trust Fund, or
from funds payable to the local government by DER from the General Revenue Fund
or any other state fund. ... By April 1, 1989, DER is required to propose rules
establishing standards for the production, classification, content, and use and
application rate of compost by solid waste management facilities in the state.
...

HIGHLIGHT: Due in part to the high rate of population growth in Florida and the
increasing rates of solid waste generation by Floridians, the problem of solid
waste management has generated serious statewide concern.  In an effort to
address this critical environmental issue, the Florida Legislature during the
1988 Regular Session passed the Solid Waste Management Act.  In this Article,
Mr. Preston and Mr. DeRose outline the development of this significant new
legislation, summarize its main provisions, and highlight the Act's funding
sources as well as the new regulatory and rulemaking activities which will be
undertaken to implement the Act.

TEXT:
 [*598]  In recent years, the Florida Legislature has tended to focus on and
address the higher profile waste disposal issues surrounding "toxic" and
"hazardous" substances and materials.  n1 By the 1988 legislative session,
however, Florida's Representatives and Senators faced a much more common, but
ultimately no less serious, waste management problem: what to do with the
average seven pounds of garbage generated every day by each of the twelve
million citizens of Florida.  n2 It proved to be a legislative topic that few
imagined would have generated the massive amounts of time, energy, and resources
that it did.  However, the Florida Department of Environmental Regulation (DER),
the state's chief environmental agency, the Florida Legislature, and executive
policy-makers could not ignore the impact of basic facts which faced that group
leading up to the 1988 legislative session.  Some of these include:

   1.  By 1990, the state's solid waste generation will have increased by almost
five million tons due to population growth and increased rates of generation.

   2.  Solid waste generation rates of individuals are increasing by  [*599]
eleven percent per year.

   3.  From 1980 to 1985, landfill costs increased by an average of only ten
percent per year.  However, by 1990 it is expected that landfill costs will
increase by eighty-six percent over the 1985 level because of more stringent
rules at both federal and state levels.

   4.  The cost of solid waste management is the second largest expense of local
governments on a national basis.

   5.  Approximately one-third of the landfill space available in the state in
1985 will be closed by 1996.

   6.  The cost to counties for complying with more stringent landfill closure
standards for their existing landfills is expected to be $ 103 million by 1995.

   7.  In 1985, eighteen Florida counties reported that they will be closing all
their existing landfill acreage by 1996.

   8.  At the current rate of landfilling in Florida, 64,000 more acres of
landfills will need to be sited by 1997.  n3

   On August 4, 1987, Senate President John W. Vogt  n4 created the Senate
Select Committee on Solid Waste Management.  n5 In naming the committee members
and identifying their "charge," Senator Vogt said, "'[t]he committee's
responsibilities will be to examine the problem local governments are
experiencing in operating existing landfills, siting and funding solid waste
landfills, [to] review methods available for reducing solid waste volume, and to
review related hazardous waste problems.'"  n6 The Select Committee also was
directed to explore the concepts of regionalizing certain solid waste services
as well as alternatives to landfill disposal, such as recycling, volume
reduction, resource recovery, and composting programs.  n7 Senator George
Kirkpatrick,  n8 appointed as Chairman of the Select Committee, and the Senator
ultimately in charge of marshaling the solid waste bill through the Florida
Senate,  n9 noted that "Dale Twachtmann, Secretary of the Department of
Environmental Regulation, has indicated that his  [*600]  agency offers its full
support for seeking solutions to this statewide environmental problem."  n10

   After eight months of work by the Select Committee, the development of
comprehensive legislative proposals on the topic of solid waste management by
both the Senate Natural Resources and Conservation Committee and the House
Natural Resources Committee,  n11 and deliberation and debate on these bills
throughout the course of the 1988 legislative session culminating in a
conference committee appointed to resolve differences between bills passed by
the full Senate and House of Representatives, on the last day of the regularly
scheduled 1988 session, the Florida Legislature passed a 185-page bill
containing a host of solid waste issues, mandates, and provisions.  n12 On June
24, 1988, Governor Bob Martinez signed into law  n13 this sweeping enactment and
hailed the legislation as a major victory for Florida's environment.  n14 He
noted:

   One of the biggest problems we face as a growing state is what to do with the
trash and other waste we produce.  . . .  With this law, Florida will finally
begin to take a comprehensive approach to dealing with a serious environmental
problem that simply won't go away on its own.  n15

   Most provisions of the Act took effect on October 1, 1988.  n16

   This Article will briefly outline the development of the Act,  n17 and will
then summarize the main provisions of the law.  It will also highlight the
funding sources and likely expenditures designed to implement the new programs
which the Act authorizes, as well as the significant new regulatory and
rulemaking activities which will be undertaken to implement the Act.

    [*601]  I.  Development of the Act

   The Solid Waste Management Act is an ideal study not only of a piece of
legislation that is complex in length, breadth and impact, but also of the
legislative process that generated it.  Several early versions of proposed bills
appeared in response to the Florida Senate Select Committee's report which
detailed the solid waste needs of the state and outlined preventive and remedial
recommendations.  n18 Before the start of the legislative session, in addition
to the primary Senate (SB 1192) and House (HB 1487) bills, there appeared
several "bottle bills,"  n19 and a comprehensive solid waste management bill
authored and proposed by DER.  n20 Each of these other proposals either died of
neglect or was killed as House Bill 1487 and Senate Bill 1192 became the
framework for the final Act as the latter bills moved through their respective
houses.  As the legislative session progressed, these bills became festooned
with countless amendments and were sometimes radically transformed by committee
substitute language and bill revisions.

   As expected, the House Natural Resources Committee and the Senate Natural
Resources & Conservation Committee directed the development of the legislation
and were responsible for most revisions.  The Committees on Finance and Taxation
and the Committees on Appropriations in each House played lesser, but still
important roles.  After each bill cleared the respective Appropriations
Committee, they each passed by wide margins in their sponsoring houses.  n21
However, many provisions in the two bills appeared to be irreconcilable.  As the
end of the session drew near, a conference committee composed of members of both
houses was assigned the unenviable task of drafting the final legislation.  n22
By cannibalizing parts of the Senate and House bills and  [*602]  creating some
new provisions, in six days the conference committee produced a compromise of
quite literally colossal proportion.  n23 The conference committee's bill filled
185 pages, longer than either the House or the Senate bill.  n24 The conference
committee's compromise bill easily passed both Houses on June 3, 1988,  n25 the
last day of the regularly scheduled legislative session.

   II.  Key Provisions of the Act

   Probably the hallmark of this complex legislation is the shear breadth and
scope of solid waste-related topics the Act addresses.  The legislation spells
out specific areas of responsibility to be assigned to state and local
governments, and establishes key definitions and permitting requirements.  The
Act also addresses the management and regulation of specified types of waste
materials, many for the first time in Florida, as well as addressing a host of
other topics and issues.

   A.  State Responsibilities

   While the Legislature recognized that many of the solid waste-related
problems which it identified as leading to the need for legislative action were
essentially "local" problems throughout Florida, it also understood that some
form of state level coordination and example setting was imperative to address
fully those issues which had been targeted for attention.  n26 Toward that end,
as discussed in more detail below,  n27 the Act grants to DER and other state
agencies a substantial increase in existing rulemaking authority, along with
specific authority to enact new and far-reaching regulations.  Additionally,
DER's statutory responsibilities to establish and implement a "state solid waste
management program" were substantially overhauled.  n28 This management program
must be "initiated" by DER no later than February 1, 1989, and that agency is
required to begin adoption of those rules necessary to implement the program by
the end of calendar year 1988.  n29 The general purpose of the state program as
outlined by the Act is to serve as a coordinating tool, guide, and vehicle for
technical assistance  [*603]  to municipalities, counties, other state agencies,
business and industry organizations, and the general public.  n30 As an
additional component of the state program, DER must prepare by October 1, 1989,
and in every year thereafter, a report on the status of solid waste management
efforts in Florida.  n31

   Another area of state level solid waste-related responsibilities contained in
the Act concerns the recycling of solid wastes.  With certain exceptions, any
state agency or agency of a political subdivision of the state which is using
state funds, or any person contracting with any such agency with respect to work
performed under contract, is now required to procure products or materials with
recycled content when those products or materials are available at reasonable
prices.  n32 The term "recycled content" is specifically defined to mean
recycled materials including, but not limited to, paper, aluminum, glass, and
compost material.  n33 To set an example for local governments and the citizenry
of the state, all state agencies, the judicial branch of state government, and
the State University System are mandated to establish by September 1, 1989, a
program for the collection of all recyclable materials generated in state
offices.  n34 The Act spells out specific goals and responsibilities for
recycling imposed directly upon certain entities of state government.  n35

   The Legislature also recognized the need for enhanced education to foster an
awareness of Florida's solid waste management problems and recycling needs at
all levels of our state's school systems and also with the general public.  n36
This is an additional component of the state  [*604]  solid waste management
program which DER is required to develop.  n37 The Department of Education, in
cooperation with the State University System, must develop, distribute, and
encourage the use of guidelines for the collection of recyclable materials and
for solid waste reduction in the state system of education.  n38 The school
boards of each school district in the state must provide a program of student
instruction in the recycling of waste materials,  n39 and the Department of
Education is directed to develop from funds appropriated for environmental
education curriculum materials and resource guides for a recycling awareness
program.  n40 All research, training, and service activities related to solid
and hazardous waste management which are conducted by state universities are to
be coordinated by the Board of Regents through the Office of the Chancellor.
n41 The Board of Regents' responsibilities in this respect could potentially
overlap or even conflict with similar directives imposed upon the Florida High
Technology and Industry Council which is now statutorily required to direct and
coordinate the scientific and technological resources of the state to undertake
research projects which may alleviate the problems of critical economic or
environmental magnitude.  n42

    [*605]  The Legislature also wrestled with a solid waste policy component
contained within Florida's State Comprehensive Plan adopted in 1985 as part of
the sweeping growth management legislation enacted that year.  n43 A goal of the
state plan is to ensure that all solid waste is properly managed, and that the
use of landfills is eventually eliminated.  n44 One policy aimed at fostering
this goal, as stated in the 1985 legislation, is to reduce by 1995 the volume of
non-hazardous solid waste disposed of in landfills to fifty-five percent of the
1985 volume.  n45 After considerable debate and compromise between the Florida
House and Senate positions on this issue, the existing goal of solid waste
management was retained, but the 1985 policy designed to implement this goal was
replaced with three new legislative statements of policy:

   1.  By 1994, reduce all volume of solid waste requiring disposal by 30
percent.

   2.  By 1994, provide in all counties, a countywide solid waste collection
system to discourage littering and the illegal dumping of solid waste.

   3.  Initiate programs to develop or expand recyclable material markets,
especially those involving plastics, metals, paper and glass.  n46

   Lastly, a relatively little noticed and barely discussed provision of the Act
imposes an additional requirement upon DER to establish qualifications and
encourage the development of training programs for operators of landfills,
coordinators of local recycling programs, and other solid waste management
facilities.  n47 After January 1, 1990, no person may perform the duties of an
operator of a solid waste management facility unless he has completed an
operator training  [*606]  course approved by DER.  n48 The Department strongly
advocated the inclusion of such a requirement within the Act because agency
personnel believed that many of the solid waste-related operational problems
which had led to development of this legislation could be traced back to
uninformed, unprofessional, and unqualified operators attempting to run and
manage landfill facilities.  n49 Unfortunately, the language of the Act imposes
this training component upon a broad range of persons engaged in or in charge of
the actual operation, supervision, and maintenance of not only "landfills," but
also any "solid waste management facility," a broadly defined term under the
Act.  n50 While the concept of requiring properly trained operators at sanitary
landfills would appear to be sound and in keeping with the intent of the
Legislature as expressed in the Act, a corresponding requirement imposing the
same training requirements upon persons in charge of recycling facilities,
transfer stations, volume reduction plants, or any other facility, the purpose
of which is resource recovery or the disposal, recycling, processing, or storage
of solid waste, may not be well-advised.  n51

   B.  Local Government Responsibilities

   For the first time, the Florida Legislature has specifically included local
government as an integral member of the solid waste management "team" and has
imposed substantial new and additional associated responsibilities on this level
of government.  The drafters of initial versions of the Act realized that the
problems of solid waste management in Florida could not be addressed or solved
solely through state funding and action.  n52 Accordingly, the bills initially
under consideration  [*607]  specifically identified the role of local
government and clearly spelled out the needs and responsibilities that counties
and municipalities were to satisfy.  n53

   To that end, DER is required to develop descriptive literature to inform
local governments of their new solid waste management responsibilities and
opportunities and must schedule at least one regional workshop in each regional
planning council  n54 during fiscal year 1988-1989 in order to provide
information to both the public and private sector on the provisions of the Act.
n55 Each county is given primary responsibility and power to conduct a solid
waste management/disposal program.  n56 Municipalities may carry out their
responsibilities under the new law through interlocal agreements or special acts
among themselves or in conjunction with the governing county body.  n57 Other
components of this local government level responsibility for solid waste
management addressed by the Act include the following:

   1.  Each county must initiate a recyclable materials recycling program by
July 1, 1989.  Separation and segregation requirements apply to construction and
demolition debris, newspapers, aluminum cans, glass, and plastic bottles.  n58

   2.  County solid waste management and recycling programs must be designed to
meet the municipal solid waste volume reduction goal of at least thirty percent
by the end of 1994.  n59 The term "municipal solid waste" is specifically
defined.  n60 DER is authorized to reduce or modify the percentage reduction
goal that a county is required to achieve under certain enumerated conditions.
n61

    [*608]  3.  Each county must prepare and submit an annual report to DER on
the local government's solid waste management program and recycling activities.
n62 Curbside recyclable materials collection programs may be undertaken by any
county or municipality.  Local governments are encouraged to use both for-profit
and nonprofit organizations in fulfilling this responsibility.  n63

   4.  After July 1, 1989, solid waste management facilities owned or operated
by or on behalf of a county or municipality (except for existing facilities
which will be closed by October, 1989) are required by the Act to have scales
for weighing all solid waste when it is received.  n64

   To underscore the seriousness with which the Florida Legislature has directed
local government to initiate its own recyclable materials recycling program and
to meet the above-referenced volume reduction goals in a timely manner, those
cities and counties not complying with such requirements will not be eligible to
receive grants from the Solid Waste Management Trust Fund, or from funds payable
to the local government by DER from the General Revenue Fund or any other state
fund.  n65 Only if such funds are pledged to retire bonded indebtedness or if
the local government demonstrates "good faith efforts" to meet the statutory
requirements is DER authorized to remove this "club" from over the head of a
local government and funnel money to that entity.  n66

   C.  Key Definitions and Permitting Requirements

   Two sections of the Solid Waste Management Act that will likely be the focus
of considerable scrutiny and review in the future deal with definitions of terms
n67 and facility permitting requirements.  n68 Both sections  [*609]  underwent
considerable change and revision during the course of the law's development.  As
with any significant new law or rule, it is imperative that definitional changes
or additions be carefully scrutinized for their content, meaning, and
application throughout the law created.  This axiom is even more crucial for one
to understand fully the changes in Florida's solid waste management program that
have resulted from the passage of the Act.

   1.  Definitions

   A number of new solid waste-related terms are defined and included under
section 403.704, Florida Statutes.  n69 Certain other key existing terms are
revised or redefined.  To begin with, the term "solid waste" continues to be
broadly defined so as to include any "discarded material" of a liquid,
semi-solid, or contained gaseous nature resulting from domestic, industrial,
commercial, mining, agricultural, or governmental operations.  n70 Added to that
term is the listing of any "garbage, refuse, yard trash, clean debris, white
goods, special waste or ashes."  n71 Simply put, virtually anything that is
thrown away could be included under the new meaning of this important term.

   The Act also readdresses the type of "facility" which will be subject to its
provisions.  Under prior existing law, a "resource recovery and management
facility" was the entity to which statutory solid waste provisions and DER rules
applied.  n72 Under the new law, although the scope of the term remains
essentially unchanged, this facility has been relabeled as a "solid waste
management facility."  n73 The term still includes any solid waste disposal
area, volume reduction plant, or other facility, the purpose of which is
resource recovery or the disposal, recycling, processing or storage of solid
waste.  n74 Excluded from the term are facilities which use or ship recovered
materials unless such facilities are managing solid waste.  n75 New types of
solid waste-related facilities defined under the Act include a "solid waste
disposal facility"  n76 and a "transfer station."  n77

    [*610]  Consistent with its increased focus on the subject of solid waste
recycling, the new law also defines or revises terms related to this topic.
"Recyclable material" and "recovered materials" are defined for the first time.
n78 The principal intent of such new definitions is to recognize that, to the
extent possible, materials should be kept out of the "solid waste" category if
they can be recycled or recovered.  The existing definitions for "recycling" and
"resource recovery" are also substantially amended.  n79

   New or revised definitions are also included for a number of specific types
of solid waste which are the subject of particular provisions of the new law
n80 and which will be addressed through subsequent DER rulemaking proceedings as
discussed below.  Separate terms are included for "construction and demolition
debris" and "clean debris."  n81 In the course of developing such terms, the
Legislature recognized that those kinds of waste materials which do not pose the
same degree of risk as other solid waste should not be subject to standards
which might apply to wastes possessing a greater potential for harm to the
environment or public health.  Under the same theory,  [*611]  other new terms
were added and defined, including "special wastes," "sludge," and "white goods."
n82

   Lastly, with considerable input from both DER and the Florida Department of
Health and Rehabilitative Services, the topic of infectious waste materials was
addressed through the creation of three new terms: "biohazardous waste,"
"biohazardous waste generator," and "biological waste."  n83 Perhaps
coincidentally, the Legislature recognized the need to define such terms and
prescribe methods of handling and disposing of these materials even before this
subject received wide public attention during the summer of 1988.  n84

   2.  Solid Waste Facility Permitting

   Since the act of obtaining solid waste facility permits from DER has become
subject to the NIMBY syndrome over the past few years in Florida,  n85 the
issues surrounding the permitting of such a facility has  [*612]  become
particularly relevant.  The Act provides that "[n]o solid waste management
facility may be operated, maintained, constructed, expanded, modified or closed
without an appropriate and currently valid permit issued" by DER.  n86 As an
additional "hammer" to enforce compliance with the recycling requirements of the
Act, effective October 1, 1989, the Legislature also authorized DER to include
within such permits those conditions necessary to achieve compliance with the
Act's recycling requirements at the time of permit issuance.  n87 It should also
be recognized that because of the broad definitions for "solid waste" and "solid
waste management facility," the permitting requirement will apply to many
different types of facilities throughout Florida.  For example, since the term
solid waste even includes liquid wastes, the "disposal"  n88 of sewage or liquid
industrial effluent into an evaporation-percolation pond could be deemed subject
to this solid waste permitting requirement.

   Partly for this reason, the Legislature recognized that certain solid waste
management facility permitting "exemptions" or exceptions continue to be
appropriate.  Thus, the Act provides that no solid waste management facility
permit is required for the following activities, if no public nuisance or
condition adversely affecting the environment or public health is created:

   1.  Disposal of solid waste resulting from one's own activities on one's own
property, if the waste is from residential property or is rocks, soils, trees,
and other vegetative matter normally resulting from land development operations.

   2.  Storage in containers by persons of solid waste resulting from their own
activities on their own property, if such waste is collected at least once a
week.

   3.  Disposal of solid waste resulting from one's own activities on one's own
property, if the environmental effect of such disposal on groundwater and
surface water are addressed or authorized in some other DER permit or was
addressed or authorized by (or exempted  [*613]  from) a groundwater monitoring
plan approved by DER.

   4.  Disposal of construction and demolition debris, if the disposal area is
covered, graded and vegetated (as necessary) when disposal is completed.

   5.  Disposal by persons of solid waste resulting from one's own activities on
one's own property, if such disposal occurred prior to October 1, 1988.

   6.  Disposal of solid waste resulting from normal farming operations.

   7.  The use of clean debris as fill material in any area.  n89

   A related permitting provision of the new law for the first time authorizes
DER to "refuse to issue a permit to an applicant who by past conduct in
[Florida] has repeatedly violated pertinent statutes, rules, or orders or permit
terms or conditions relating to any solid waste management facility and who is
deemed to be responsible as defined by department rule."  n90

   D.  Special Waste Handling Requirements and Prohibitions

   During the course of its committee deliberations and consideration of
testimony from a variety of persons and different sources, the Legislature
became aware that certain types of solid waste materials were presenting special
waste handling and management problems throughout Florida and beyond.  n91 For
that reason, and in keeping with the legislative intent to attempt to address
Florida's solid waste management solutions in a broad and far-reaching manner,
many provisions of the Act were drafted to deal with these specified wastes and
accompanying special needs.  Where possible, specific industry sources were
enlisted to prepare initial versions of proposed legislative provisions on
topics particularly unique to those groups.  n92 Relevant provisions of the Act
which address these special types of wastes are briefly summarized below.

   1.  Used Oil  n93

   Although the Legislature had addressed this subject in 1984  n94 , the Act
now goes even further in mandating strict used oil-related management  [*614]
regulations and prohibitions and in fostering greater public involvement in the
management of this material.  The Act prohibits the discharge of used oil into
septic tanks, and the mixing or commingling of used oil with solid waste that is
to be disposed in landfills or the direct disposal of such used oil into
landfills.  n95 The mixing or commingling of used oil with hazardous substances,
thereby making it unsuitable for recycling or beneficial use, is also
prohibited,  n96 as is its use for road oiling, dust control, weed abatement, or
other similar uses that have the potential to release used oil into the
environment.  n97

   The Act directs DER to encourage the voluntary establishment of public used
oil collection centers and recycling programs as one means of dealing with the
burgeoning problem of used oil generation in the state.  n98 Further, DER may
establish an incentive program to encourage individuals who change their own oil
to return their used oil to a used oil collection center.  n99 Additionally, a
new permitting requirement is established for any person who intends to operate,
modify, or close a used oil recycling facility,  n100 with certain permitting
exceptions.  n101

   2.  Biohazardous  n102 and Biological Wastes  n103

   The Act establishes a major new initiative "to protect the public health by
establishing standards for the safe packaging, storage, treatment, and disposal
of biohazardous waste."  n104 Existing law had only defined the term "infectious
waste"  n105 and had authorized disposal of such wastes which emanated from a
hospital or ambulatory surgical  [*615]  center only as approved by DER.  n106
Under the Act, a split of agency responsibility over this growing problem is
contemplated.  The Department of Health and Rehabilitative Services is required
to "regulate the packaging, storage, and treatment of biohazardous waste which
occurs at facilities where [such] waste is generated."  n107 The Act requires
DER to "regulate biohazardous waste from the point at which the waste is
transported from the facility where it was generated," and to also "regulate
on-site and off-site incineration of biohazardous waste and its off-site
transport, storage, treatment, or disposal."  n108 An interagency agreement
between those two agencies will be developed "to ensure maximum efficiency in
coordinating, administering, and regulating" activities associated with the
management of biohazardous wastes.  n109

   3.  Batteries

   Legislative members accumulated evidence which indicated that lead-acid
batteries present special problems when disposed of in sanitary landfills or
incineration facilities.  n110 For that reason, the Act bans the disposal of
such wastes in landfills after January 1, 1989.  n111 By that same date,
lead-acid batteries also may not be disposed of in any waste-to-energy facility.
n112 To encourage the proper collection and recycling of these batteries, all
persons who sell lead-acid batteries at retail must accept used lead-acid
batteries as trade-ins for new batteries.  n113

   4.  Waste Tires

   The proper disposal and management of worn-out or "waste" tires can present
immense problems.  n114 A waste tire is essentially incompressible and takes up
valuable space at a sanitary landfill.  n115 Waste  [*616]  tires also present
indirect hazards to public health and safety by creating ideal breeding
conditions for mosquitoes,  n116 and by posing a serious fire threat in large
accumulations.  n117 In response to these multiple threats, the Legislature
included specific provisions within the Act which grant DER broad authority to
enact sweeping rules aimed at reducing risks associated with such materials.
n118 After July 1, 1989, it is illegal to deposit any waste tire in a landfill
as a method of ultimate disposal,  n119 or to maintain a waste tire site,  n120
unless such site is an integral part of a person's permitted waste tire
processing facility.  n121 Further, no person may dispose of waste tires unless
the tires are disposed of for processing or collected for processing, at one of
the following: "a permitted solid waste disposal facility, a waste tire site
which is an integral part of a permitted waste tire processing facility, a
permitted waste tire processing facility, or a waste tire collection center."
n122

   5.  White Goods

   "White goods" are defined to include "inoperative and discarded
refrigerators, ranges, water heaters, freezers, and other similar domestic and
commercial large appliances."  n123 The Act prohibits the disposal of white
goods in landfills after January 1, 1990.  n124

   6.  Plastics

   The Act also addresses problems associated with the disposal of plastic bags,
containers, and other similar materials.  In recognition of the fact that
efforts are underway within the plastics industry to develop products which are
either photodegradable or biodegradable,  n125  [*617]  the Legislature imposed
corresponding restrictions on plastic products here in Florida under certain
deadlines.  After July 1, 1989, no plastic holding devices used for connecting
containers together, e.g., the "six-pack" ring, may be sold or offered for sale
in Florida unless they are composed of material which is degradable  n126 within
120 days.  n127 This same degradability requirement is applicable after January
1, 1990, to plastic bags provided at any retail outlet to retail customers for
use in carrying purchased items.  n128 The Act provides that no person may
distribute, sell, or offer for sale in Florida any products used in conjunction
with food for human consumption which are composed of polystyrene foam or
plastic-coated paper unless such products are capable of degrading within 12
months or less.  n129 Although this requirement does not become effective until
one year after the United States Food and Drug Administration has certified
these products as safe, and until the products are available in commercial
quantities,  n130 businesses and industries are encouraged to achieve compliance
with this requirement by January 1, 1992.  n131

   The Act also attempts to foster the increased recycling of plastic containers
by prohibiting any person from distributing, selling, or exposing for sale after
July 1, 1990, any plastic container product unless such product has a molded
label indicating the plastic resin used to produce the plastic container
product.  n132 That label must appear on the bottom of the plastic container
product and be clearly visible.  n133 Since the recycling of different types of
plastic containers will be facilitated by a method for segregating and
separating these different plastic types,  n134 such a standardized labeling
system should foster and enhance recycling efforts.  Finally, the Legislature
also went on record as doing its part in response to the increased concern over
the "greenhouse effect" by banning packaging materials containing
chlorofluorocarbons, one of the primary constituents believed to have caused
this phenomenon.  After October 1, 1990, no person may distribute, sell or
[*618]  expose for sale any product packaged in a container or packing material
manufactured with those substances.  n135

   7.  Recovered Materials and Containers

   As noted above, the Act contains a heavy emphasis on legally and practically
removing as many materials from the typical solid waste stream as possible.  For
that reason, the Act broadly defines the term "recovered materials"  n136 and
specifically exempts such substances from any regulation under the Act if the
following conditions are met:

   1.  A majority of the recovered materials at a facility are demonstrated to
be sold, used, or reused within one year;

   2.  The recovered materials or the products or byproducts of operations that
process recovered materials are not discharged, deposited, injected, dumped,
spilled, leaked, or placed into or upon any land or water so that such products
or byproducts or any constituent thereof may enter other lands or be emitted
into the air or discharged into any waters, including groundwaters, or otherwise
enter the environment or pose a threat to public health and safety; and

   3.  The recovered materials are not hazardous wastes and have not been
recovered from solid wastes, which are defined as hazardous wastes under
[Florida law].  n137

   Since the specific types of materials which may qualify as "recovered
materials" and be subject to the corresponding exemption from regulation are not
limited by the Act, this provision of the new law may provide great
opportunities for particular businesses or industries to explore alternative
means of handling or managing what otherwise would be typical solid wastes
subject to full regulatory and permitting requirements.

   Another area of legislative attention dealt with the disposal of bottles and
containers.  For a number of years, the Florida Legislature has considered
"bottle bills" patterned after enactments in other states which mandate the use
of returnable deposit glass containers.  n138 This Act creates an "Advance
Disposal Fee" (ADF) program which will not take effect for four years or longer,
contingent upon the recycling  [*619]  rates for containers being attained in
the interim.  n139 The program would apply to all containers which are made from
plastic, glass, plastic coated paper, or other metals.  n140 If DER finds by
October 1, 1992 that containers made of such substances are not being recycled
at a sustained rate of fifty percent of the quantities sold in Florida, then a
fee of one cent per container will become effective.  The fee will be imposed by
retail establishments on all containers sold in this state.  n141 Containers on
which an ADF is charged may be returned to recycling centers for a refund of the
fee, plus a payment equal to the market value of the product from which the
container is made.  Unclaimed moneys which remain in the trust fund created to
receive the fee proceeds will be allocated to support container recycling
programs.  n142 If DER determines by October 1, 1995 that the type of containers
specified still are not being recycled at a sustained rate of fifty percent of
the quantities sold within the state, the Act requires that the ADF be increased
to two cents per container and that a mandatory container "refund value" deposit
program be instituted.  n143

   III.  Funding and Expenditures

   The Act will substantially alter funding and expenditures related to waste
disposal in Florida.  Governmental activity to carry out the purposes of the Act
is centered around the Solid Waste Management Trust Fund.  n144 The Department
of Environmental Regulation is charged with administering the proceeds of this
new fund.  n145 One of the most substantial grant programs ever administered by
DER is authorized under the Act  n146 and will result in the distribution of
millions of dollars in grant moneys to local governments throughout the state.
n147 The initial first-year funding and expenditures will be modified in future
years as subsequent provisions of the Act begin to take effect.  n148

   The primary financial effect of the Act on the general public is likely to be
an increase in the cost of waste disposal services.  More  [*620]  precise cost
calculations necessitated by the requirement to set fees at an amount which will
closely match receipts with actual expenses will force local governments to
raise fees.  n149 The private sector will be required to help fund the increased
recycling efforts and new disposal provisions through the increased cost of
solid waste collection, disposal, and management services.  n150 Although some
of these increased costs may be offset by moneys from the Trust Fund, it is
clear that some solid waste-related costs will inevitably be passed on to the
consumer.  In addition, some industries such as the beverage industry, the
container manufacturing industry, and the packaging industry will probably
experience cost increases due to more stringent disposal requirements.  n151

   The majority of the funding necessary to implement the new legislation will
come from an initial one-time transfer of $ 19 million from the Grants and
Donations Trust Fund in the Governor's Energy Office into the Solid Waste
Management Trust Fund.  n152 Another major source of revenue for the Trust Fund
will be generated from the reduction of the dealers' sales tax collection
allowance.  n153 Dealers will be required to pay a registration fee as well as a
percentage of their collection allowance.  n154 These fees are expected to
generate approximately $ 15 million annually.  n155 In addition, a fifty-cent
fee on the sale of each new tire at the retail level, upon being increased to
one dollar beginning January 1, 1990, will raise approximately $ 7.5 million
annually.  n156 Finally, a ten cent per ton disposal fee on newsprint will add
approximately another $ 350,000 annually.  n157 Of course, many other funding
options proposed and discussed as the House and Senate bills evolved were not
included in the legislation as finally enacted.  Some of these were: the complex
and immediately effective "bottle bill,"  n158 specified solid waste disposal
fees,  n159 a commercial solid waste collection sales tax,  n160 and a beverage
container fee.  n161

    [*621]  The complement to the new Trust Fund is the Solid Waste Management
Grant Program.  n162 In obvious recognition of the need for local governments to
respond to local solid waste-related needs and demands, DER is directed to
allocate funds to enable counties and municipalities to operate solid waste
management recycling and education programs.  n163 Twenty-five percent of the
available funds will be allocated equally as base grants among eligible,
applying local governments with populations over 50,000.  n164 Additionally, a
small county assistance program was created to provide $ 25,000 each year for
five years to counties with populations under 30,000.  n165 Before the funds can
be spent for other needs, the small counties must apply the funds to the
purchase and/or maintenance of scales for measuring solid waste that is to be
disposed.  n166

   The remaining seventy-five percent of the available Grant Program funds are
to be distributed as "incentive" portions of grants.  n167 The Legislature went
to great lengths in attempting to entice as many local governments as possible
to participate in achieving the solid waste management goals set forth in the
Act.  n168 Grants for recycling will provide funding to applicants for capital
costs and, if justified, temporary operating subsidies to assist local
governments in their recycling efforts.  n169 Grant applicants must provide
specific information to ensure the adequacy and organization of their proposed
programs.  n170 Although general requirements for eligibility are listed in the
Act,  n171 some, such as "likelihood of project success," "demonstrated
interest," and "level of commitment"  n172 are difficult to quantify and have
little predictive value.  Finally, $ 750,000 has been set aside to provide
[*622]  one-time awards to local governments which had implemented recycling
programs prior to the effective date of the Act.  n173

   It should be noted that as the various provisions of the Act begin to take
effect, the initial financial structure as set forth above will likely be
modified.  For example, the controversial Advance Disposal Fee (ADF) on
containers discussed above will likely account for increased revenues of $ 8.1
million annually if the program ever "kicks in" during 1992 or 1995.  n174
Furthermore, one year after implementation of the Act (late in 1989), industrial
equipment and machinery used for recycling will be eligible for tax exempt
status, accounting for a decrease in revenue of $ 9.5 million annually.  n175

   IV.  Agency Rulemaking and Implementation of the Act

   Immediately upon passage of the Act, DER began to identify those specific
provisions which require implementation through rulemaking, those for which a
statutory deadline for promulgation or implementation is established, and those
which DER, as a discretionary matter, may determine to require implementation
through rulemaking.  Additionally, DER began to draft proposed rules to
implement the new Act.  This section identifies those provisions of the Act
which DER is statutorily required to implement through rulemaking, those it
later may decide, as a discretionary matter, to address through rulemaking, and
other responsibilities not requiring rulemaking which DER must implement.  Use
of the verb "will propose" in this section indicates that DER has announced its
intent to propose a rule on a particular subject.

   The Department's first responsibility under the Act is the promulgation of
rules necessary to implement the statewide solid waste management program
discussed above.  n176 That program must be updated every three years.  n177 The
rules to be developed under the state program will establish a blueprint for
development of names of the regulatory programs addressed by the Act and will
better define coordination of cooperative efforts among counties and
municipalities in the following areas: recycling, solid waste management, solid
waste reduction and alternative disposal programs, establishment of planning
guidelines, provision of technical assistance, and public education.  n178 The
Department  [*623]  will develop descriptive literature about the
responsibilities, programs and opportunities created by the Act.  n179

   Additionally, DER must prepare an annual report, beginning in October, 1989,
on the effectiveness of solid waste management, recycling, and waste reduction
programs in the state.  n180 Each year the report must provide comprehensive
evaluation and analysis of the types and quantities of solid waste generated and
disposed of and of the markets for recycled goods.  n181 The report also must
provide recommendations to the Governor and Legislature for refinements or new
directions.  n182 The Act authorizes DER to adopt new rules and to repeal or
amend existing rules in establishing "requirements for the classification,
construction, operation, maintenance, and closure of solid waste management
facilities."  n183 In classifying solid waste management facilities, DER must
consider the hydrogeology of the site and the type of waste to be handled at the
site, and it must seek to minimize adverse effects on the environment.  n184
Over the next year, DER will renumber its existing solid waste-related rules and
will propose a series of revisions to the provisions dealing with "solid waste
facilities"  n185 in order to incorporate the changes provided for under the Act
along with recent revisions to federal regulations.  n186 In developing new
proposals relating to solid waste management facilities, DER may specify
requirements for the disposal of dead or diseased animals and will specify
requirements for the disposal of ash generated by such facilities by burning
solid waste.  n187 No statutory deadline is established in the Act for rules
relating to solid waste management facilities, except that rulemaking to set
standards for disposal of ash from burning solid waste must be initiated and at
least one public hearing held by February 1, 1989.  n188

   Since the Act creates several new grant programs,  n189 DER will propose
rules establishing general standards for their management and  [*624]
administration.  n190 In addition, DER is required to establish rules regulating
the distribution and use of annual grants to small counties for purchase or
repair of weight scales, costs of operation and management of local solid waste
management and recycling programs and facilities, and education.  n191 These
rules must be adopted by July 1, 1989.  n192 By January 1, 1989, DER must
propose rules regulating distribution and use of local government grants
promoting collection, reuse and proper disposal of used oil,  n193 and must
adopt rules for the administration of grants to counties for the purposes of
waste tire collection, processing, recycling and disposal.  n194 The waste tire
grant program must be established by July 1, 1989.  n195

   By September 1, 1989, each state agency, including DER, must establish
programs, in cooperation with DER and the Department of General Services, for
waste reduction and recycling in state offices.  n196 The Department of
Environmental Regulation has not yet determined what role it must play in the
adoption of such programs by other state agencies.  n197 Also, by September 1,
1989, DER must develop a form for use by local governments in applying for
one-time recycling awards, rewarding those local governments which have taken
the initiative in solid waste reduction and recycling.  n198

   The Department will propose amendments to chapter 17-7 of the Florida
Administrative Code,  n199 which will establish standards for certifications by
certified public accountants or professional engineers, certifying that
recycling equipment qualifies for a tax exemption.  n200 The Act does not
specify a deadline for implementation.  At some point, DER will propose rules
revising those definitions pertaining to solid waste management and used oil now
codified in chapter 17-7 of the Code  n201 to incorporate the Act's new
definitions of these terms  [*625]  into that chapter.  n202 Although not
required by the Act, such rulemaking is viewed by DER as necessary "cleanup" of
its existing rules.

   By March 1, 1989, DER must initiate rulemaking and hold at least one public
hearing to establish the method to be used by local governments in calculating
and accounting for the full costs of solid waste management in that local area.
n203 In developing these rules, DER must consider "the feasibility of the use of
an enterprise fund process by local governments in operating their solid waste
management systems."  n204 While no deadline is specified, DER also must adopt
rules governing the creation, management, and annual auditing of landfill
management escrow accounts (funded by disposal fees or surcharges sufficient to
ensure the proper closure of the landfill).  n205 The Department must also
provide standards for establishing financial responsibility for closure costs in
lieu of creating an escrow account and fees.  n206

   By February 1, 1989, DER must propose rules establishing standards for the
management, storage, transportation, treatment, incineration and disposal of
biohazardous waste after it leaves the generator's hands.  n207 The proposed
rules must include a procedure for registration of transporters of biohazardous
wastes.  n208 By March 1, 1989, the Department of Health and Rehabilitative
Services must adopt rules for the packaging, segregation, storage, treatment and
disposal of biohazardous waste at the generator's facility prior to transfer of
the waste to a transporter.  n209

   By April 1, 1989, DER is required to propose rules establishing standards for
the production, classification, content, and use and application rate of compost
by solid waste management facilities in the state.  n210 The rules must be
adopted within one year of their proposal.  n211 The rules must exempt for ten
years compost produced under preexisting contracts with local government
authorities.  n212

    [*626]  The Act requires DER to adopt rules establishing minimum
qualifications for operators of landfills, recycling programs, and other solid
waste management facilities and for training programs for such operators.  n213
These rules may include various classifications for operators based on different
levels of training achieved.  n214 While no deadline for promulgation of these
rules is provided in the Act, operators may not perform their duties after
January 1, 1990, unless they have completed a DER-approved training course.
n215

   The Department will amend chapter 17-7 of the Code  n216 to incorporate the
Act's prohibitions on disposal in landfills of used oil, lead-acid batteries,
yard trash, white goods, vegetable oils, and animal parts, fats, by-products or
waste products.  n217 These rules will establish standards for alternative
disposal, processing, or recycling of used oil, lead acid batteries, yard trash
and white goods.  n218 They will also address the prohibitions on the mixing or
commingling of used oil with other solid waste or hazardous waste, on disposal
of used oil in septic tanks, and on use of used oil for road oiling, dust
control, weed abatement, and similar uses.  n219 Additionally, the rules will
establish thresholds for animal parts, fats, by-products, waste products, and
vegetable oils to quantify what is subject to the disposal prohibition and what
is exempt from the prohibition.  n220 No deadline is specified for rules
establishing thresholds or exemptions of animal parts, fats, by-products, waste
products or vegetable oils or for the disposal prohibitions on the other items.
However, DER is required to establish the standards for such alternative
disposal prior to the effective dates of the prohibitions: October 1, 1988 for
used oil; January 1, 1989 for lead-acid batteries; January 1, 1990 for white
goods; and January 1, 1992 for yard trash.  n221 These rules most likely will
incorporate statutory requirements for used oil collection centers,  n222 used
oil collection incentives programs,  n223 the registration exemption for on-site
burners of used oil,  n224 and certification, registration, annual reporting,
insurance,  [*627]  and financial responsibility requirements for transporters
of used oil.  n225 No deadline is established for adoption of rules implementing
these requirements.

   The Act provides DER with enhanced permitting authority over solid waste
management facilities, which will become the subject of DER rulemaking.  The
Department will propose rules to implement its authority to include in permits
conditions necessary to effectuate recycling goals and requiring designation of
temporary backup disposal capacity prior to issuance of a construction permit.
n226 The Department will also propose rules codifying the statutory exemptions
for storage or disposal on the generator's own property of solid waste resulting
from the generator's activities on that property under specified conditions
(residential waste, debris from land clearing for development, and activities
which are otherwise permitted), and for areas used solely for disposal of
construction and demolition debris.  No deadline is specified for rules
implementing the recycling goals authority or the permit exemptions; however, by
December 31, 1988, DER must initiate rulemaking, to the extent that it
determines necessary, to establish standards for regulation by general permit of
off-site disposal of construction and demolition debris.

   By January 1, 1990, DER will propose rules specifying procedures and
standards for the issuance of permits to used oil recycling facilities and for
the exemption of a facility from the permitting requirement if it burns used oil
in compliance with a federal permit and a DER air permit or if it uses used oil
for the beneficiation or flotation of phosphate rock.  n227 By January 1, 1989,
DER will propose standards, procedures and fees for the issuance of permits to
waste tire collection, processing, recycling, and disposal facilities, including
authorization of disposal at permitted solid waste disposal facilities on
specified conditions, as well as exemptions from those permitting requirements.
n228 The Department will also propose rules specifying procedures and standards
for a permit denial to an applicant who is  [*628]  responsible for repeated
violations of regulatory requirements,  n229 and codifying its expanded
authority to issue research, development, and demonstration (R & D) permits to
solid waste management facilities.  n230 No deadline is specified for adoption
of rules relating to permit denials or R & D permits.

   As discussed above, the Act also significantly expands DER's authority and
responsibility to regulate recovered materials and recycling.  Since the Act
exempts from regulation recovered materials meeting specified criteria,  n231
DER may propose rules specifying standards for determining whether a particular
recovered material is exempt.  Since such a rule is not required, there is no
established deadline.

   The Department will propose rules establishing recordkeeping and reporting
requirements pertaining to sales and recycling of newsprint  n232 and containers
made of glass, plastic, aluminum, plastic-coated paper or other materials,  n233
including cans, bottles and jars with a capacity of five ounces or more.  n234
These rules will also establish procedures and criteria for determining the rate
at which those products actually are being recycled and for DER registration of
recycling centers accepting those products.  n235 No deadlines are established
for implementation of these provisions.  However, DER must adopt a rule
requiring the inclusion in all state informational material printed after
December 31, 1988 (such as road maps and travel pamphlets), of information
alerting travelers to the recycling requirements of the Act and urging them to
avoid littering.  n236 Please note that while the Act requires adoption of rules
addressing materials printed after December  [*629]  31, 1988, the section of
the Act requiring those rules does not become effective until October 1, 1995.
n237

   In addition to promulgation of new rules, DER has been given responsibility
for implementing the Act through a number of non-rulemaking programs.  The Act
requires DER to conduct research to develop alternative solid waste management
techniques and to determine the effectiveness of landfill closure requirements.
n238 The Department is also required to develop information on existing markets
for recovered materials and to assist in developing new markets, as well as to
establish a directory of recycling businesses.  n239 Additionally, the Act
requires DER to develop programs of public education designed to increase
awareness of solid waste management issues and to promote litter control,
recycling, volume reduction, and proper management techniques.  n240 The
Department must also conduct or participate in various demonstration projects,
including one designed to solve problems associated with disposal of seafood
processing by-products.  n241 The Department is required to provide planning,
technical and financial assistance to state agencies and local governments for
waste reduction, recycling, reuse, and the proper management and disposal of
solid waste.  n242 The Act also requires DER to initiate programs to encourage
voluntary establishment of waste tire collection centers and authorizes the
Department to develop incentives programs to reward people who return tires to
collection centers.  n243

   Other governmental bodies have responsibilities for implementing the Act as
well.  The Florida High Technology Innovation Research and Development Board is
charged with responsibility for promoting technological developments in
recycling.  n244 The Florida High Technology and Industry Council must direct
and coordinate the scientific and technological resources of the state to
alleviate problems of solid waste disposal.  n245 One or more of the state's
colleges and universities will study the effects of commercial product packaging
on the management of solid waste in Florida.  n246 The Department of Education
[*630]  must incorporate information regarding the bottle and container
recycling and deposit requirements into materials distributed to primary and
secondary schools, urging an end to litter.  n247 The Department of
Transportation (DOT) must coordinate a variety of programs designed to prevent
litter,  n248 and is also directed to expand the use of recovered materials in
its construction projects  n249 and to undertake demonstration projects to
determine the feasibility of using a variety of specified recycled materials as
paving materials.  n250 The Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services must
conduct a demonstration project in Alachua County to determine the feasibility
of composting yard trash derived from a typical municipal solid waste stream.
n251 The Act also creates the Applications Demonstration Center for Resource
Recovery from Solid Organic Materials to evaluate and demonstrate low-cost
treatment technologies.  n252 Finally, the Florida Division of Purchasing must
revise existing procurement procedures for the state to maximize utilization of
recycled materials.  n253 It is likely that some of these agencies will propose
new rules or modify some existing rules to implement these provisions of the
Act.

   V.  Conclusion

   It is clear that passage of the 1988 Solid Waste Management Act will lead to
a substantial increase in private and public sector efforts to address Florida's
waste handling and disposal needs.  Consideration and passage of this
significant legislation has enhanced the public's perception that there really
is a solid waste management "problem" in Florida that cries out for attention.
Somewhat ironically, however, this perception could ultimately complicate
efforts on the part of government and the citizenry aimed at resolving the
issues raised.  If there is an Achilles' heel in Florida's efforts to satisfy
its solid waste-related needs, it can be found in the heightened environmental
consciousness of her citizenry, the ready availability of Florida's
Administrative Procedures Act  n254 to challenge or dispute controversial agency
actions,  [*631]  and in the still prevalent feeling that it is all well and
good to solve solid waste-related problems so long as the solution does not
impact "my back yard." The combination of these factors could result in a
roadblock of administrative litigation that is all too easy to erect.

   Probably the most significant gap in the new law is the lack of attention
given to the key issue of siting and permitting a solid waste management
facility.  n255 There is a marked lack of statutory guidance or assistance under
existing law or the 1988 legislation on this issue.  The Florida Legislature is
always reluctant to authorize a state agency to override local government
control, even for the welfare of the general citizenry of the state.  In order
to truly establish a workable mechanism for meaningful resolution of Florida's
waste management problems, however, those Senators and Representatives who
labored so long in drafting this otherwise well-balanced legislation may yet
have to address this issue head-on.

   At this point, the Florida DER is hard at work drafting versions of the
innumerable rules necessary to be developed under the Act and scheduling public
workshops/hearings on these proposed rules.  A series of public hearings to be
held around the state has also commenced, which will likely lead to suggestions
for amending this past session's enactments.  In the meantime, Florida's
population continues to grow daily while the state's solid waste disposal
options continue to become more limited.  Whether the purported solutions to the
solid waste-related problems which are envisioned in the Act eventually prove
viable in resolving this double-barrelled threat awaits judgment.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Environmental LawSolid WastesDisposal StandardsEnvironmental LawSolid
WastesResource Recovery & RecyclingGovernmentsLocal GovernmentsFinance

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  See Hopping & Preston, The Water Quality Assurance Act of 1983 -- Florida's
"Great Leap Forward" Into Groundwater Protection and Hazardous Waste Management,
11 Fla. St. U.L. Rev. 599 (1983); ch. 85-277, 1985 Fla. Laws 1762 (codified at
Fla. Stat. § 403.771 (1987)) (enacted immediately following the accident in
Bhopal, India to regulate stationary compression vessels); The State Underground
Petroleum Environmental Response Act, ch. 86-159, 1986 Fla. Laws 655 (codified
at Fla. Stat. §§ 376.30-.319 (1987)).




n2.  Staff of Fla. H.R. Comm. on Nat. Resources, CS for CS for HB 1487 (1988)
Staff Analysis 4 (final July 1, 1988) [hereinafter CS for CS for HB 1487 Staff
Analysis] (on file with committee).




n3.  See Staff of Fla. S. Comm. on Nat. Resources & Conser., CS for CS for SB
1192 (1988) Staff Analysis 1-2 (May 18, 1988) [hereinafter CS for CS for SB 1192
Staff Analysis] (on file with committee).




n4.  Dem., Cape Canaveral, 1972-1988.  Senator Vogt is past chairman of the
Senate Natural Resources & Conservation Committee.




n5.  Fla. S., Office of the Pres., Press Release (Aug. 4, 1987) [hereinafter
Senate Press Release] (on file, Florida State University Law Review).




n6.  Id.




n7.  Id.




n8.  Dem., Gainesville.  Senator Kirkpatrick has been actively involved in past
legislative activity concerning hazardous waste legislation, such as the
hazardous waste amnesty days program.  See Fla. Stat. § 403.7264 (1987).




n9.  Senate Press Release, supra note 5.




n10.  Id.




n11.  These respective House and Senate committees were the primary committees
engaged in the development of the various solid waste bills.




n12.  See Fla. S. Jour. 982 (Reg. Sess. 1988); Fla. H.R. Jour. 1493 (Reg. Sess.
1988).




n13.  Ch. 88-130, 1988 Fla. Laws 599.




n14.  Fla. Office of the Gov., Press Release (June 24, 1988) [hereinafter
Governor's Press Release] (on file with Office of the Gov.).




n15.  Id.




n16.  Ch. 88-130, § 84, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 699.




n17.  Due to the voluminous amendments and revisions to the primary bills
serving as the framework for the Act as finally enacted, it would be impractical
to discuss each of these changes in this short Article.  Anyone seriously
interested in a detailed legislative history of the Act is encouraged to consult
the History of Legislation compiled by the Policy Studies Clinic, Florida State
University College of Law.




n18.  Staff of Fla. S. Select Comm. on Solid Waste, Report on the Activities of
the Senate Select Committee on Solid Waste Management (Feb. 1988) [hereinafter
Senate Select Committee Report] (on file with S. Comm. on Nat. Resources &
Conser).




n19.  Fla. SB 76 (1988) (proposed by Sen. McPherson, Dem., Ft. Lauderdale); Fla.
SB 1175 (1988) (proposed by Sen. Malchon, Dem., St. Petersburg); Fla. HB 265
(1988) (proposed by Rep. Souto, Repub., Miami, 1984-1988); Fla. HB 1137 (1988)
(proposed by Rep. Bainter, Repub., Mt. Dora).




n20.  Fla. SB 942 (1988) (introduced by Sens. Grizzle, Repub., Belleair Bluffs,
1978-1988; and Lehtinen, Repub., Miami, 1986-1988); Fla. HB 1141 (1988)
(introduced by Rep. Dunbar, Rep., Dunedin).




n21.  Fla. CS for CS for SB 1192 passed the Senate on May 25, 1988 by a vote of
40 to 0.  Fla. S. Jour. 402 (Reg. Sess. 1988); Fla. CS for CS for HB 1487 passed
the House of Representatives on May 10, 1988 by a vote of 102 to 13.  Fla. H.R.
Jour. 387-88 (Reg. Sess. 1988).




n22.  The Senate conferees were Senators Crawford, Dem., Winter Haven;
Kirkpatrick; and Lehtinen.  The alternates were Senators McPherson and Grizzle.
Fla. S. Jour. 501 (Reg. Sess. 1988).  The House conferees were Representatives
Martin, Dem., Hawthorne; Friedman, Dem., North Bay Village; and Dunbar.  The
alternates were Representatives Saunders, Dem., Key West; and Drage, Rep.,
Orlando.  Fla. H.R. Jour. 902 (Reg. Sess. 1988).




n23.  See Fla. S. Jour. 944 (Reg. Sess. 1988) (Conference Committee Report on
Fla. CS for CS for SB 1192) [hereinafter Conference Committee Report].




n24.  Fla. CS for CS for SB 1192 (1988) (First Engrossed) was 168 pages long,
and Fla. CS for CS for HB 1487 (1988) (Second Engrossed) was 130 pages long.




n25.  In the Senate, the vote was 35 yeas to 0 nays.  Fla. S. Jour. 982 (Reg.
Sess. 1988).  In the House, the vote was 111 yeas to 4 nays.  Fla. H.R. Jour.
1493 (Reg. Sess. 1988).




n26.  See ch. 88-130, § 2, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 604 (amending Fla. Stat. §
403.702 (1987)).




n27.  See infra notes 176-253 and accompanying text.




n28.  See ch. 88-130, § 10, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 619 (amending Fla. Stat. §
403.705 (1987)).




n29.  Id.




n30.  Id.




n31.  Id.  The report must include at a minimum a comprehensive analysis of
solid waste generation and disposal in the state, projected over a 20-year
period; quantification of the amounts of solid waste generated, recycled, and
disposed of and the methods employed in doing so; evaluation of the development,
implementation, and success of local solid waste management programs and
recycling programs; evaluation of the markets for recycled materials and of
state efforts to enhance those markets; recommendations concerning existing and
potential programs for solid waste reduction and recycling at the state and
local level; and recommendations for improving solid waste management and
recycling.




n32.  Id. § 12, 1988 Fla. Laws at 627 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.7065 (1987)).




n33.  Id.




n34.  Id. § 21, 1988 Fla. Laws at 641 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.714 (1987)).




n35.  See id. § 12, 1988 Fla. Laws at 627 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.7065 (1987)
); id. § 22, 1988 Fla. Laws at 642 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 403.7145 (Supp.
1988)); id. § 49, 1988 Fla. Laws at 659 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 366.044 (Supp.
1988)); id. § 55, 1988 Fla. Laws at 666 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 403.4131
(Supp. 1988)); id. § 59, 1988 Fla. Laws at 673; id. § 60, 1988 Fla. Laws at 673.
See also memorandum from Rick Wilkins, Dir., Div. of Waste Mgt., Fla. Dep't of
Envtl. Reg. to All Parties Interested in Implementation of the 1988 Solid Waste
Act (Oct. 1, 1988) [hereinafter DER memorandum from Rick Wilkins] (on file with
Div. of Waste Mgt., Dep't of Envtl. Reg.).




n36.  See Senate Select Committee Report, supra note 18, at 80.




n37.  See ch. 88-130, § 10, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 619 (amending Fla. Stat. §
403.705 (1987)).




n38.  Id. § 21, 1988 Fla. Laws at 641 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.714 (1987)).




n39.  Id.  In support of this effort, Waste Management of Leon County, Inc.
(WMLCI) has entered into a "gentleman's agreement" with the Tallahassee City
Commission, under which WMLCI would use proceeds from the sale of recyclable
materials collected through its recycling pilot program in the Killearn
subdivision area of Tallahassee (described in greater detail infra note 63) to
purchase instructional materials for use in educating Leon County students about
the need for and availability of methods to be used in recycling.  The materials
include study guides for teachers, coloring books, and fact sheets and brochures
referencing solid waste management and disposal data.  Telephone Conversation
with Steve Pralle, Controller, Waste Management of Leon County, Inc.,
Tallahassee, Fla. (Oct. 11, 1988) [hereinafter conversation with Steve Pralle]
(memorandum on file, Florida State University Law Review).




n40.  Ch. 88-130, § 21, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 641 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.714
(1987)).




n41.  Id. § 50, 1988 Fla. Laws at 660 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 240.5325 (Supp.
1988)).  This section requires the Board of Regents to "consult with the
Department of Environmental Regulation in developing the research programs and
provide the department with a copy of the proposed program for review and
comment before the research is undertaken." Id.  The Board is also required to
review proposals using an advisory board of university personnel appointed by
the Chancellor and shared and directed by an individual appointed by the
Chancellor.




n42.  See id. § 45, 1988 Fla. Laws at 655 (amending Fla Stat. § 240.539 (1987)).
This section provides in part:

   [W]ith funds appropriated by the Legislature, the council shall develop
research programs to resolve problems associated with designing and implementing
programs to recycle material such as plastics, rubber, metal, glass, paper, and
other components of the solid waste stream.  The council shall consult with the
Department of Environmental Regulation in developing the research programs.  The
council shall report its findings to the Legislature by February 1, 1989, and
recommend areas where additional research is needed.

   Id.




n43.  Ch. 85-57, 1985 Fla. Laws 295 (codified at scattered sections of Fla.
Stat. ch. 186, 187 (1985)).  See also Hopping Boyd Green & Sams, Florida's 1985
Growth Management Legislation (A Summary and Analysis) (1985).




n44.  Fla. Stat. § 187.201(13)(a) (1987).




n45.  Ch. 85-57, § 2, 1985 Fla. Laws 295, 296 (current version at Fla. Stat. §
187.201(13)(b)(1) (1987)).




n46.  Ch. 88-130, § 47, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 656 (amending Fla. Stat. §
187.201(13) (1987)).  Initial versions of the Senate and House bills differed on
the solid waste quantity reductions and times for compliance.  The bill
initially passed by the Senate required a 25% reduction in the annual volume of
solid waste by 1993.  See Fla. CS for CS for SB 1192, § 56 (1988) (First
Engrossed).  The House bill as initially passed established a three-tier series
of waste reduction goals which called for municipal solid waste amounts to be
reduced by 20% by 1992, 30% by 1994, and 35% by 1996.  See Fla. CS for CS for HB
1487, § 10 (1988) (Second Engrossed).  The Act as passed represents an obvious
compromise worked out by the conference committee between these various
positions.




n47.  See ch. 88-130, § 39, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 649 (codified at Fla. Stat. §
403.716 (Supp. 1988)).




n48.  Id.




n49.  Telephone conversation with William H. Hinkley, Envtl. Adm'r., Solid Waste
/Resource Recovery Group, Bur. of Waste Planning & Reg., Fla. Dep't of Envtl.
Reg. (Oct. 14, 1988) [hereinafter conversation with William H. Hinkley]
(memorandum on file, Florida State University Law Review).




n50.  See ch. 88-130, § 39, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 649 (codified at Fla. Stat. §
403.716 (Supp. 1988)).  The term "solid waste management facility" is defined to
mean "any solid waste disposal area, volume reduction plant, transfer station,
or other facility, the purpose of which is resource recovery or the disposal,
recycling, processing, or storage of solid waste.  The term does not include
facilities which use or ship recovered materials unless such facilities are
managing solid waste." Id. § 3, 1988 Fla. Laws at 606 (amending Fla. Stat. §
403.703 (1987)).




n51.  The Legislature properly recognized that operators of landfills have the
responsibility to properly handle, process, cover, and monitor a wide variety of
waste.  Training of such operators is vital to ensure that their activities are
protective of the environment.  However, by contrast, a transfer station is
essentially a stop over point for a short period of time during the transport of
solid waste to a processing or disposal facility.  The operator of such a
transfer station performs few activities which directly affect the waste or
which likely could have any significant impact on the environment.  For such
operators, the same level of training is clearly inappropriate.




n52.  See Senate Select Committee Report, supra note 18, at 80.




n53.  See Fla. S. Comm. on Nat. Resources & Conser., Draft 8, § 7 (Feb. 26,
1988); Fla. H.R. Comm. on Nat. Resources, PCB 88-2, §§ 7-12 (draft of Feb. 19,
1988).




n54.  The Florida Regional Planning Council Act created 11 regional planning
councils.  The primary function of each council is to create a comprehensive
regional policy plan containing regional goals and policies relating to growth
management, resource management infrastructure needs and other issues of
importance within the region.  See Fla. Stat. §§ 186.501-.513 (1987).




n55.  Ch. 88-130, § 10, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 619 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.705
(1987)).




n56.  Id. § 11, 1988 Fla. Laws at 621 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.706 (1987)).




n57.  Id.




n58.  See id.




n59.  See id.




n60.  See id.  "Municipal solid waste" is defined to mean:

   any solid waste, except for sludge, resulting from the operation of
residential, commercial, governmental, or institutional establishments that
would normally be collected, processed, and disposed of through a public or
private solid waste management service.  The term includes yard trash, but does
not include solid waste from industrial, mining, or agricultural operations.

   Id.




n61.  See id.  The conditions specified in the Act are (1) that achieving the
goal would have an adverse effect on the county's financial obligations which
are directly related to a waste-to-energy facility owned or operated by the
county; and (2) that the county's waste-to-energy facility would not be able to
process sufficient volumes to maintain its financial viability if the county
segregated combustible materials from the solid waste.




n62.  See id.




n63.  See id.  By way of example, in April, 1988, Waste Management, Inc.
introduced a pilot recycling program in Tallahassee, Florida called "Recycle
America." Over 3,000 households in targeted sections of the city are
participating in the project.  Each household has been furnished three
color-coded bins, one each to hold newspapers, glass containers, and metal cans.
Once each week, on a day which coincides with a regular refuse collection day
for that residence, WMLCI, a local subsidiary of Waste Management, Inc., deploys
a specially outfitted "Recycle America" truck to pick up the recyclables.  The
residents' "regular" garbage is taken to the Leon County landfill, and the
recyclable materials are taken to a special facility for processing, shipment,
and sale to various industries.  Waste Management, Inc. Recycle America Press
Release (Mar. 15, 1988) (on file, Corporate and Public Affairs, Waste Management
, Inc., Ft. Lauderdale, Fla.).  See supra note 39.




n64.  See ch. 88-130, § 11, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 621 (amending Fla. Stat. §
403.706 (1987)).




n65.  Id.




n66.  Id.




n67.  See id. § 3, 1988 Fla. Laws at 606 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.703 (1987)).




n68.  See id. § 13, 1988 Fla. Laws at 628 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.707 (1987)
).




n69.  Chapter 403 is the principal source of DER's statutory authority to
regulate the environment.  In addition to solid waste management, chapter 403
also addresses air pollution, surface and groundwater pollution, hazardous waste
management, protection of wetlands, and electric power plant siting.  See Fla.
Stat. ch. 403 (1987).




n70.  See ch. 88-130, § 3, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 606 (amending Fla. Stat. §
403.703 (1987)).




n71.  Id.




n72.  See Fla. Stat. § 403.703(7) (1987).




n73.  See ch. 88-130, § 3, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 606 (amending Fla. Stat. §
403.703 (1987)).




n74.  Id.




n75.  Id.




n76.  See id.




n77.  See id.




n78.  See id.  "Recyclable material" is defined to mean "those materials which
are capable of being recycled and which would otherwise be processed or disposed
of as solid waste." Id.  "Recovered materials" is defined to mean "those
materials which have known recycling potential, can be feasibly recycled, and
have been diverted or removed from the solid waste stream for sale, use or
reuse, by separation, collection, or processing." Id.




n79.  See id.  "Recycling" is defined to mean "any process by which solid waste,
or materials which would otherwise become solid waste, are collected, separated,
or processed and reused or returned to use in the form of raw materials or
products." Id.  "Resource recovery" is defined to mean "the process of
recovering materials or energy from solid waste, excluding those materials or
solid waste under control of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission." Id.




n80.  See id.




n81.  See id.  "Construction and demolition debris" is defined to mean:

   materials generally considered to be not water soluble and nonhazardous in
nature, including, but not limited to, steel, glass, brick, concrete, asphalt
roofing material, pipe, gypsum wallboard, and lumber, from the construction or
destruction of a structure as part of a construction or demolition project, and
including rocks, soils, tree remains, trees, and other vegetative matter which
normally results from land clearing or land development operations for a
construction project.  Mixing of construction and demolition debris with other
types of solid waste, including material from the construction or demolition
site which is not from the actual construction or destruction of a structure,
will cause it to be classified as other than construction and demolition debris.

   Id.

   "Clean debris" is defined to mean:

   any solid waste which is virtually inert and which is not a pollution threat
to groundwater or surface waters and is not a fire hazard and which is likely to
retain its physical and chemical structure under expected conditions of disposal
or use.  The term includes uncontaminated concrete, including imbedded pipe or
steel, brick, glass, ceramics, and other wastes designated by the department.

   Id.




n82.  See id.  "Special waste" is defined to mean "solid wastes that can require
special handling and management, including, but not limited to, white goods,
whole tires, used oil, matresses, furniture, lead-acid batteries, and biological
waste." Id.  "Sludge" is defined to mean "the accumulated solids, residues, and
precipitates generated as a result of waste treatment or processing, including
wastewater treatment, water supply treatment, or operation of an air pollution
control facility, and mixed liquids and solids pumped from septic tanks, grease
traps, privies, and similar waste disposal appurtenances." The term "white
goods" is defined to include "inoperative and discarded refrigerators, ranges,
water heaters, freezers, and other similar domestic and commercial large
appliances." Id.




n83.  See id.  "Biohazardous waste" is defined to mean:

   any solid waste or liquid waste which may present a threat of infection to
humans.  The term includes, but is not limited to, nonliquid human tissue and
body parts; laboratory and veterinary waste which contain human-disease-causing
agents; used disposable sharps; human blood, and human blood products and body
fluids; and other materials which in the opinion of the Department of Health and
Rehabilitative Services represent a significant risk of infection to persons
outside the generating facility.

   Id.

   "Biohazardous waste generator" is defined to mean "a facility or person that
produces or generates biohazardous waste.  The term includes, but is not limited
to, hospitals, skilled nursing or convalescent hospitals, intermediate care
facilities, clinics, dialysis clinics, dental offices, health maintenance
organizations, surgical clinics, medical buildings, physicians offices,
laboratories, veterinary clinics, and funeral homes." Id.  "Biological waste" is
defined to mean "solid waste that causes or has the capability of causing
disease or infection and includes, but is not limited to, biohazardous waste,
diseased or dead animals, and other wastes capable of transmitting pathogens to
humans or animals." Id.




n84.  See Morgantheau, Don't Go Near the Water, Newsweek, Aug. 1, 1988, at 42;
Toufexis, The Dirty Seas, Time, Aug. 1, 1988, at 43.




n85. " NIMBY" stands for "Not In My Backyard." Symptoms of the NIMBY syndrome
begin to appear in ordinary citizens upon their realization that waste disposal
capacity must be expanded.  People affected by the syndrome will challenge any
proposal to locate a recycling or waste disposal facility anywhere in their
immediate vicinity.  A recent outbreak of the NIMBY syndrome occurred when the
Florida Environmental Regulation Commission designated a site in Union County,
Florida, for construction and operation of a statewide multi-purpose hazardous
waste facility.  The affected citizens requested an administrative hearing to
contest the state's action.  See United Citizens Against Pollution, Inc. v.
Florida Dep't of Envtl. Reg., Div. of Admin. Hearings Case No. 2438 (May 6,
1988) (Petition for Formal Proceedings).




n86.  Ch. 88-130, § 13, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 628 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.707
(1987)).




n87.  Id.




n88. " Disposal" is defined to mean:

   the discharge, deposit, injection, dumping, spilling, leaking, or placing of
any solid waste or hazardous waste into or upon any land or water so that such
solid waste or hazardous waste or any constituent thereof may enter other lands
or be emitted into the air or discharged into any waters, including ground
waters, or otherwise enter the environment.

   Fla. Stat. § 403.703(19) (1987).




n89.  See ch. 88-130, § 13, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 628 (amending Fla. Stat. §
403.707 (1987)).




n90.  Id.




n91.  See Senate Select Committee Report, supra note 18, at 11.




n92.  For example, Senator Kirkpatrick contacted the Florida Petroleum Council
for assistance in drafting that portion of the Senate bill which addressed the
topic of "used oil." Telephone conversation with Robert W. McVety, Assoc. Dir.,
Florida Petroleum Council (Nov. 13, 1987) (memorandum on file, Florida State
University Law Review).




n93. " Used Oil" is defined to mean:

   any oil which has been refined from crude oil or synthetic oil and, as a
result of use, storage, or handling, has become unsuitable for its original
purpose due to the presence of impurities or loss of original properties, but
which may be suitable for further use and is economically recyclable.

   Ch. 88-130, § 25, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 643 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.75
(1987)).




n94.  See ch. 84-338, §§ 57-65, 1984 Fla. Laws 1917, 1949-53 (codified at Fla.
Stat. §§ 403.75-.759 (1987)).




n95.  Ch. 88-130, § 26, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 644 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.751
(1987)).




n96.  Id.




n97.  Id.




n98.  Id. § 33, 1988 Fla. Laws at 646 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 403.760 (Supp.
1988)).




n99.  Id. § 34, 1988 Fla. Laws at 647 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 403.761 (Supp.
1988)).




n100. " Used oil recycling facility" is defined as "any facility that recycles
more than 10,000 gallons of used oil annually." Id. § 25, 1988 Fla. Laws at 643
(amending Fla. Stat. § 403.75 (1987)).




n101.  See id. § 37, 1988 Fla. Laws at 649 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 403.769
(Supp. 1988)).




n102.  For the definition of "biohazardous waste," see supra note 83.




n103.  For the definition of "biological waste," see supra note 83.




n104.  See ch. 88-130, § 51, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 661 (codified at Fla. Stat. §
381.80 (Supp. 1988)).




n105.  See Fla. Stat. § 395.002(13)(c) (1987).




n106.  Fla. Stat. § 403.7045(3)(d) (1987).




n107.  Ch. 88-130, § 51, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 661 (codified at Fla. Stat. §
381.80 (Supp. 1988)).




n108.  Id.




n109.  Id.  See also DER memorandum from Rick Wilkins, supra note 35; Telephone
conversation with Steven Chick, Envtl. Specialist, Solid Waste/Resource Recovery
Group, Bur. of Waste Planning & Reg., Fla. Dep't of Envtl. Reg. (Oct. 7, 1988)
(memorandum on file, Florida State University Law Review).




n110.  See Senate Select Committee Report, supra note 18, at 54.




n111.  Ch. 88-130, § 15, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 631 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.708
(1987)).




n112.  Id.




n113.  Id.




n114.  See Senate Select Committee Report, supra note 18, at 69.




n115.  Id. at 69-70.




n116.  Id. at 69.




n117.  Id.




n118.  See ch. 88-130, § 41, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 651 (codified at Fla. Stat. §
403.717 (Supp. 1988)).




n119.  Id.




n120. " Waste tire site" is defined to mean "a site at which 1,000 or more whole
tires are accumulated." Id.




n121.  Id.  "Waste tire processing facility" is defined to mean "a site where
equipment is used to cut, burn, or otherwise alter whole waste tires so that
they are no longer whole." Id.




n122.  Id.  "Waste tire collection center" is defined to mean "a site where used
or waste tires are collected from the public prior to being offered for
recycling and where fewer than 1,000 tires are kept on the site on any given
day." Id.




n123.  Id. § 3, 1988 Fla. Laws at 606 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.703 (1987)).




n124.  Id. § 15, 1988 Fla. Laws at 631 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.708 (1987)).




n125.  Telephone conversation with Mike Levy, Manager, Legis. & Reg. Affairs,
Mobil Chemical Co., Fairfax, Va. (Oct. 7, 1988) [hereinafter conversation with
Mike Levy] (memorandum on file, Florida State University Law Review).  Mr. Levy
is also a member of the Society of Plastics Industry (SPI).  Members of SPI have
developed a wide variety of new products using degradable additives.




n126. " Degradable" is defined to refer to any material which "after being
discarded, is capable of decomposing to components other than heavy metals or
other toxic substances, after exposure to bacteria, light, or outdoor elements."
Ch. 88-130, § 15, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 631 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.708 (1987)
).




n127.  Id.




n128.  Id.




n129.  Id.




n130.  Id.




n131.  Id.




n132.  Id.




n133.  Id.




n134.  See conversation with Mike Levy, supra note 125.




n135.  Ch. 88-130, § 15, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 631 (amending Fla. Stat. §
403.708(1987)).




n136.  For the definition of "recovered materials," see supra note 78.




n137.  Ch. 88-130, § 8, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 616 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.7045
(1987)).




n138.  See Fla. Container Deposit, Litter Control and Recycling Study Comm.,
Report to the Fla. Legislature (Mar. 17, 1986) (on file with H.R. Comm. on
Envtl. Reg.).




n139.  See ch. 88-130, § 72, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 685 (codified at Fla. Stat. §
403.7197 (Supp. 1988)).




n140.  Id.




n141.  Id.




n142.  Id.




n143.  Id.  The "refund value" is set forth in section 73 of the Act.  See id. §
73, 1988 Fla. Laws at 687 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 403.7198 (Supp. 1988)).




n144.  See id. § 17, 1988 Fla. Laws at 634 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.709 (1987)
).




n145.  Id.




n146.  See id. § 18, 1988 Fla. Laws at 635 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 403.7095
(Supp. 1988)).




n147.  See id.




n148.  See id.




n149.  See id. § 9, 1988 Fla. Laws at 618 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 403.7049
(Supp. 1988)).




n150.  See id.




n151.  CS for CS for HB 1487 Staff Analysis, supra note 2, at 34.




n152.  See ch. 88-130, § 83, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 696.




n153.  See id. § 74, 1988 Fla. Laws at 689 (amending Fla. Stat. § 212.12 (1987)
).




n154.  See id. § 76, 1988 Fla. Laws at 692 (amending Fla. Stat. § 212.18 (1987)
).




n155.  See Conference Committee Report, supra note 23, at 947.




n156.  See id.




n157.  See id.




n158.  Staff of Fla. S. Comm. on Fin., Tax. & Claims, Funding Options for Solid
Waste Management (May 3, 1988) (internal committee memorandum) (on file with
committee).




n159.  Id.




n160.  Id.




n161.  Id.




n162.  See ch. 88-130, § 18, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 635 (codified at Fla. Stat. §
403.7095 (Supp. 1988)).




n163.  Id.




n164.  Id.




n165.  Id.  The Legislature recognized that compliance with DER solid waste
regulatory requirements and the provisions of the Act would most likely be
particularly difficult for many of Florida's smaller counties with a narrow, and
sometimes dwindling, tax base.




n166.  Id.  The Legislature recognized that one of the most basic devices
necessary for a determination of solid waste disposal volume and corresponding
costs at sanitary landfills is a set of weighing scales.  DER Secretary
Twachtmann has called this component of the Solid Waste Management Act the "cash
register" for the site.  The Act makes the purchase or maintenance of such a
device a high priority for small counties.  Conversation with William H.
Hinkley, supra note 49.




n167.  Ch. 88-130, § 18, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 635 (codified at Fla. Stat. §
403.7095 (Supp. 1988)).




n168.  See id.




n169.  Id.




n170.  Id.




n171.  See id.




n172.  See id.




n173.  Id. § 83, 1988 Fla. Laws at 696; id. § 18, 1988 Fla. Laws at 635.




n174.  CS for CS for SB 1192 Staff Analysis, supra note 3, at 18.




n175.  Id. at 17.




n176.  See supra notes 28-31 and accompanying text.




n177.  Ch. 88-130, § 10, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 619 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.705
(1987)).




n178.  Id.




n179.  Id.




n180.  Id.




n181.  Id.




n182.  Id.




n183.  Id. § 6, 1988 Fla. Laws at 612 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.704 (1987)).




n184.  Id.




n185.  See Fla. Admin. Code R. 17-7.001 to .130 (Sept. 1988).




n186.  Conversation with William H. Hinkley, supra note 49.




n187.  See Fla. Dep't of Envtl. Reg. Memorandum, Rules Required in 1988
Legislation 1 [hereinafter Rules Required in 1988 Legislation] (on file, Florida
State University Law Review).  See also ch. 88-130, § 8, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 616
(amending Fla. Stat. § 403.7045 (1987)) (authority for rulemaking).




n188.  Ch. 88-130, § 8, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 616 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.7045
(1987)).




n189.  See id. § 18, 1988 Fla. Laws at 635 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 403.7095
(Supp. 1988)).




n190.  See Rules Required in 1988 Legislation, supra note 187, at 2.




n191.  Ch. 88-130, § 18, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 635 (codified at Fla. Stat. §
403.7095(7)(c) (Supp. 1988)).




n192.  See id.




n193.  Ch. 88-130, § 35, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 648 (codified at Fla. Stat. §
403.763 (Supp. 1988)).




n194.  Id. § 41, 1988 Fla. Laws at 651 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 403.717 (Supp.
1988)).




n195.  Id. § 43, 1988 Fla. Laws at 654 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 403.719 (Supp.
1988)).




n196.  Id. § 21, 1988 Fla. Laws at 641 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.714 (1987)).




n197.  DER memorandum from Rick Wilkins, supra note 35.




n198.  See ch. 88-130, § 18, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 635 (codified at Fla. Stat. §
403.7095 (Supp. 1988)).




n199.  See Fla. Admin. Code R. 17-7.400 to .440 (Sept. 1988).




n200.  See Rules Required in 1988 Legislation, supra note 187, at 3.  See also
ch. 88-130, § 23, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 643 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.715 (1987))
(authority for rulemaking).




n201.  See Fla. Admin. Code R. 17-7.410, .510, .610 (Sept. 1988).




n202.  See Rules Required in 1988 Legislation, supra note 187, at 3.  See also
ch. 88-130, § 3, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 606 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.703 (1987))
(authority for rulemaking); id. § 25, 1988 Fla. Laws at 643 (amending Fla. Stat.
§ 403.75 (1987)) (authority for rulemaking).




n203.  Ch. 88-130, § 9, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 618 (codified at Fla. Stat. §
403.7049 (Supp. 1988)).




n204.  Id.




n205.  Id. § 40, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 650 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 403.7125
(Supp. 1988)).




n206.  Id.




n207.  Id. § 6, 1988 Fla. Laws at 612 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.704 (1987)).




n208.  Id.




n209.  Id. § 51, 1988 Fla. Laws at 661 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 381.80 (Supp.
1988)).




n210.  See id. § 7, 1988 Fla. Laws at 615 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 403.7043
(Supp. 1988)).




n211.  Id.




n212.  Id.




n213.  Id. § 39, 1988 Fla. Laws at 649 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 403.716 (Supp.
1988)).




n214.  Id.




n215.  Id.




n216.  Fla. Admin. Code R. 17-7 (Sept. 1988).




n217.  See Rules Required in 1988 Legislation, supra note 187, at 2.  See also
ch. 88-130, § 15, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 631 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.708 (1987))
(authority for rulemaking).




n218.  Ch. 88-130, § 15, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 631 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.708
(1987)).




n219.  Id. § 26, 1988 Fla. Laws at 644 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.751 (1987)).




n220.  Id. § 16, 1988 Fla. Laws at 634 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 403.7085 (Supp.
1988)).




n221.  Id. § 15, 1988 Fla. Laws at 631 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.708 (1987)).




n222.  See id. § 33, 1988 Fla. Laws at 646 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 403.760
(Supp. 1988)).




n223.  See id. § 34, 1988 Fla. Laws at 647 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 403.761
(Supp. 1988)).




n224.  See id. § 28, 1988 Fla. Laws at 645 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.754 (1987)
).




n225.  See id. § 36, 1988 Fla. Laws at 648 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 403.767
(Supp. 1988)).




n226.  See Rules Required in 1988 Legislation, supra note 187, at 2.  See also
ch. 88-130, § 13, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 628 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.707 (1987))
(authority for rulemaking).




n227.  See Rules Required in 1988 Legislation, supra note 187, at 3.  See also
ch. 88-130, § 37, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 649 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 403.769
(Supp. 1988)) (authority for rulemaking).




n228.  See Rules Required in 1988 Legislation, supra note 187, at 3.  See also
ch. 88-130, § 41, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 651 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 403.707
(Supp. 1988)) (authority for rulemaking).  The "waste tire" rules will be
codified at Rule 17-711 of the Florida Administrative Code.  See 14 Fla. Admin.
W. 4338 (Nov. 4, 1988).




n229.  See Rules Required in 1988 Legislation, supra note 187, at 2.  See also
ch. 88-130, § 13, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 628 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.707 (1987))
(authority for rulemaking).




n230.  See Rules Required in 1988 Legislation, supra note 187, at 4.  See also
ch. 88-130, § 80, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 695 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.7221(1)
(1987)) (authority for rulemaking).




n231.  Ch. 88-130, § 8, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 616 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.745
(1987)).




n232.  See Rules Required in 1988 Legislation, supra note 187, at 3.  See also
ch. 88-130, § 71, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 683 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 403.7195
(Supp. 1988)) (authority for rulemaking).




n233.  See Rules Required in 1988 Legislation, supra note 187, at 3.  See also
ch. 88-130, § 72, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 685 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 403.7197
(Supp. 1988)) (authority for rulemaking).




n234.  See Rules Required in 1988 Legislation, supra note 187, at 3.  See also
ch. 88-130, § 73, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 687 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 403.7198
(Supp. 1988)) (authority for rulemaking).




n235.  See Rules Required in 1988 Legislation, supra note 187, at 3.  See also
ch. 88-130, § 72, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 685 (codified at Fla. Stat. §
403.7197(4)(a) (Supp. 1988)) (authority for rulemaking).




n236.  Ch. 88-130, § 73, 1988 Fla. Laws 599, 687 (codified at Fla. Stat. §
403.7198 (Supp. 1988)).




n237.  Id.




n238.  Id. § 6, 1988 Fla. Laws at 612 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.704 (1987)).




n239.  Id.




n240.  Id.




n241.  Id. § 60, 1988 Fla. Laws at 673.




n242.  Id. § 10, 1988 Fla. Laws at 651 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 403.705 (1987)
).




n243.  Id. § 41, 1988 Fla. Laws at 651 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 403.717 (Supp.
1988)).




n244.  Id. § 44, 1988 Fla. Laws at 654 (amending Fla. Stat. § 159.945 (1987)).




n245.  Id. § 45, 1988 Fla. Laws at 655 (amending Fla. Stat. § 240.539 (1987)).




n246.  Id. § 50, 1988 Fla. Laws at 660 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 240.5325 (Supp.
1988)).  This research project and others will be coordinated by the new Florida
Center for Solid and Hazardous Waste Management, located at the University of
Florida in Gainesville, Florida.  Telephone conversation with Dr. James O.
Bryant, Jr., Dir., Fla. Center for Solid and Hazardous Waste Mgt., Gainesville,
Fla. (Dec. 13, 1988) (memorandum on file, Florida State University Law Review).




n247.  Id. § 73, 1988 Fla. Laws at 687 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 403.7198 (Supp.
1988)).




n248.  Id. § 55, 1988 Fla. Laws at 666 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 403.4131 (Supp.
1988)); id. § 56, 1988 Fla. Laws at 417 (amending Fla. Stat. § 403.413 (1987)).




n249.  Id. § 49, 1988 Fla. Laws at 659 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 336.044 (Supp.
1988)).




n250.  Id.




n251.  Id. § 59, 1988 Fla. Laws at 673.




n252.  Id. § 61, 1988 Fla. Laws at 673 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 403.7165 (Supp.
1988)).




n253.  Id. § 48, 1988 Fla. Laws at 657 (codified at Fla. Stat. § 287.045 (Supp.
1988)).




n254.  Fla. Stat. ch. 120 (1987).




n255.  Although this topic was addressed by the Senate Committee on Natural
Resources & Conservation in an early draft of a predecessor to the bill
ultimately under consideration, see Fla. S. Comm. on Nat. Resources & Conser.,
Draft 8, § 40 (Feb. 26, 1988), this topic is not addressed in the bill as
finally enacted.  See Fla. CS for CS for SB 1192 (1988) (Enrolled).


                              523 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                            May 26, 1999, Wednesday

Where there's muck there's brass

SECTION: FEATURES; GENERAL; Pg. 7; NEWS REVIEW

LENGTH: 452 words


Waste Management is New Zealand's largest rubbish firm and it has an impressive
financial record.

The old adage of "where there's muck there's brass" is true for Waste Management
New Zealand. Since its first full year in 1991, the country's largest waste
company has had an impressive financial record.

Its 1998 annual report showed increased after-tax profit, revenue, and share
dividend. That followed a record of double-digit percentage profit growth.

Its 60 per cent shareholder is the United States' Waste Management Inc, which in
July 1998, merged with USA Waste Inc in a stock deal valued at about $ 27
billion. The deal created the US's premier rubbish company -- the two companies
had a combined revenue in 1997 of almost $ 24b.

But WMI's record has created much interest among watchdog groups in the US and
here.

A Tennessee federal judge once said of a WMI subsidiary: "Fraud,
misrepresentation, and dishonesty apparently became part of the culture of the
defendant corporation". He ordered the company to pay $ 91.5 million for trying
to "cheat" developers of the US's largest hazardous waste dump out of part of
their share of the dump's revenue.

In another case when the state of Indiana refused to issue a permit to a WMI
subsidiary in 1997, Carl Miller, an associate attorney for the city of New
Haven, Indiana, said the state "would have to grant a permit to Satan before
they could grant a permit to this outfit".

According to a 1991 county sheriff's report, WMI and its subsidiaries were fined
more than $ 300m in criminal, anti-trust civil, environmental civil, and
administrative cases in the US between 1970 and 1998.

WMNZ's general manager Kim Ellis says despite WMI's 60 per cent shareholding,
WMNZ is an autonomous company and he had "no concerns about the perceptions of
how the company has performed here in New Zealand".

Mr Ellis said because WMNZ was the largest waste company in New Zealand it was a
"tall poppy and so we are sensitive to the way we operate".

WMNZ owns and operates a landfill near Albany, north of Auckland, which Mr Ellis
said had won three significant environmental awards and was "regarded as the
premier facility in New Zealand by the Government, councils, and regulatory
authorities".

Indeed, a spokeswoman for the Auckland Regional Council said the landfill was
"the best managed of those we monitor".

Mr Ellis emphasised that WMNZ was only a 25 per cent shareholder in the
Canterbury landfill that would be half- owned by local councils and be subject
to close scrutiny by regulatory authorities.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Wine and noses: those in home of the vineyards are kicking up a stink about
rubbish.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 Fairfax New Zealand


                              524 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                The News-Gazette

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                             March 31, 2006 Friday

University of Illinois business school boosting ethics studies

BYLINE: Don Dodson, The News-Gazette, Champaign-Urbana, Ill.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 532 words


Mar. 31--CHAMPAIGN -- The University of Illinois College of Business plans to
beef up its ethics curriculum, thanks to two $4 million grants from the Deloitte
Foundation and the U.S. District Court in Northern Illinois.

The college announced plans Thursday to establish a Center for Professional
Responsibilities in Business and Society.

The center will incorporate "responsibility-based modules" into business
courses, then work to expand those modules across campus and to other
universities.

The center also plans to bring in speakers who will address issues of
professional responsibility and accountability.

"We are grateful to judge Wayne Andersen of the U.S. District Court for his
vision and confidence in the college in launching this initiative," said Avijit
Ghosh, dean of the business college.

Ghosh also thanked Deloitte & Touche USA, which sponsors the not-for-profit
Deloitte Foundation. Deloitte & Touche, which has auditing and consulting
businesses, is a major employer of UI accounting, engineering and business
administration graduates.

The federal court grant stems from penalties imposed in a Securities & Exchange
Commission suit against five former officers of Waste Management Inc. The
officers were accused of management fraud, namely inflating earnings between
1992 and 1997.

Waste Management's auditor at the time, Arthur Andersen, was accused of helping
the company perpetrate the scheme and ended up paying a $7 million fine to
settle an SEC suit.

Sharon Allen, chairman of the board of Deloitte & Touche, was on campus Thursday
to announce the Deloitte grant and deliver a lecture on "Leadership, Integrity
and the Changing Business Environment."

In a prepared statement, she alluded to "questions of professional integrity
that businesses have faced in recent years" and said they serve as a reminder
that ethical issues continually need to be addressed.

In comments to The News-Gazette before the lecture, Allen said she believes
maintaining a healthy balance between life and work can also help ethical lapses
from occurring.

"It really helps you make good decisions about work," she said, noting that she
makes a commitment to being home on Friday nights for "date night" with her
husband of 33 years.

Allen noted that Deloitte already has launched a multiyear campaign to raise $2
million for a 275-seat Deloitte Auditorium in the new College of Business
building.

Groundbreaking for that building, at the southwest corner of Sixth Street and
Gregory Drive, is scheduled for April 28.

Also bearing the Deloitte name will be an endowed position to which the director
of the new center will be appointed.

The company will also lend its name to annual symposiums at the UI on
professional responsibility.

The UI has nearly 650 alumni working at Deloitte, including 63 partners and 23
firm directors.

To see more of The News-Gazette, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.news-gazette.com. Copyright (c) 2006, The News-Gazette,
Champaign-Urbana, Ill. Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News. For
information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511 (U.S.),
(213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060331-CM-BIZ-ETHICS-20060331

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CM


                        Copyright 2006 The News-Gazette


                              525 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                               Leicester Mercury

                                 April 12, 1999

Environment: Waste Disposal and Recycling

SECTION: Environment: Waste Disposal and Recycling, Pg.4

LENGTH: 254 words


Grant helps green drive

A GREEN charity in Leicester is taking one step closer to improving the city's
environment thanks to the help of a waste services group which has donated more
than GBP 80,000.

The "no-waste" deal has been set up thanks to a grant of GBP 82,544 from
Biffaward, a multi-million pound environmental fund set up by Biffa Waste
Services.

Environ, the charity which works to improve the environment, will now use the
money to undertake a variety of projects exploring the zero emissions process.

Highlight

It is hoped that it can move industry away from the idea that waste is
inevitable and highlight the fact that it can be minimised through partial or
total re-use.

The zero emissions process uses the waste product and recycles it to a new raw
material.

Biffa Services, which provides waste collection services across the UK, set up
the fund to help finance environmental and heritage projects.

Martin Bettington, chairman of Biffaward, said: "The notion that waste doesn't
exist is a fascinating and very productive avenue to explore.

"Businesses turning waste into a product to pass on is a very significant step
towards sustainability."

Free lecture

A SPECIAL lecture on the history of religions, hosted by Leicester University's
Department of History, is to take place next month.

In conjunction with the Leicester Sikh Welfare and Cultural Society, the lecture
will centre on the Khalsa in Sikh Tradition.

Professor Grewal of the University of Wisconsin will head the free lecture on
May 12.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                        Copyright 1999 Leicester Mercury


                              526 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            May 12, 1999, Wednesday

County offers tire disposal today

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 103 words

DATELINE: LECANTO



Citrus County Division of Solid Waste Management offers a program to residents
for free disposal of used tires on designated days.

This program has continued for 10 years with assistance from a Florida
Department of Environmental Protection grant.

Used tires are recycled and used as a fuel supplement in an electricity
generating plant.

Up to five passenger car or small truck tires will be accepted for free disposal
on the following dates this year: Today, June 7-12, July 14, Aug. 11, Sept.
7-11, Oct. 13, Nov. 1O, Dec. 6-11.

For information, call the Division of Solid Waste Management at 746-5000.


LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              527 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 20, 1992, Friday, Late Edition - Final

COMPANY NEWS;
Holders Sue Chambers

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 3; Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 253 words

DATELINE: PITTSBURGH, March 19


Shareholders of the Chambers Development Company have filed a class-action
lawsuit against the waste-management business, accusing company officials of
lying about finances.

The suburban Pittsburgh company, meanwhile, confirmed today that it was being
investigated by Federal securities regulators and options exchange officials.

Chambers class A stock took a severe hit on Wednesday, plummeting nearly $20 a
share to $11.125 on the American Stock Exchange after the company announced an
accounting change would nearly wipe out 1991 profits.

Revised earnings for the year were put at 3 cents a share instead of an initial
estimate of 83 cents a share.

The stock fell 50 cents a share yesterday to close at $10.625.

The shareholders claim that Chambers executives falsely painted a rosy picture
of the company's financial position and growth potential as recently as
February. The suit names as defendants the company, its chairman, John G. Rangos
Sr., his sons and other executives.

A Chambers spokesman, Jim Leonard, said today that the company was aware of the
suit but had not seen it and could not comment.

Also accused of making fraudulent statements about Chambers' financial health
was Grant Thornton, the accounting firm that audited Chambers' books.

A Grant Thornton spokesman did not immediately return a telephone call yesterday
seeking comment.

"We're going to cooperate and we're doing an investigation now to see if there
were any employees that sold their stock," Mr. Leonard said.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              528 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   March 15, 1993, MONDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

TOXIC-DISPOSAL PROGRAM PLANNED; CITY, WASTE MANAGEMENT DISTRICT WOULD PROMOTE,
IMPLEMENT PLAN

BYLINE: Linda Billingsly Post-Dispatch Special Correspondent

SECTION: ZONE NORTH; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 238 words


The City of Olivette hopes to join with the St. Louis/Jefferson County Solid
Waste Management District in an effort to encourage residents to get rid of
flammable and toxic liquids.

The City Council recently voted unanimously to apply for a recycling and
waste-reduction grant program through the Missouri Department of Natural
Resources. City Administrator Gerald Feldman said that St. Louis County would
actually contract for the removal of items and that Olivette would promote the
program within the city through booklets and newsletters.

Feldman said the pilot program sought to reduce solid waste in homes by 40
percent by 1998. Solid waste includes paints, motor oil and flammable liquids,
he said. The county will determine how the program will actually work, but it
could involve picking up some items, such as paint, at the curb, he said.

Solid waste manager for the St. Louis County Health Department, Joan Bradford,
said the program would start with paint only. Because the program is expensive,
cost will determine how it is expanded, she said.

The program will also focus on educating the public about reducing hazardous
wastes within the home, Bradford said. The program remains in the planning
stages, and there is no set time for it to begin, she said.

Feldman said the city would seek to promote the program in schools through the
use of county-distributed brochures and booklets.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              529 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 18, 2013 Wednesday

US Contract Award: Department of Justice grants Federal Contract worth
$92,400.00 for "Solid Waste Disposal/Landfill Services "

LENGTH: 115  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Justice,Bureau of Prisons, has granted federal contract (No.
DJBP0615NP110001) on September  18, 2013 for "Solid Waste Disposal/Landfill
Services" to Waste Management, Inc., The total value of the contract is
$92,400.00

Contractor Award Details: 1001 Fannin Street
Suite 4000
Houston , Texas 77002-6711
United States

Point of Contact:

Tammy L. Coffield ,
Contract Specialist
tcoffield@bop.gov
Phone: 520-574-7137
Fax: 520-574-7119

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=form&id=d802c2e98d0f387946283e93031
cbc75&tab=core&_cview=1. In case of any query regarding this article or other
content needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              530 of 995 DOCUMENTS


           The Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 31, 2009 Tuesday

Moore out, Grooms in for Clark County Solid Waste District: Change in leadership
comes after barbs between commissioner, Jeffersonville mayor at meeting

BYLINE: Matt Koesters, The Evening News and the Tribune, Jeffersonville, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1086 words


Mar. 31--The Clark County Solid Waste Management District Board made a personnel
move at its special Monday meeting. But it wasn't the one members were expected
-- or expecting -- to make.

With Executive Director Sharon Marra's paid suspension set to expire, the board
voted to extend the suspension until Friday when it holds an executive session
at 3:30 p.m. to meet with Marra and her attorney, David Lewis, to discuss
personnel matters and potential litigation. The board will have a public meeting
following at 4:15 p.m. that day.

Instead, they gave Jeffersonville city councilman and board member Ron Grooms
the board presidency.

The move came after a series of verbal -- and sometimes personal -- sparring
matches between County Commissioner and then-Board President Mike Moore and
Jeffersonville Mayor Tom Galligan, who questioned Moore's leadership skills.

Galligan put the focus on Moore when Moore implied he believed the board was
leaning toward preserving Marra as executive director because of her family's
political clout.

"I have to question why this board exists if there's a fear of political
retaliation if we do something," Moore said, but was interrupted by laughter
from Galligan. "I'm glad you find it funny, mayor."

"Most everything you do is funny, because there's no political retaliation on
anybody," Galligan said. "I've never had any. Has anybody here had political
retaliation threatened?"

The other board members remained silent.

"There it is," Galligan said. "That's some more of your hyperboles."

Moore has been a strong opponent of continuing Marra's employment with the solid
waste district. In an e-mail to other board members two weeks ago, Galligan
proposed keeping Marra on at a reduced rate to administer grants and education
programs for the district, but not run the actual facility, which collects
recycling and household hazardous waste.

"Tom, are you going to say we don't have some serious problems [at the solid
waste district]?" Moore asked.

"Yeah, I'll say we have some serious problems with you," Galligan replied. "Your
leadership has not been very good."

"You know, I would hand over the presidency to you if you would like to have
it," Moore shot back.

"Well, to be quite frank with you, I really don't want it," Galligan said. "But
rather than have you have it, I'd take it."

"I'll make a motion to put Tom Galligan in as president of the solid waste
district," Moore said. "Can I get a second?"

But there was no second to be had, including from Galligan.

"Have you already worked this out?" Moore asked Galligan.

"No," Galligan said. "If I'd worked it out, I'd be president. I'm not that
stupid."

The board went on to discuss other matters, but near the end of the meeting,
Galligan made a motion of his own, nominating board member and Jeffersonville
Councilman Ron Grooms to be the board's new president. Moore immediately
seconded the motion and it passed without opposition.

"Ron will make a very good president," Moore said after the meeting.

Grooms discussed the challenges facing the board after the meeting. He said he
recognized that help is needed at the district's facility along Ind. 62 in
Charlestown, but the district looks to be headed for a $15,000 budget shortfall
by the end of the year. Generating revenue while keeping operating expenses down
will be the board's challenge going forward, he said.

"Asking the municipalities to contribute more would not be very popular, believe
me," Grooms said.

One part-time employee, one full-time clerical worker and the executive director
staff the solid waste district facility. The total personnel budget for 2009 is
about $80,000.

IN OTHER BUSINESS

--The board discussed a report on a March 9 site visit to the district facility
conducted by representatives of the Indiana Department of Environmental
Management, or IDEM. The report, filed by IDEM Senior Environmental Manager
Scott Anslinger on Thursday, states that while there were problems with proper
intake and labeling of household hazardous waste materials in Marra's absence,
the biggest problem at the district is the lack of staffing.

"The collection facility did not have sufficient staff to properly meet the
needs of the program," the report reads.

The report states that when the IDEM representatives were on site, all but three
of about 20 55-gallon drums stored behind the facility were empty, and the three
that contained liquid had not been emptied because the caps could not be
removed.

The district's problems stem from staffing, management and communication,
according to the report.

"This report does not show that anybody did anything hurtful," Galligan said.
"Maybe we were too good at what we were doing and had too much recycling there.
You had one person working 30 hours a week in that warehouse, and that's not
enough to get enough things done."

However, IDEM representative Steven Boggs told Moore, Grooms and board member
Barb Hollis that Marra had done an excellent job of administering grants at a
March 11, according to the report.

"Ms. Marra has done a good job of trying to manage what she has," Grooms said at
the meeting. "She has not done a good job of delegating some of the workload up
there. It's just not been a good situation, and I probably have to blame myself
for not asking more questions, making myself familiar with some of the problems
up there.

"There's been no clear direction to Ms. Marra from this board over the last few
years," Grooms said.

Board member and Commissioner Les Young said he felt problems at the site are
"nothing that can't be corrected." However, he admonished Marra for not coming
to the board to tell them about problems at the site directly.

"There is some places we can definitely improve," Young said, "and if money's
the problem, I don't mind giving money to somebody or to some situation as long
as it gets spent right. It's just a little bit disorganized."

--The board voted 5-1 against increasing recycling pickup from once every two
weeks to once per week at the Rolling Ridge subdivision in Jeffersonville.
Galligan voted for the measure.

To see more of The Evening News and The Tribune, or to subscribe to the
newspapers, go to http://www.news-tribune.net. Copyright (c) 2009, The Evening
News and the Tribune, Jeffersonville, Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090331-JB-Moore-out-Grooms-in-for-Clark-County-Solid-Waste
-District-0331

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JB


                                 Copyright 2009


                              531 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                     Watani

                                January 22, 2017

EU supports solid waste management in Egypt

BYLINE: Antoun Milad

LENGTH: 336  words


The Egyptian National Solid Waste Management Programme investment

component, funded by the European Union (EU), was reently launched. The EU

support will address some of the pressing issues in the sector by supporting

concrete actions, investing a total of 20 million Euros as a grant out of the
total

project budget amounting to 61 million Euros. The other 41 million Euros will be

provided by the KFW, German Technical Cooperation (GIZ) and Swiss

Cooperation and the Government of Egypt.

During the opening ceremony of, Reinhold Brender Chargé d'Affaires a.i. of the

EU Delegation to Egypt, stressed that future of waste management lies in
circular

economy, where almost nothing is wasted. Re-use and remanufacturing is standard

practice, and sustainability is built into the fabric of that society, where
there is less

waste to deal with, and more is generated from limited resources. He added that
the

EU is glad to support Egypt for its improved solid waste management as key step

in direction towards circular economy.

The 'National Solid Waste Management Programme', contains a comprehensive

set of measures ranging from institutional reform and development of policy and

legislation, to investment programming and implementation, professional capacity

development, improving services and facilities in four pilot governorates of
Kafr

al-Sheikh, Gharbiya, Assiut and Qena.

2

The action aims to provide a significant contribution to the sustainable
protection

of the environment, to protect natural resources and to reduce health risks for
the

population of Egypt. The envisaged actions include construction and
rehabilitation

of solid waste management facilities such as recycling, composting plants,
transfer

stations, landfills, other solid waste infrastructure required for an integrated
waste

management system. The programme will also support the closure and

rehabilitation of existing uncontrolled dumpsites.

Watani International

22 January 2017

Watani ® All Rights Reserved.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/333/1084/48/148512322708.jpg



LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1084


                             Copyright 2017 Watani.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              532 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                              April 7, 2006 Friday

WEEKENDER: environment;
Boracay complies with garbage management

BYLINE: Jeehan V. Fernandez

SECTION: Pg. S3/8

LENGTH: 443 words


Boracay - The local government unit of Barangay Balabag, one of the three
villages on the famous resort island of Boracay, has established a material
recovery facility in compliance with the Ecological Solid Waste Management Act
of 2000.

Glenn Sacapano, village chief, said the facility has been operating smoothly
since Jan. 15, about a month before the Feb. 16 deadline set by the Department
of Environment and Natural Resources (DENR). He said Barangay Balabag, which is
located in the central portion of the island and host of several tourism-related
businesses, is working at improving its waste disposal system.

The five-hectare materials recovery facility (MRF) serves as the temporary
storage of recyclable garbage as well as composting area for biodegradable
wastes.

"Some 80% of the residents and 90% of business establishments have been
complying with the segregation policy. The wastes collected are being brought to
the MRF for recycling and composting," Mr. Sacapano said.

He said they received a grant of P250,000 from the Boracay Chamber of Commerce
and Industry Inc. (BCCI) for the improvement of the facility, which was used to
be made up of bamboo.

The chamber, which represents 37 member resorts and establishments, is
implementing the P4-million "Eco-Education Campaign and Material Recovery
Facility Project for the Residents and Tourism-Related Establishments in Boracay
Island" with the help of the Private Enterprise Accelerated Resource Linkages,
Phase II (Pearl 2), of the Canadian International Development Agency (CIDA). The
project aims to gather all stakeholders to implement ecologically sound solid
waste management which will contribute to the sustainability and viability of
Boracay as a tourism destination.

The project uses the following strategies: information and education campaign;
capability building; establishment of materials recovery facility for each of
the three villages on the island; holding of an annual event to reward
establishments with the best solid waste management system; and holding of the
same event that promotes environmental awareness among students.

Jeorge D. Billedo, BCCI's communication officer, said the project also provided
Barangay Balabag a mini-dump truck as well as two chipping and shredding
machines for processing of waste into compost.

"Income from selling recyclable materials and organic fertilizers will be used
to self-sustain the MRF and the profit will be allotted to finance the expansion
of the facility," Mr. Sacapano said.

Part of the plan is to develop a model organic vegetable farm to encourage the
vermiculture scheme being adopted at the barangay level as a livelihood program.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2006 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              533 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             April 16, 1999, Friday

Schedule set for free tire disposal

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 104 words

DATELINE: LECANTO



Citrus County Division of Solid Waste Management offers a program to residents
for free disposal of used tires on designated days.

This program has continued for 10 years with assistance from a Florida
Department of Environmental Protection grant.

Used tires are recycled and used as a fuel supplement in an electricity
generating plant.

Up to five passenger car or small truck tires will be accepted for free disposal
on the following dates this year: May 12, June 7-12, July 14, Aug. 11, Sept.
7-11, Oct. 13, Nov. 1O, Dec. 6-11.

For information, call the Division of Solid Waste Management at 746-5000.


LOAD-DATE: April 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              534 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    March 2, 1992, MONDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

USE OF MONEY 'EARNED' BY TRASH GENERATES CONCERN OUTFLOWING DOLLARS ESTIMATED;
MORE THAN $170,000 A YEAR

BYLINE: Lisha Gayle Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: ZONE NORTH; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1211 words


For years, a stream of trash has been flowing out of St. Charles County and into
landfills in St. Louis County. For the past 17 months, the trash flow has been
accompanied by a stream of revenue - money that local officials could use for
projects such as recycling.  The number of outflowing dollars is unclear, state
officials say. But one estimate based on the volume of trash puts the amount at
more than $170, 000 a year.  The outflowing dollars could become important in
the future, when the state distributes money for local projects to reduce the
flow of trash to landfill.  State officials have not yet written rules for
awarding money to local districts. But local officials say the money could go
toward: Programs to teach children the habit of recycling.  Grants to help sell
products made out of recycled material.  Advice from professional solid-waste
planners.  St. Charles County's outflowing trash has come to mean outflowing
dollars, because of new forces on the economics of trash flow.  Under the old
system, when St. Charles County's trash haulers needed a place to unload, most
of them looked to St. Louis County to provide exactly what they wanted -
adequate landfill space within a short distance. For years, that eastward flow
was been the cheapest and easiest path for most trash to take.  But today, fees,
boundary lines and surcharges have un leashed new forces on the economics of
trash flow.  The fees and boundary lines come from a solid-waste law enacted two
years ago. The law set a statewide goal: reduce the amount of waste going to
landfills by 40 percent by 1998.  The law's fees and boundary lines work
together, allowing the state to collect a pool of money from landfill operators
and send some of the money back to be used by local government officials.
Here's how it works: The state collects tipping fees from operators of landfills
and waste transfer stations. The fees range from $1 to $1.50 for each ton of
trash.  The more trash, the more money collected.  When the time comes to
distribute the money, state officials will pay attention to the boundary lines.
The lines cluster neighboring counties together in ''solid waste management
districts.'' St. Charles County is in the East Central Solid Waste Management,
along with Franklin, Lincoln, Warren and Montgomery counties.  Meanwhile, St.
Louis County joined last month in a district with Jefferson County and St.
Louis.  The upshot is that a boundary line has come to separate St. Charles
County from St. Louis County.  For waste management districts, ''The more
landfills you have, the more money you'll get,'' said Kathy Weinsaft, a top
waste planner for the state's Department of Natural Resources.  For St. Louis
County, which has five large landfills, the amount collected in state tipping
fees was about $3.5 million last year.  For St. Charles County, which has no
landfills, the amount collected was zero.  The solid waste law can work against
St. Charles County, because the tipping fees are a factor in the amount
residents pay on their trash bills, authorities say.  Said Weinsaft: ''Money
that St. Charles County is paying is going to be utilized by the district that
St. Louis County is in.'' But St. Charles County deliberately fought to be in a
district separate from St. Louis County, even after state planners proposed two
years ago to keep the two counties together.  Instead, St. Charles County
officials said they they preferred joining with four exurban and rural counties.
These counties' contribution to the relationship could include space for a
landfill, while St. Charles County's contribution could be a waste stream with a
volume great enough to support a processing plant, officials said.  St. Charles
County officials argued that they had more in common with the rural counties and
had a strong working relationship with the rural officials.  And importantly,
St. Charles County officials feared losing political clout if combined with St.
Louis and St. Louis County.  In St. Louis County, that decision seemed illogical
to Lee Brotherton, special assistant to County Executive George ''Buzz''
Westfall. Brotherton contends that St. Charles County and St. Louis County
belong together in a district because they are linked by a natural flow of
waste.  For St. Charles County to be sending most of its trash to a different
region is ''not an ideal situation,'' acknowledged St. Charles Associate County
Commissioner Paul Schnare of the Eastern District.  But he and Associate
Commissioner William Luetkenhaus, of the Western District, said that the
boundary lines would become more advantageous as changes evolved in the handling
of solid waste.  Among the changes are the possibilities that St. Charles County
would be the site for: A new landfill.  A trash-sorting plant, where workers
would pull out materials to recycle and compost, then send the remaining trash
to a landfill.  Both the landfill and the trash-sorting plant, if opened, would
stem St.  Charles County's export of trash - and thus stem its export of tipping
fee revenue.  ''If you've reduced your waste stream by 60 percent,'' Luetkenhaus
said, ''then you've reduced your trips to the landfill by 60 percent.'' Plans
are on the drawing board for both a landfill and a trash-sorting plant. St.
Peters officials have proposed the trash-sorting plant in their municipality,
and the county commissioners are considering whether to join in the effort.  St.
Peters officials also have proposed the landfill, which would go in a
quarried-out pit about a mile south of the Blanchette Memorial Bridge. But
before the landfill may open, St. Peters must get a permit from the state.
State officials are in the midst of a months-long effort to decide whether to
grant that permit.  As officials in the East Central Solid Waste Management
District work on trash handling, they will have to consider another factor:
dumping in St.  Louis County landfills got more expensive this month.  Beginning
on Feb. 3, trash haulers were required to pay a surcharge on every load dumped
at landfills in St. Louis County. The surcharge is 5 percent of the fee charged
by the landfill operator. The surcharge is intended to generate about $1 million
a year, Brotherton said.  That means yet another pool of money is being formed
and will get bigger, thanks to trash from St. Charles County.  This second pool
of money wil l be exclusively for the benefit of St. Louis County residents. The
pool was designed to fund efforts to recycle and efforts to reduce the waste
going to landfills.  The surcharge in St. Louis County and the tipping fees
charged by the state are the heralds of changing times for trash flow from St.
Charles County.  Officials are reluctant to speculate on how the new forces will
play out - and how much they will boost the state's goal of reducing the waste
to landfills.  When it comes to predicting long-term consequences, Oney said,
''Nobody really knows.'' KEYWORDS: montgomery city washington municipal proposed
near northside st clair ids lonedell cs c s st peters bridgeton laidlaw maryland
heights weber bfi west county new halls ferry bfi alton missouri illinois roxana
barton chain of rocks wmi fairmount city milam near belleville modern bfi

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Map Graphic; MAP-CHART-TABLE By Post-Dispatch...Sanitary Landfills

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              535 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                    The Free Press (Kinstin, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 17, 2009 Wednesday

GC board approves solid waste plan: 10-year plan has few revisions

BYLINE: Sarah Campbell, The Free Press, Kinston, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 488 words


Jun. 17--SNOW HILL -- The Greene County Board of Commissioners approved a
resolution accepting and endorsing the county's 10-year Comprehensive Solid
Waste Management Plan during its regular meeting earlier this week.

"The plan is basically the same as it was before," David Jones, Greene County
public works director, said. "There are a few changes and a few additions."

The county's recycling program will remain the same, but participation in
residential recycling could increase once rigid plastics become an item banned
by the state beginning in October.

"Rigid plastic is anything from a No. 1 plastic like a water bottle to a No. 7
plastic like a detergent bottle," Jones said. "We're recycling as many of those
as we can right now -- those have never actually been considered a banned item."

The county currently recycles approximately 31 percent of its residential waste.
The new plan emphasizes education of waste reduction and recycling through an
incentive program being created by the solid waste committee.

State laws, which will go into effect Oct. 1, 2012, require all counties to
collect and recycle discarded computer equipment and televisions.

"We're already collecting discarded computer equipment at the landfill," Jones
said. "I've got a guy in Pitt County that is going to come to my landfill and
pick them up."

Jones said at this time he is working with the state of find a way to recycle
TVs.

The revised plan will also no longer allow county landfills to accept dead
animals either by natural disaster and/or disease.

Sarah Campbell can be reached at (252) 559-1076 or scampbell@freedomenc.com

The Greene County Board of Commissioners met earlier this week. The following
are highlights from the meeting.

- The board approved a resolution from the Randolph County Board of
Commissioners that opposes the draft 2009-2011 biennium budget proposal. The
proposal would re       quire emergency workers and volunteer firefighters to
pay a per credit hour rate for continuing education courses. If adopted, the
proposal would cost the county about $20,000, according to emergency manager
Randy Skinner.

- County manager Don Davenport reported the county did not receive funding for
the Contentnea Creek Water Management project from the North Carolina Department
of Environment and Natural Resources. The division stated that limited funding
due to the economic downturn allowed for only 15 of 58 projects to receive grant
money. The board voted to have the application reconsidered during the next
grant cycle.

To see more of The Free Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.kinston.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Free Press, Kinston, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090617-KI-GC-board-approves-solid-waste-plan-0617

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KI


                  Copyright 2009 The Free Press, Kinstin, N.C.


                              536 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                          February 3, 2016, Wednesday

`Recycling is not free';
Solid Waste Authority $25,000 each from Kanawha County, DEP

BYLINE: Daniel Desrochers, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1C

LENGTH: 669 words


Recycling isn't dead yet in Kanawha County.

The Kanawha County Commission is giving the Kanawha County Solid Waste Authority
$25,000 that will be matched by the West Virginia Department of Environmental
Protection.

"We were ready to shut down, honestly, said James Young, the executive director
of the Solid Waste Authority. "It would have been devastating to the county and
our employees, but the crisis has been averted."

The $50,000 should keep the Solid Waste Authority up and running as it looks
toward finding a building to serve as a processing facility.

Before the grant, the authority only had about $6,000 in the bank.

In meetings with the cities of Charleston and South Charleston, Young was able
to secure an agreement in which the Solid Waste Authority would get money from
both cities after it gets a processing facility up and running. That agreement
is subject to approval by city councils in both cities.

Currently, both cities have to send their recycling to Beckley, which Charleston
city officials estimate costs about $800 a week.

With low revenue for recyclable products, Young is hoping that cities begin to
help subsidize the cost.

"The thing that we want people to realize," Young said, "is that recycling is
not free."

Young said that the two cities will contribute 70 percent of what the Solid
Waste Authority needs and he hopes to get the rest from other cities.

In order to get this funding, the Solid Waste Authority will have to secure a
building where it can process recyclables.

But finding a building could take months and the group's original plan of
building a new facility has been put on the back burner.

The DEP officially turned down Young's attempt to use leftover grant money to
buy a building, but he can still use that money to get new equipment. Instead,
he'll have to apply to the Solid Waste Management Board for a loan that will
take more than six months to secure for the structure.

"At the end of the day, we have to be able to afford the loan payment every
month, Young said.

The Kanawha County Commission and DEP money will help sustain the Solid Waste
Authority while it pursues the next step.

The $25,000 the county is contributing isn't too much more than what the county
commission has been giving the Solid Waste Authority for the past 10 years,
Kanawha commissioner Dave Hardy said.

Since 2006, the Kanawha County Commission has given the Solid Waste Authority
$244,000.

Young is also being considered for a position in the county planning department,
which would pull him off the Solid Waste Authority payroll. That would save the
group about $5,000 a month, per Young's estimates.

If he gets hired, he'd work part time for the county and part time with the
Solid Waste Authority until the group transitions to a new director.

Part of the reason the Solid Waste Authority has been so dependent upon public
funding is because the recycling market is bad.

"Some of these things you don't have any control over and one of those things is
the demand for the product," Hardy said.

But with the market so low, Young is hoping to create a business model
addressing present needs.

"It's at the bottom, so you wouldn't think that the market could get worse,"
Young said.

But Dave Hardy is optimistic about the future of the authority.

"I can see the end of the tunnel with your organization, Hardy said. "You have
come a long, long way."

SAM OWENS | Gazette-Mail photos

Ron Williamson, an employee of the Charleston YMCA, hauls multiple boxes of
cardboard from a company van to the appropriate recycling bin at the Kanawha
County Solid Waste Authority on Slack Street in Charleston, Tuesday. In order to
stay up and running for the Charleston community, the Solid Waste Authority
received $50,000 from the Kanawha County Commission and the Department of
Environmental Protection.

Bob Perrine throws cardboard into one of the large recycling bins at the Slack
Street facility, Tuesday.

Reach Daniel Desrochers at dan.desrochers@wvgazettemail.com, 304-348-4886 or
follow @drdesrochers on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers


                              537 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                             August 4, 2006 Friday
                          First with the news Edition

TPI starts to clean up in a small way

BYLINE: Tony Grant-Taylor

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 301  words


2.5%

TPI

+16c

$6.66

AFTER its defeat in the battle for Brambles' Cleanaway waste management
operation, Terry Peabody's Transpacific Industries has gone back to the small
end of the market for a total of $70 million worth of acquisitions.

TPI said yesterday, as it continued to bed down its earlier acquisition, Waste
Management NZ, that it had agreed to buy 10 small waste management businesses
and a landfill operation.

The acquisitions include seven businesses in the solid waste industry -- in
which the Cleanaway bid was supposed to rocket TPI to dominance -- and three
liquid waste and industrial services businesses in both Australia and New
Zealand.

No further details were forthcoming.

However Mr Peabody, TPI's executive chairman, said all the new businesses had
been acquired ''at attractive multiples''.

''The solid waste businesses in particular demonstrate the opportunities which
exist in this area and our ability to access them.''

Meanwhile, he said the integration of the $770 million WMNZ acquisition was
progressing extremely well and TPI anticipated providing more information,
particularly on the synergies being achieved, when it reports its full-year
result late this month.

TPI is in the process of raising $250 million through a step-up preference share
issue, which is due in hand on August 21.

And once that raising is settled, it plans a placement to raise another $160
million to $180 million followed by a share purchase plan which should yield
about $20 million.

TPI was bitterly disappointed to miss out on the $1.8 billion Cleanaway deal,
and has seen its shares slide significantly since the market over-optimistically
priced for a Cleanaway success and took the shares to $10 in early May.

The market reacted positively to yesterday's announcement, however, lifting its
stock 16 to $6.66.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CML


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              538 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           November 15, 2016 Tuesday

Commissioners approve grant aiding domestic violence victims

BYLINE: Ivy Keller, Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 407 words


Nov. 15--The Huron County commissioners have a full schedule this month.

November is only halfway through and they already have approved funding for
domestic violence victims, appointed Michael Clark to the law library board and
approved the sale and purchase of vehicles between the Solid Waste Management
District and the county auditor, just to name a few things. They also listened
to a number of reports, including an OSU semi-annual report from Mike Gastier
and a bimonthly report from Pete Welch.

On Nov. 3, they approved an application for a grant bene[#x203a]tting domestic
violence victims in 2017.

"They've done it for a number of years. It's a matching grant," Commissioner
Gary Bauer said. "It's not a 50-50. It's somewhat less than that."

He said Huron County Prosecutor Daivia Kasper felt the grant funded a necessary
program, so she has done it for a number of years. Program director Eva Gorby
was present Nov. 3 to represent the Huron County Victim Assistance Program.

During the Nov. 8 meeting, the commissioners also signed off on a new board
member for the county law library board. The new member will be Michael Clark.

Bauer said it was a simple transition.

"What happened there was, Niederhoffer, she was on and she moved out of the
county. So she could not stay on."

During that same meeting, commissioners Bauer, Joe Hintz and Tom Dunlap also
approved buy and sell requests for vehicles.

The vehicle in question belonged to the of[#x203a]ce of Huron County Auditor
Roland Tkach -- a fourwheel drive truck. Bauer said it was about three years old
with 30,000 miles on it.

During its time with the auditor's of[#x203a]ce, it was used to carry weights
and measures. It will be out[#x203a]tted to clear snow for the Solid Waste
Management District now.

"He offered to sell that to the county waste district for $15,000," Bauer said.
"I know on the book (it) is considerably more."

Now, Tkach will pay for a new truck to replace the one being sold.

"The call came from Pete Welch that the guys out at the Solid Waste District,"
Tkach said. "They were interested in the pickup truck that the weights and
measures had."

"It's one that we bought brand new," he said.

Tkach also emphasized the boon of being "able to continue to maintain good
vehicles and get these guys the equipment that they (need)."

___ (c)2016 the Norwalk Reflector (Norwalk, Ohio) Visit the Norwalk Reflector
(Norwalk, Ohio) at www.norwalkreflector.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161115-1NW-Commissioners-approve-grant
-aiding-domestic-violence-victims-1115-20161115

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1NW


                     Copyright 2016 Norwalk Reflector, Ohio


                              539 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                         Corning Observer (California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           November 19, 2015 Thursday

Miller named as new city manager

BYLINE: Julie R. Johnson, Corning Observer, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 401 words


Nov. 19--On Nov. 10, it was announced during the City Council meeting the city
is hiring Kristina Miller as its new city manager to replace John Brewer who is
retiring at the end of the year.

For that past nine years, Miller has worked for the Tehama County Solid Waste
Management Agency. For six of those years, she has been agency manager for
Landfill and Material Recovery Facility oversight, Assembly Bill 939 compliance,
grant management, permits, environmental compliance, financial assurances, and
$6 million closure and post-closure fund management.

Miller is married to husband Bryan Gabbard and has two sons, 16-year-old Julian
and 1-year-old Quinton.

"In my spare time, I enjoy hiking and spending time with my family," Miller
said.

She attended California State University, Chico, for both my undergraduate and
graduate degrees.

"I have a bachelors degree in restoration ecology and a master's degree in
geography," Miller added.

Her "core accomplishments," Miller said, include successfully negotiating the
Landfill and Material Recovery Facility Operations Agreement increasing
contractor compliance and reducing agency post-closure monitoring costs by more
than $1.5 million, resolved agency funding deficits of $220,000 annually, grew
grant revenue by $600,000 by spearheading innovative recycling and hazardous
waste management programs, cited the Tehama County Recycling Market Development
Zone, and managed 47 state, federal, and privately-funded grants totaling more
than $2 million.

She also conducted internal and fiscal contract analysis resulting in $150,000
in one-time savings and $30,000 in annual savings to the agency.

"I expect the first year with the city to be filled with new challenges and
opportunities. I anticipate the first goals to be resolving the budget deficit
and developing positive relationships with the business and community," Miller
said.

Through her work with the Solid Waste Management Agency and the Tehama County
Recycled Market Deve opment Zone, Miller had the opportunity to work with many
of Corning businesses and the City Council.

"I look forward to expanding those relationships," she said.

Miller anticipates she will start working as city manager sometime in
mid-December.

___ (c)2015 the Corning Observer (Corning, Calif.) Visit the Corning Observer
(Corning, Calif.) at www.appeal-democrat.com/corning_observer/ Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151119-YF-Miller-named-as-new-city-manager-1119-20151119

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YF


                        Copyright 2015 Corning Observer


                              540 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            August 5, 2015 Wednesday

Development of Solid Waste Management System

LENGTH: 138  words


Grantee:  Community Aid
Area Of Work:  Biodiversity, Climate Change Mitigation, Chemicals
Operational Phase:  Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 49,080.00
Description : The project strives to achieve maximum waste recovery through
composting, recycling, reusing and aims for zero waste to be disposed on to dump
yards. The long-term objective is thus to reduce the environmental degradation
caused by solid waste.


Grantee Contact :
Mr System Administrator
Address :
PO Box 2098 Maldives Post Ltd, Boduthakurufaanu Magu
Male
Project completion date : 2017-08-31 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : UNDP, Edhuruhiya,
9th Floor, Falhumathee Magu
Male', ASIA AND THE PACIFIC REGIONAL

Country :Maldives
Email : fathimath.saeedha@undp.org

Financier : Global Environment Facility Small Grants Programme (SGP),

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              541 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                              April 4, 2016 Monday

Solid waste management goes for a toss in Telangana urban local bodies

LENGTH: 548  words

DATELINE: HYDERABAD


HYDERABAD, April 4 -- Urban Local Bodies (ULBs) in Telangana do not comply with
the Municipal Solid Waste Management (MSWM) rules like segregation at source,
point to point door collection, transportation and processing of waste to
minimise burden on the landfills.


 The latest report of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) on
local bodies tabled in the Legislative Assembly few days ago points out that the
monitoring mechanism for tackling municipal solid waste was "inadequate" and
"absence of segregation at various levels was only posing health hazards and
inconvenience to the citizens."
 An audit of the implementation of solid waste management rules in the last five
years (2010-11 to 2014-15) in two municipal corporations of Nizamabad and
Warangal as well as two municipalities of Mahabubnagar and Nalgonda, showed
lacunae when benchmarked against the rules notified by the government, including
the medical waste and e-waste handling steps. Significantly, the government did
not earmark any specific allocation for implementation of activities under the
MSW management rules although the Union Government released grants through the
12{+t}{+h}Finance Commission from 2005-06 to 2010-11 - Mahabubnagar - Rs.3.45
crore, Nalgonda - Rs.2.91 crore, Nizamabad - Rs.7.62 crore and Warangal -
Rs.13.98 crore.
 But, "expenditure shown to have been utilised out of the 12{+t}{+h}Finance
Commission grants was not entirely incurred for the purpose for which it was
granted," the CAG said. Instances of the funds being diverted for Rajiv Awas
Yojana, formation of roads, wage payments, provident fund, etc., have been
listed. At a few places, the funds were not reimbursed even after the money
released for acquiring land for garbage dumping yard, once it was realised the
land belonged to the government.
 The report stated the ULBs checked had not made any action plan for collection
and disposal of waste despite specific instructions. There was no system for
segregating waste into bio-degradable and non-biodegradable through two
different bins plus the hospitals, clinics and others did not have any tie up
with any agency for disposal of bio-degradable waste. Insisting on segregation
and disposal of bio-medical waste during the issue would have ensured
compliance, it said.
 The CAG mentioned that the government had accepted segregation of waste at
source was "not satisfactory"; however, "30 per cent segregation was being done
by public health workers during collection and rag pickers at secondary storage
points and at dump yards."
 It was also observed that the ULBs were not levying fee from the bulk garbage
generators like hotels, hospitals, function halls, clubs, markets, commercial
complexes with 20 or more shops, cinema halls, workshops, etc., and the loss of
revenue has been put at Rs.1.22 crore in two of them while there was a short
collection of Rs.1.27 crore during the period in one ULB.
 Details were not forthcoming about the "unserviceable vehicles" used for
transporting solid waste, about the actual waste generated, etc. Segregation of
e-waste was not done either at source or at transfer station/dumping yard any of
the ULBs checked leading to environmental hazard. No system was also adopted to
generate power from garbage too, CAG report added.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              542 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              Early Times (India)

                            January 22, 2016 Friday

After WUCMA , PCB issues notice to MC Bandipora

LENGTH: 409 words

DATELINE: Srinagar


Srinagar, Jan. 22 -- After Chief Executive Director (CED) Wullar Conservation
and Management Authority (WUCMA) shot a letter to Director Local Bodies Kashmir
and showed his serious concern about the activities of MC Bandipora, the J&K
State Pollution Control Board (PCB) has also taken up the matter seriously and
issued a notice to Municipal Committee (MC) Bandipora, which has been allegedly
dumping all the garbage and solid waste on the banks of world famous Wullar lake
in Bandipora area of North Kashmir.

Earlier CED of WUCMA had shot a very strong letter to Director Local Bodies
Kashmir.

The copy of the letter which lies with Early Times reads as : "During 2013-14
and 2014-15 the authority has provided a financial assistance of 39 Lakhs and
42.90 Lakhs respectively to MC Bandipora through DC Bandipora for strengthening
and developing the required infrastructure for scientific disposal of municipal
solid waste (M&H Rules 2000) so as to prevent any sort of pollution within and
along the banks of Wullar Lake under 13th FCA.

Pertinent to mention that few years back the Municipal Committee (MC) Bandipora
received a grant of around 82 lakhs from Wullar Conservation and Management
Authority (WUCMA) for strengthening and developing the infrastructure for
scientific disposal of municipal solid waste so as to prevent any sort of
pollution within and along the banks of Wular Lake.

Inspite of getting a huge grant the Muncipal Committee (MC) Bandipora continues
to dump all the garbage in the local water bodies and the irony is that this
dumping mostly takes place in famous Wullar lake.

In clear violation of Environment Protection Act, the Bandipora Municipal
Committee has been dumping garbage and solid waste including polythene in an
open area near Nusoo village located in the outskirts of town. The illegal
dumping site according to local residents has not only affected the Wular Lake
but has badly deteriorated the health of residents living around this lake. The
MC Bandipora continues to dump all sorts of solid waste on the open road
connecting Zalwan Playground near Nusoo area in the town.

Early Times has launched a campaign vis a vis protection of Wullar Lake. In this
connection several reports have been already filed by this publication.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Early Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Early Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              543 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                    The Sedalia Democrat (Sedalia, Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            July 18, 2012 Wednesday

State, local officials meet to consider 'waste to product' proposal

BYLINE: Dennis Rich, The Sedalia Democrat, Sedalia, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 681 words


July 18--What may be waste to one business could be raw materials for another.

That concept took center stage on Tuesday as representatives from the Region F
Solid Waste Management District, an arm of the Pioneer Trails Regional Planning
Commission, met with Pettis County officials and business leaders on Tuesday to
discuss the potential benefits of a proposed "waste to product" project first
proposed by the Pettis County Commission last October. A $27,000 feasibility
study grant from Region F helped kick start the project with a $4,000 match
provided by the county.

Pettis County Presiding Commissioner John Meehan opened Tuesday's meeting in
commission chambers by telling attendees the project was inspired by
developments in the Missouri Center for Waste to Energy now under way at State
Fair Community College, which looks to capture and convert landfill methane gas
into electricity.

"What is the next logical step?" Meehan said. "The next logical step is waste to
product; taking those recyclable materials we are already collecting that is
waste from one man and probably raw material to another manufacturer and
creating a marriage there."

Meehan said the proposal is "a great idea, a great project" and believes
"hopefully at some point down the road we are going to create jobs."

Ruth Anne Parrott, a Region F solid waste planner, told the group that regional
planners were excited by the proposal, given that Region F -- comprised of
Pettis, Johnson, Lafayette, Saline and Morgan counties -- rank near the top of
the state's 20 solid waste districts due to having two landfills in the area.

Following the Region F grant, additional grants were awarded through the
Missouri Department of Natural Resources and the U.S. Department of Agriculture,
bringing the total investment in the project to about $100,000.

Parrott and fellow Region F planner Rich Burford laid out the framework of the
project, which will focus around identifying material needs and waste streams
from existing industry and businesses and networking those relationships via a
website due to launch by the end of the year.

The website will offer both a list option and an interactive map that will
identify the range of materials available in Region F's five-county coverage
area.

In the meantime, Parrott said, the group has developed an online survey, now
being circulated locally by Economic Development Sedalia-Pettis County Executive
Director Linda Christle, seeking detailed estimates on the types of recyclable
material now being generated by local firms.

The survey may be found online at surveymonkey.com/s/GWG7ND5. Parrott and
Burford said a printable version of the survey will be available soon, and the
launch of the website could happen sooner if their is a strong response.

After some attendees said they were unable to complete the survey because they
did not have specific information available, such as the exact annual tonnage of
some waste, Parrott suggested that interested businesses give their best
"guesstimate" and noted that details may be refined as the project moves
forward.

"We can't make this happen if we don't have the data," Parrott said.

She said there are a wide range of possible sources for raw materials, holding
up a plastic coat hangar and a package of disposable razors as just one of a
number of examples of ways recycled products, in this case the coat hangar, are
re-purposed by some Missouri businesses, including use in the handles of razors.
In others, plastic flower pots are used to make fence posts; tires are used in
playgrounds; and yard waste is collected and used to produce marketable compost
-- such as the compost facility in Sedalia.

Meehan concluded by saying the project has great potential for the region and he
encouraged businesses to complete the survey.

"They are thinking of taking this statewide," Meehan said. "But the idea started
with people thinking outside of the box here in Pettis County."

___ (c)2012 The Sedalia Democrat (Sedalia, Mo.) Visit The Sedalia Democrat
(Sedalia, Mo.) at www.sedaliademocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120718-SX-State-local-officials-meet-to-consider-waste-to-product-proposal-071
8-20120718

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SX


                      Copyright 2012 The Sedalia Democrat


                              544 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Waterloo Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          December 15, 2010 Wednesday

Board of Supervisors OKs landfill profits spending plan

BYLINE: Tim Jamison, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 404 words


Dec. 15--WATERLOO -- The Board of Supervisors won't meddle with a recommendation
on how to spend Black Hawk County Landfill profits on social services programs.

The county supervisors voted unanimously and without debate Tuesday to approve a
spending plan for $175,765 the county traditionally has earmarked as grants for
nonprofit groups and programs.

Members of the county's Solid Waste Funds Allocation Board had made the
recommendation last week after whittling down some $434,000 in requests for the
money the county gets annually from landfill operations.

"It looks like they did another fantastic job allocating the money again this
year," said supervisors' chairman Craig White.

The county has been receiving a share of some $2 million annually returned by
the county's Solid Waste Management Commission for the past eight years. But
commission members noted last month they may need to start scaling back or
eliminating those payments in the future as its cash reserves have started to
decline more rapidly than expected.

The supervisors' action this week noted any grant awards for the coming year are
contingent upon the county receiving the landfill funds, as previous supervisors
stated when the funding was started eight years ago.

"We decided from here on out to use that language," said Supervisor Tom Little.
"If and when that (funding reduction) happens, the board will have to evaluate
that."

Some of the agencies receiving funds from the landfill profits, such as the
Northeast Iowa Food Bank and Iowa Legal Services, were receiving county general
fund revenue before the cost was shifted onto the landfill revenues.

In other business, the supervisors:

-- Appointed Douglas Meyer as the provisional administrator of the county-owned
Country View care center on Dunkerton Road. Meyer, who is the facility's human
resources manager, will serve in that capacity while the county searches for a
permanent administrator. Former administrator Jack Musker has retired.

-- Appointed Angela "Tina" Douglas to fill a vacancy on the Black Hawk County
Board of Health.

To see more of the Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.wcfcourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Waterloo-Cedar
Falls Courier, Iowa Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20101215-OO-HLT-Board-of-Supervisors-OKs-landfill-profits-spending-plan-1215-201
01215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2010 Waterloo Courier


                              545 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           February 7, 2015 Saturday

AWARENESS CAMPAIGN ON SUSTAINABLE WASTE MANAGEMENT AS OPPOSED TO INCINERATOR

LENGTH: 343  words


Grantee:  PERSATUAN kESEDARAN DAN PENDIDIKAN 3R KUALA LUMPUR
Area Of Work:  Chemicals
Operational Phase:  Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 2,000.00
Description :




Last June 2013, the National Solid Waste Department announced that an
incinerator of 1,000 tonne capacity will be built at Taman Beringin. In view of
the potential hazardous pollution to air and land, which include toxic gasses
such as furan, heavy metals, mercury, fly and bottom ash, the project seeks to
raise awareness among communities within 15km radius from the proposed
incinerator including Laman Residensi, Kipark Taman Tasik Indah (Batu areas),
Taman Nanyang (Jinjang Utara and Selatan), Taman Kepong Baru, Taman Petaling,
Taman Megah (Kepong areas). Awareness campaign will primarily be on sustainable
solid waste mangemend, including 3R (Reduce, Reuse and Recycle). The rationale
being that incinerator is being proposed and approved for construction to
address the increasing volume of municipal waste. Should there be a decrease of
solid waste disposal through 3R, incinerator may not be needed. Activities plan
would include holding Education and Awareness Programme on impacts of
incinerator and the solution to this problem, creating awareness to the
population on the negative impacts of incinerator and the many solutions
available to address this issue, advocating the public that waste generation is
everyone  s problem, not soley the authority. That each and every one has the
responsibility to reduce their waste and to segregate the waste at source.
Grantee Contact :
LEE CHIUN MIN
Phone: +063-2262 8838
Email: minlee163@gmail.com
Address
NO 3, JALAN TASIK INDAH 2, TAMAN TASIK INDAH
KUALA LUMPUR , 51200
Project completion date : 2015-03-31 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : Wisma UN, Block C, Kompleks Pejabat Damansara, Jalan Dungun, Damansara
Heights
Kuala Lumpur, 50490

Country :Malaysia
Email : david.lee@undp.org,lai.sook.mei@undp.org

Url : http://www.sgpmalaysia.org

Financier : Global Environment Facility Small Grants Programme (SGP),

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              546 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                           August 7, 1996, Wednesday

Waste Man quizzed on share leap

SECTION: BUSINESS Pg. 32; BUSINESS

LENGTH: 183 words


Waste Management NZ has been queried by the Stock Exchange on why its share
price rose 230c yesterday.

The Auckland-based rubbish disposal company's finance director, Grant Tietjens,
said last night that he was uncertain what had caused the shares to jump 230c,
or 18.9 per cent, to 1450.  The only interpretation I can give is that some
analysts have speculated on the news of a planning consent hearing.''

It was announced on Friday that Northern Disposal Systems, a rival business,
failed to obtain one out of five discharge consents for its Rosedale landfill in
Auckland. The buying might have because of this news, Mr Tietjens said. The main
alternative to the Rosedale landfill was Waste Management's Redvale landfill,
which had opened in 1993.

The failure to get the consent had been released on Friday, but it had not been
widely known, Mr Tietjens said.

NDS's chief executive, Richard Whitburn, said last night that the rejection of
the consent would be appealed. It was arguable whether the landfill would have
to close if it failed to get the necessary consent, he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 Fairfax New Zealand


                              547 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             July 28, 2012 Saturday

Carbon Harvest reaps state loan for landfill project

BYLINE: By HOWARD WEISS-TISMAN / Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 598 words


Saturday July 28, 2012

BRATTLEBORO -- Carbon Harvest has been awarded a $325,000 loan through the
Vermont Community Development Program, which will allow the company to complete
its project near the Windham Solid Waste Management District property.

It has been almost three years since company officials began talking to the town
about their plan to build a landfill gas-to-energy plant that includes a
greenhouse and aquaculture facility.

Carbon Harvest President Don McCormick said this final loan will give the
company capital to hire additional workers and weatherize its greenhouses for
the winter.

"This money comes just at the right time," McCormick said Friday after accepting
the loan from Gov. Peter Shumlin at a ceremony in Morristown. "It's very
exciting. We've been waiting a long time for this."

Carbon Harvest calls its facility off of Old Ferry Road the first-in-the-nation
integrated renewable energy-to-agriculture and algae feed and biodiesel project.

The company is already capturing gas from the waste district's capped landfill
and producing energy. Waste heat from the methane power plant will heat the
greenhouse and aquaculture facility.

The state money, which actually was awarded to the town of Brattleboro, which
will loan the funds to Carbon Harvest, will help the company complete and
weatherize the greenhouses.

Once all of the systems are in place, Carbon Harvest hopes to produce lettuce
and basil to sell locally.

When the greenhouses are up and running, the company will create nine new,
full-time, permanent positions.

McCormick said plans to establish an aquaculture facility to grow fish for
consumption will be included in phase three of the project.

"This funding supports the work that will help us get our greenhouses ready for
winter," McCormick said. "We are going to be able to produce local, green food
for the community right when summer is ending and farms are shutting down."

The company has all of its designs and permits in place, McCormick said, and has
just been waiting to hear about the pending community block grant.

Part of the money is going to be used to build a conference center to allow the
company to lead educational seminars and bring crowds in to tour the facility
and lead classes on how the systems work.

"It is all going to happen very fast now," he said. "As soon as this money is
available to us we are going to bring people in. It's very exciting."

He said there will be a grand opening at Carbon Harvest in the fall when all of
the work has been completed.

Windham Solid Waste Management District Executive Director Bob Spencer said the
systems at Carbon Harvest are an important part of the district's plans to
prepare for the state's new solid waste rules, which go into effect in 2014.

Vermont is going to require towns to separate solid waste from the rest of the
garbage and Brattleboro is moving ahead with its own compost program, which is
starting this summer on a trial basis.

If Brattleboro moves ahead with a townwide compost program, Carbon Harvest will
most likely be able to capture the gas released from the rotting food waste and
produce energy

"There are definitely benefits to the district from what is happening at Carbon
Harvest," Spencer said. "We're thrilled that the gas that will be coming from
the food waste will be used to grow vegetables and fish in an environmentally
responsible system. This is going to be a model for other communities and we're
delighted to be a part of it."

Howard Weiss-Tisman can be reached athwtisman@reformer.com , or 802-254-2311
ext. 279. Follow Howard on Twitter @HowardReformer.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Green houses are being installed for the Carbon Harvest project at
Windham Solid Waste District in Brattleboro. (Zachary P. Stephens/Reformer file
photo)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              548 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                 Central Asian News Service (English language)

                           November 19, 2016 Saturday

EBRD ready to allocate 10 million euros for improvement of solid waste
management in Osh

LENGTH: 99  words


The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development is ready to allocate 10
million euros for improvement of the solid waste management in the city of Osh,
according to the bill on ratification of the agreement proposed for discussion
by the State Agency for Architecture and Construction of Kyrgyzstan.

The document says the project on improving the solid waste management in Osh
costs 10,095,000 euros, including 5 million euros loans, 5 million euros grant
of the EU Investment Fund for Central Asia and 950,000 euros grant of the EBRD
for implementation of the project.

The EBRD's funds are

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 894


                            Copyright 2016 AKIpress
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              549 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 March 5, 2001, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

OFFICIALS IN DE SOTO PICK NEW COMPANY TO HAUL TRASH;
WASTE MANAGEMENT WINS THE CONTRACT

BYLINE: Lee Khorll; Special To The Post-DispatchCITY COUNCIL; GARBAGE
COLLECTION; CONTRACTS; BUDGET

SECTION: JEFFERSON COUNTY POST, Pg. 3

LENGTH: 390 words


De Soto will have a new trash-hauling company even though the new company will
charge $ 4.60 a month more than the current contractor.

The City Council discussed at length the individual services that each of three
bidders would provide, the cost increase should the city choose a company other
than Heartland and the effect of cost increases on the elderly before deciding
to sign a contract with Waste Management Co.

Waste Management is to be paid $ 14.75 a month for each household from May
through April 2002 with slight increases in the following two years. De Soto
collects the money from residents through the water and sewer bills and forwards
it to the hauler.

Heartland Disposal bid $ 10.15, and Solid Waste Solutions $ 15.08. A recycling
program was included in each of the three bids.

Ed DeRousse of Waste Management said that his company would give a 33 1/3
percent discount to the elderly.

De Soto's contract with Heartland Disposal dates to November 1995.

On another matter, the council approved a $ 6,000 contract with the city's
engineers, O'Brien & Gere Inc., for preparing a funding application and
preliminary engineering report for a new water tower on Clarke Street. When
completed, the report will be submitted to the Missouri Water and Wast ewater
Review Committee in an effort to receive a grant for the construction.

The council agreed to save $ 40,822 on an engineering service contract for
construction of the Miller Street bridge over Joachim Creek. The bridge was to
have been built to state standards, but on Sept. 18 the council voted to use
federal standards instead. The contract with WVP Inc. thus was altered to show a
total cost of $ 34,935 instead of $ 75,758.

In other business, the council agreed:

* To lower the number of post-certification hours of training required for a
police officer to 470 from 600. City Manager David Dews indicated that the city
may be losing a number of qualified candidates for the police force due to the
higher number of hours required by the city. Missouri requires the lesser
number.

* Voted to extend the city's franchise agreement with Community CableVision for
an additional two years after the expiration date of Oct. 9. Dews said the
extension would allow for many issues still in question to be addressed at the
national level.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              550 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                           October 28, 2010 Thursday

COUNTY MULLS RAISING LANDFILL USE FEE IN ORDINANCE REVISION

BYLINE: J.R. LOGAN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 1269 words


By J.R. Logan

The Taos News

A $25 increase to the annual landfill user fee is part of a proposed revision to
the Taos County's solid waste management ordinance that will go to a public
hearing in November.

The increase is meant to directly benefit the solid waste department, which
County Manager Adam Baker has called "severely underfunded."

But finding a way to revamp the ordinance that is fair to all of the county's
residents and improves revenue could be easier said than done. The increase may
also be hard to get approved in light of the fact that the department was owed
about $800,000 in unpaid fees as of February. The fee is assessed for each
residential structure within the unincorporated areas of Taos County.

There are eight transfer stations in the county, and the current $100 landfill
user fee buys residents two punch cards -- each good for 24 trips to the
transfer station.

Because there is no way to accurately weigh or otherwise measure the amount of
garbage each resident dumps, the value of a punch can vary dramatically. Someone
dumping a garbage bag of kitchen waste twice a month pays the same fee and might
use the same number of punches as someone bringing in a truck full of garbage
with the same frequency. Many residents don't even use all of their punches
every year.

Baker told the county commission at its Oct. 19 meeting that the fee was
probably "disproportionate," but until the county finds money to install scales
at all of its transfer stations and charge residents by weight, the options for
creating a more equitable system are limited.

"I admit that this may not be a perfect system, but we've either got to start
closing transfer stations, stop doing weekend cleanups, or increase the fees.
It's that simple," Baker said.

The solid waste operating budget has jumped from $765,000 to $980,000 in the
last two years -- an increase that Baker has blamed on rising fuel costs,
additional personnel expenses and weekend community cleanups that require the
county to pay overtime to its employees.

Fee changes

As written, the new ordinance would increase revenue by bumping up the landfill
fee from $100 to $125 a year. The amount would continue to be collected annually
in two separate payments, and Baker estimates that the increased fee will boost
the department's revenue by about $155,000.

That increase, however, would be offset by another provision in the proposed
ordinance.

Residents who use a commercial hauler currently pay the county $25 a year on top
of the cost of garbage pick up. Waste Management, the largest local commercial
hauler, charges $287 a year (fees included) for its residential service in Taos
County.

Baker told The Taos News Monday (Oct. 25) that he intended to recommended that
the county remove the $25 fee for residents using a commercial hauler.

Though it would mean the county would collect $100,000 less revenue annually,
Baker said it was "the right thing to do."

Waste Management now pays 8 percent of its quarterly gross receipts to the
county, which amounted to about $80,000 for the solid waste department last
year.

Baker said he would suggest applying a similar franchise fee to smaller haulers
operating in the county to recoup some of the income lost by dropping the $25
charge.

Special meeting

The commission voted to approve the draft ordinance for publication, and a
special meeting to adopt the ordinance is scheduled for November 16 at 1 p.m.

But until the commission votes to adopt it, none of the language in the
ordinance is set in stone.

There is some rush to get the ordinance passed before January so that the new
fee schedule will be in place when bills are sent out next year.

However, at its Oct. 16 meeting, the commission was hesitant to add to the
financial burden that's been piled on Taos County residents recently.

Just hours before discussing rate increases in the solid waste ordinance Oct.
19, the commission questioned Kit Carson Electric Cooperative CEO Luís Reyes at
length about the legitimacy of a proposed co-op rate increase.

"I don't want to be like Kit Carson," said Commissioner Joe Mike Durá n during
discussion on the solid waste fees.

Baker acknowledged that the "political winds" may have shifted since the
increase was first suggested in July.

Delinquent accounts

To complicate matters, the collection of landfill user fees has been less than
impressive since they were enacted in 1997. According to Baker, the county only
collects about 60 percent of the total billed amount each year. He said that, as
of February 2010, there was nearly $800,000 in uncollected revenue due to the
county.

In an effort to collect on those overdue accounts, the county is in the process
of placing liens on those property owners with delinquent accounts. Baker said
the county didn't intend to pursue foreclosures, but he said the county could
collect what it's owed when homeowners sell or refinance their property.

Those county residents not paying their landfill user fees don't receive punch
cards, and Baker was uneasy about guessing where those people were dumping their
garbage.

"My fear is that a lot of it is being dumped illegally," Baker said in an
interview Monday.

Whatever changes might come with a new ordinance, Baker acknowledged that they
would probably not resolve the county's solid waste issues.

"This is, in my mind, a temporary solution," Baker said.

He said the ultimate goal is to install scales at all of the county's transfer
stations, and he alluded to the possibility of finding the necessary funds to do
the job sometime in the next year. Baker did not have a guess as to what the
scales might cost but hoped to have a number by the Nov. 16 public hearing.

Managing garbage

The revisions to the solid waste ordinance are only part of a larger plan for
how to manage garbage in the county.

During a work study session in July, Baker presented a proposal to commissioners
that included his recommendations on how to approach the issue.

He suggested then that the commission apply for $500,000 from a Community
Development Block Grant and add it to a $500,000 loan from the New Mexico
Department of Finance. The loan came to the county in 2009 and is designated to
be used for a solid waste facility.

Baker said a small portion of the loan has been used to do engineering on a
solid waste facility and recycling center for the county. The county pays
interest on whatever money it has borrowed to this point.

The facility would be located on 5 acres donated by the town to be used
specifically for the structure. The cost of building the facility is estimated
at about $1.2 million.

At the work study, Baker suggested that the county apply for the $500,000 grant
to go toward the project, which Baker said would save the county money in the
long run.

By removing much of the recyclable material from what it collects, the county
would pay less in tipping fees at the regional landfill.

Last year the county shelled out $211,000 to dump its garbage at the landfill,
but it estimates that about 30 percent of the waste collected at its transfer
station is recyclable.

A new facility would also mean that the county would no longer have to lease
office space for the solid waste department, Baker said. The rent for its office
on Salazar Road amounts to more than $19,000 a year.

Baker's proposal was quickly shot down.

Commissioner Andrew Chá vez said then that he didn't think it would be a good
idea to use block grant money to invest in a facility that would create
recurring costs like salaries for new staff members.

Commissioners instead chose to submit work to three roads in the Peñasco area on
its block grant application.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              551 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                          February 16, 2011 Wednesday

Members appointed to Lancaster solid waste board

BYLINE: By Hunter Amabile, hamabile@sentinelandenterprise.com

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 322 words


LANCASTER -- During a meeting on Monday, the Board of Selectmen announced four
of the five members of the Solid Waste Committee, which will look into the
efficiency of the town's solid waste management.

The selectmen appointed representatives from various committee and departments
in the town.

To represent the Board of Health, they selected Steve Piazza. Walter Sendrowski
will represent the Finance Committee. From the Recycling Committee, Larry Shoer
was selected. And former member of the Finance Committee Stan Starr was also
selected.

"I'm really looking forward to participating and I hope I can bring the
perspective of the Board of Health," Piazza said.

The current solid waste removal system in town has several private contractors
that offer curbside pickup. The committee will likely look into the feasibility
of using a singular service provider, which could lower rates.

"If we can do better for the town, it's certainly worth looking into," Starr
said. Starr previously served on the solid waste committee when he lived in
Clinton years ago.

The committee will work with Irene Congdon, a recycling coordinator employed by
the Department of Environmental Protection. The town received a grant to work
with Congdon for 40 hours in order to look at strengthening the town's rubbish
and recycling program.

The committee will have to wait for its fifth and final member to be appointed
for two weeks when the Board of Selectmen meets again because the fifth member
is selectman Jack Sonia. Sonia needed two votes from the board to be approved,
but only he and chair Jennifer Leone were present at the meeting. Sonia couldn't
vote for himself, so he will have to wait until the following selectmen's
meeting on Mon., Feb. 28.

"Jen wouldn't let me vote myself in," Sonia joked.

Sonia is unsure of the direction the committee will be heading once they're
formed, he said. They will likely appoint a chairman and move forward from
there.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              552 of 995 DOCUMENTS

              St. Charles County Business Record (St. Charles, MO)

                              May 16, 2003 Friday

MO Dept. of Natural Resources awards grant to St. Charles County

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 222 words


The Missouri Department of Natural Resources and the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency will help the St. Charles County Soil and Water Conservation
District protect the Peruque Creek watershed. A grant provided by the EPA Region
VII and administered through DNR will be used to produce a series of educational
fact sheets about water quality and nonpoint source pollution in the Peruque
Creek watershed. Waste reduction and recycling projects in Franklin, Lincoln,
Montgomery and Warren counties could receive a portion of a grant for more than
$180,000 recently awarded by DNR. The grant will allow the East Central Solid
Waste Management District of fund solid waste management activities focused on
that area of Missouri. DNR will hold a public availability session from 4 p.m.
to 7 p.m. on May 20 at William R. Cappel Elementary School cafeteria, at 121
Hampel Road in Moscow Mills, to discuss a proposal by Fred Weber Inc. Fred Weber
Inc. Auburn Quarry has proposed a municipal waste landfill to be located near
Auburn in Lincoln County. Fred Weber Inc. is responsible for preparing a
detailed investigation work plan that will evaluate the proposed site location.
Representatives from DNR will be available to discuss the permit process and
answer questions from residents and representatives of Fred Weber Inc.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires


                              553 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                 Central Asian News Service (English language)

                              June 10, 2016 Friday

1,317 waste containers and platforms to be installed in Bishkek by year's end

LENGTH: 224  words


1,317 waste containers and platforms will be installed in the capital city of
Kyrgyzstan until the end of the year, said mayor of Bishkek Albek Ibraimov on
June 10.



Ibraimov noticed special program for the installation of waste containers and
platforms has been developed.

"We'll need to label the containers and platforms to create conditions for the
citizens [to recycle the waste], and then the system will quietly catch on...
[The labels are required to assist the citizens], explaining which container is
for glass, paper and so on," said the mayor.

On June 8, Bishkek took delivery of 30 specialized trucks for waste collection,
acquired for a project to modernize solid waste management and part of a
comprehensive environmental improvement program for the Kyrgyz capital.
Previously, the city had received over 5,000 waste containers.

The European Union is supporting the improvement of solid waste management in
Bishkek with a [#x20ac]8.22 million grant under its Investment Facility for
Central Asia (IFCA). Through these actions EU taxpayers address effectively the
most vital infrastructure needs in Kyrgyzstan.

The EBRD, meanwhile, is supporting the Bishkek solid waste management program
with a loan of [#x20ac]11 million. This investment will upgrade waste services
in the city and produce significant environmental and public health
benefits.AKIpress

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 894


                            Copyright 2016 AKIpress
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              554 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             May 31, 2008 Saturday

Heifers group aims for zero waste this year

BYLINE: By BOB AUDETTE, Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 682 words


BRATTLEBORO -- In keeping with its Live Green theme this year, the Strolling of
the Heifers is working toward a goal of producing zero waste.

Working with the Windham Solid Waste Management District, Triple T Trucking,
local Boy and Girl Scouts and Hilltop Montessori School, the Stroll hopes to get
as close as possible to this goal by using color-coded recycling receptacles
that can be used to collect waste during the event.

"This is a good example of how the Stroll is great at getting community
organizations to join forces and make good things happen," said Valerie Stuart,
spokeswoman for Strolling of the Heifers. "From the volunteers who get involved
to the Community Bible Chapel which helps park cars and sell T-shirts to the
Scouts who are helping us work toward being a zero waste event, we pull
amazingly diverse numbers of people together to support our good cause."

The recycling receptacles were developed using a grant from the U.S. Department
of Agriculture, said Cindy Sterling, education and program manager for the solid
waste district.

The receptacles were inspired by what is being done at the Brattleboro Area
Farmers' Market, said Sterling, a program called Project Cow, for community
organic waste composting program.

Following the farmers' market model, the USDA grant was used to make 10 waste
stations, portable recycling centers that can be set up at events such as
Strolling of the Heifers.

"They're available to any festival in the district," said Sterling.

Each waste station has three barrels, she said, one for recycling, one for trash
and one for compostables.

Waste that can be composted is transported to Martin's Farm Recycling in
Greenfield, Mass., by Triple T Trucking, a commercial composting facility.

"Compost from businesses and schools gets shipped there and made into soil
amendment," said Sterling.

Hilltop Montessori was one of several schools in Windham County that received a
grant from the Strolling of the Heifers to launch Live Green programs, said
Lissa Weinmann, a parent who helped students develop their own program.

"Hilltop has been wanting to deal with its waste in a greener way," she said.

The school has since put into action a composting program.

The float Hilltop is entering into the Strolling of the Heifers parade this year
is all about cutting down on waste, she said, reminding people "We can reduce
the use of landfills by collecting compost."

Not only are the waste stations serving to promote that goal, they can also be
used to educate the public, said Weinmann. Hilltop students created posters that
will be hung at the waste stations, explaining what should go into each
container, and they and other students -- called recycling rangers -- will be
posted at each receptacle to help people separate their waste.

"The Strolling of the Heifers has created a prototype that will inspire others
to think more seriously about taking responsibility for their waste," said
Weinmann.

The stations were built from salvaged materials supplied by ReNew Building
Materials and Salvage.

To make Strolling of the Heifers more waste free, Sterling said, means working
with vendors to reduce the use of plastic utensils, straws and soda lids.

Most everything else produced during the event can be recycled or composted, she
said. Any paper products can be composted as can leftover food. While it's not
recommended that backyard composters throw meat in their pile, facilities such
as Martin's in Greenfield, can compost meat.

Further down the road, Sterling hopes to develop a community-wide composting
program. Right now, the waste district has instituted its own in-house
composting program just to get an idea of how it might work on a bigger scale,
she said.

"Residents have been asking about it," said Sterling. "We want to open it up to
people to bring compostables in, but we haven't decided how best to handle it."

Anyone who would like to use the waste stations just needs to contact Sterling
at the waste district at 802-257-0272 and make a reservation, she said.

Bob Audette can be reached at raudette@reformer.com or 802-254-2311, ext. 273.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              555 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           August 20, 2008 Wednesday

More than $1.2 million awarded for state park cleanups in Bay Area

BYLINE: Bay City News Service

SECTION: BREAKING; Communities; Central Coast; News; State; Local

LENGTH: 290 words


The California Integrated Waste Management Board awarded grants of more than
$1.2 million in a meeting Tuesday for the cleanup and removal of illegal waste
in two state parks in the Bay Area.

The board met in Sacramento and approved a $1.2 million dollar grant to the
Candlestick Point State Recreation Area in San Francisco and $35,000 to Cowell
Ranch/John Marsh State Historic Park in Brentwood.

"Illegal disposal is a threat and demands action" Board Chair Margo Reid Brown
said in a prepared statement. "These clean up grant, and work partnership with
local, state, and federal agencies, will help us to protect the health of our
people and our environment."

The allocation to the Candlestick Point site will help clean up part of the
shoreline next to Monster Park stadium, the home of the San Francisco 49ers.

The area needing cleaning covers approximately 13 acres that were used for years
as an illegal dumping site of concrete and other debris into San Francisco Bay,
according to the board.

The Cowell Ranch site, located in Contra Costa County, will be given a grant to
fund the removal of partially buried debris from a former ranching operation.

Cleanup of the 3,600-acre site, which is not yet open to the public, will allow
state archeologists to continue their efforts to document and preserve Native
American artifacts in the park, according to the board.

The grants given out Tuesday come from the board's Solid Waste Disposal and
Codisposal Grant Program, which funds the cleanup of sites when a responsible
party cannot be identified or is unable or unwilling to pay cleanup costs.

Copyright 2008 by Bay City News, Inc. republication, re-transmission or reuse
without the express written consent of Bay City News, Inc. is prohibited.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              556 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              June 20, 2005 Monday
                          FIVE STAR LATE LIFT EDITION

NEWS BRIEFS

SECTION: NORTH POST; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 571 words


ST. LOUIS AREA

Post plans to list events for 4th of July

The Fourth of July weekend is coming, and the Post-Dispatch will publish next
week a list of public events from the communities that are planning them.

If you have a parade, festival, fireworks display, pet show, ice cream social or
other event that is open to the public, send us a notice by Friday, June 24. Fax
the information to Kim Taylor at 314-340-3058 or e-mail it to her at
ktaylor@post-dispatch.com.

HAZELWOOD

Council OKs addition to firehouse garage

Hazelwood is planning an addition to the garage of its firehouse. The City
Council approved last week a $273,000 loan for the project.

"It's designed to be able to house one of the new ambulances," said Hazelwood
Fire Chief Jim Mattheis. The addition includes a training room, a storage area
and an exercise area, he said.

Since the firehouse was built, the fire department has grown by nine officers,
which has caused some crowding. "The exercise room is in the middle of an engine
bay," he noted. The addition will change that. "We're gaining storage space;
we're gaining garage space; we're trying to gain a better space for the crews to
exercise," he said.

BELLEFONTAINE NEIGHBORS

Trash hauler gets contract extension

Bellefontaine Neighbors will continue to use Waste Management Inc. to collect
solid residential waste and materials for recycling from single-family and
two-family households.

The City Council voted last week to extend the hauler's three-year contract with
the city by one year, until May 31, 2006. The fee for residents is $16 a month
per household. In households with two or fewer residents aged 62 or older, the
fee will be $14.40 per month. The rental fee for a 90-gallon waste disposal cart
is $2.30 a month per cart.

RITENOUR

$10,000 grant will aid wellness program

Ritenour School District, in conjunction with BJC HealthCare, received a $10,000
grant from the General Mills Foundation to fund a wellness program called
SNEAKERS (Sensible, Nutritious Eating, and Kids Exercising Regularly and
Successfully).

This fall, registered dietitians from BJC HealthCare will visit all of
Ritenour's fifth-grade classes for weekly one-hour sessions. Students will study
the systems of the body, learn how to eat for energy and muscle development and
to keep exercise logs. Each fifth-grader will receive a pedometer.

One Ritenour teacher at each school will be trained to lead the program, for the
future.

UNIVERSITY CITY

Youth urged to sign up for summer programs

Residents and nonresidents ages 5-14 may sign up for the University City summer
youth recreation and teen activity programs. Activities include swimming,
tennis, golf, arts and crafts, field trips and more.

The six-week program, from June 27 through Aug. 5, operates at Barbara Jordan,
Brittany Woods, Delmar-Harvard, Flynn Park and Pershing schools.

Fees include field trips and program T-shirts. Scholarships are available.
Registration is Monday through Friday at Heman Park Centennial Commons, 7210
Olive Boulevard.

For more information, call 314-862-6767, ext. 275, or visit www.ucitymo.org.

FLORISSANT

Bethmann is selected as officer of the year

Florissant police officer Lori Bethmann has been chosen as officer of the year
by the Mental Health Association of Greater St. Louis. Bethmann, who has worked
for the department for 21 years, is trained in crisis intervention. She was
recognized for her action in saving a potential suicide victim.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              557 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                   New Orleans CityBusiness (New Orleans, LA)

                             August 25, 2003 Monday

BFI Waste Systems offers big bucks for cleaning trash

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 142 words


FI Waste Systems is offering grants for grassroots programs that reduce or
eliminate trash, beautify neighborhoods and educate the public on littering and
illegal dumping.<P>Each applicant can receive a maximum of $2,000 from the
Scottsdale, Ariz. -based company's Solid Waste Fund if the project is approved.
Groups and organizations may also apply. <P>Possible projects include
neighborhood clean-up parties, art projects that recycle refuse, lectures or
public relations campaigns.<P>Applications may be submitted at any time. The
grants must not be used to fund an organization's operating expenses, according
to company officials.<P>Complete information and guidelines can be obtained by
contacting B. Jean Lichtfuss by mail at BFI Solid Waste Grant Fund, 1340 Poydras
St., Suite 750, New Orleans LA 70112 or by calling 504 299-3670.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              558 of 995 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                              July 22, 2013 Monday

Authority Set To Buy Harrisburg Incinerator;
Board Seeks Grant For Improvements

BYLINE: Ad Crable

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 462  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Staff Writer

acrable@lnpnews.com

The county waste authority's purchase of the Harrisburg incinerator could be
announced within days, officials say.

Speaking Friday to the board of the Lancaster County Solid Waste Management
Authority, James Warner, the authority's chief executive officer, said closing
on the transaction hopefully would take place this fall.

Announcement of the deal would be made by Harrisburg's court-appointed receiver.
A representative for Covanta Energy, which runs both the Harrisburg and
Lancaster County's incinerators, said the announcement could be made "within
days."

The authority has been jockeying to buy the long-troubled Harrisburg incinerator
from the financially strapped city since 2011.

The move would accommodate Lancaster County's future generation of municipal
waste and make LCSWMA a regional authority.

Certainly, the authority is acting as if the matter is a fait accompli. At
Friday's board meeting, there were updates of a planned website dedicated to the
project and plans for an informational broadside to be sent to Dauphin County
residents, explaining the change in ownership.

And the authority already is offering certain positions at the Harrisburg
incinerator to its Lancaster staff.

Also, the board authorized Warner to apply for an $8 million grant from the
state that would be used toward $16 million in improvements the authority has
said it would make at the Harrisburg incinerator.

The grant is a "critical component" of the LCSWMA-Harrisburg incinerator deal,
Warner said, and the authority is counting on it.

The authority also moved to hire the services of an architect with the intent of
possibly spending up to $500,000 to thoroughly renovate and restore the historic
John J. Brubaker house at 821 Farmingdale Road in East Hempfield Township.

The stone house, last occupied by the Barden family until 2010, dates to 1823.
It is surrounded by the popular Farmingdale Trail, built by the authority.

The property also includes a stone bank barn that might date to 1750.

The Lancaster County Conservancy had considered buying the structures as a
caretaker's house for its proposed Urban Forest Center, but the conservancy has
withdrawn its plans.

If restored inside and out, a local Realtor said, it could be rented as an
"executive rental" for $2,000 to $2,500 a month.

Karen Weibel, LCSWMA board chair, noted her opposition to "demolition by
neglect."

"We have the means. I think it's the proper thing to do" she said of the
renovation project.

In other business, LCSWMA will close July 23 on a nearly 4-acre tract adjacent
to the transfer station on Harrisburg Pike that is owned by Burnham Commercial.
The authority is paying $1.35 million for the land.

Part of it will be used for the authority's compressed natural gas station.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              559 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     Daily Press - Victorville (California)

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                            March 22, 2006 Wednesday

County has eye on illegal dumping: County to place surveillance cameras at
active sites

BYLINE: Tracie Troha, Daily Press, Victorville, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 410 words


Mar. 22--SAN BERNARDINO -- In an effort to curb illegal dumping, the Board of
Supervisors on Tuesday approved a program to install surveillance cameras at
some the county's worst illegal dumping sites.     A reward system is also being
put in place to encourage residents to report illegal dumpers' license plates
numbers and other identifying information.

"Catching illegal dumpers is a difficult task in San Bernardino County because
we have so much open space where no one is watching," Second District Supervisor
Paul Biane said in a press release. "By installing cameras at some of the more
active dump sites and rewarding residents who help us nab these criminals, I
hope can catch more of them and deter others from dumping in our county in the
first place."     In addition to the surveillance cameras, code enforcement
officers will be using Global Positioning Systems to map illegal dumping grounds
throughout the county.     The Illegal Dumping Eradication Program was made
possible through $172,877 grant from the California Regional Water Quality
Control Board.     Some of the grant funds will also be used to purchase a
flatbed trailer and tractor to cleanup illegal dump sites.     First District
Supervisor Bill Postmus asked the county's Solid Waste Management Division to
apply for the grant. The division will also provide $100,000 in matching funds.
The county's solid waste and code enforcement divisions are currently drafting
an illegal dumping ordinance to impose stiff fines on dumpers and possibly allow
code enforcement to seize dumpers' vehicles.     The board also agreed to revise
their ethics policy to allow county employees to bid on county-owned property
after first seeking permission from the supervisors.     "Employees must go
before the board and present justification for why they want to purchase county
property before they can do so," County Administrative Officer Mark Uffer said.
Employees who fail to seek permission from the board could face stiff penalties.
Tracie Troha can be reached at 955-5358 or at ttroha@vvdailypress.com.     From
Here:     -- Back to today's news

-- News Archive

-- Join the discussion at the community forum

Copyright (c) 2006, Daily Press, Victorville, Calif. Distributed by Knight
Ridder/Tribune Business News. For information on republishing this content,
contact us at (800) 661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213)
237-6515, or e-mail reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060322-VV-0322-County-has-eye-on-illegal-dumping

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VV


                           Copyright 2006 Daily Press


                              560 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             June 30, 2015 Tuesday

Belarus Integrated Solid Waste Management Project

LENGTH: 381  words


Project ID: P114515
The objective of the Integrated Solid Waste Management Project for Belarus is
to: (i) increase environmental benefits of integrated solid waste management in
the City of Grodno through recovery and reuse of recyclable materials; and (ii)
strengthen national capacity to manage hazardous wastes associated with
Persistent Organic Pollutants (POPs). There are four components to the project.
Component one: construction of a mechanical waste separation treatment facility
in the City of Grodno.

This component is estimated to cost US$ 37 million, financed by a World Bank
loan. Funds will finance construction of a 120,000 ton/year modern mechanical
separation plant to recover recyclable materials from commercial and household
waste. Component two: waste separation management improvements. This component
is estimated to cost US$4.0 million, financed from Government budget. The
objective is to sequence improvements to separate waste at source so the
mechanical solid waste separation facility receives higher-quality dry input
materials to process. Component three: POPs stockpile management. This component
will cost an estimated US$26.7 million: US$5.5 million financed by a global
environment facility (GEF) grant; US$20.6 million financed from Government and
enterprise resources; and the balance from international sources such as United
Nation Development Program (UNDP), Swedish International Development Authority
(SIDA), North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO). Component four: project
management and other support activities: managing the solid waste management
(SWM) components (I & II) is estimated to cost US$ 2.65 million: the World Bank
will finance US$0.4 to support project staff, training, audits, and incremental
office operating expenses; Government will finance staffing, monitoring and
evaluation, including surveys; other official staffing support from the Ministry
of Hou
Project completion date : 2016-12-30 12:00:00
Major organization : MINISTRY OF HOUSING AND UTILITIES

Address : Belarus

Country :United States
Email : pic1@worldbank.org

Url : http://www.worldbank.org /infoshop

Financier : World Bank (WB),

Financier address : Financier :
WORLD BANK (WB)
1818 H Street, N.W.,
Washington, DC 20433
Tel: (202) 458-5454
Fax: (202) 522-1500

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              561 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              The Lima News (Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 11, 2014 Sunday

Putnam County awarded glass recycling grant

BYLINE: William Laney, The Lima News, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 479 words


May 11--LIMA -- Beginning June 1, Putnam County residents can recycle their
glass containers, removing about 155 tons of refuse from being deposited in
landfills.

The Ohio Environmental Protection Agency awarded Putnam County a $100,000 grant
to purchase glass collection bins and roll-off containers and to upgrade the
transfer station as part of a county-wide recycling initiative. The county also
will be working with Rumpke Recycling, who will be transporting and processing
the glass.

"The grant money is solely to get our glass program up and running," Community
Recycling Coordinator Ashley Siefker said, "and we will be able to sustain it
once we get all these improvements made."

She said the county intends to contribute $24,000 to help with the purchase of
recycling bins and to assist with any other costs.

Putnam County deposited about 140 tons of recycled glass in the Hancock County
landfill during the past year, Siefker said, and the county spent about $9,000
per year in labor, transportation and fees to dump the glass at the landfill.

Commissioner Vincent Schroeder said county officials have been working hard on
trying to find a market for recycled glass during the past year and "it was a
constant problem that the Ohio EPA actually helped us solve."

When the program is fully operational, she estimates they should be able to
remove more than 155 tons of glass from the county's waste stream and Putnam
County Solid Waste Management District workers intend to actively seek recycled
beverage containers and other types of glass from residents, restaurants,
taverns and other sources to reach a greater level of glass recycling.

Within four years, Solid Waste officials anticipate glass recycling in Putnam
County will surpass 200 tons annually.

"We are trying to be good stewards of the environment," Commissioner John Love
said. "Our goal was to take a product, like glass, out of the waste stream and
not to add to it. This offers a long-term solution."

The Solid Waste District is partnering with Rumpke Recycling to have the glass
transported from the county for free. The recycled glass will be taken to
Rumpke's glass recycling site for processing.

"Improvements in technology have made this transition possible," Commissioner
Travis Jerwers said. "We no longer have to be selective about separating colors
or size. Sophisticated machinery will do all the sorting in the Rumpke glass
recycling facility in Dayton."

The county already recycles cardboard and paper, which includes newspapers and
magazines, glass, plastic, and aluminum and other types of metal to reduce
refuse reaching the landfill. In 2004, the county's recycling rate was 11
percent while the latest data shows the recycling rate for the county at 61
percent.

___ (c)2014 The Lima News (Lima, Ohio) Visit The Lima News (Lima, Ohio) at
www.limaohio.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140511-LM-Putnam-County-awarded-glass-recycling-grant-0511-20140511

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LM


                          Copyright 2014 The Lima News


                              562 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Joplin Globe (Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 17, 2013 Thursday

EDITORIAL: Bill trashes effective program

BYLINE: The Joplin Globe, Mo.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 410 words


Jan. 17--Area residents recently dropped off old computers, televisions, VCRs
and other electronic gadgets at the Joplin Recycling Center.

Thousands and thousands of pounds of electronics were recycled at no charge to
residents who were looking to unload an old TV or dead keyboard. Better yet, it
kept these items out of our landfills. In some cases, the items were fixed and
someone else is getting new life out of what was once someone else's junk.

The event was sponsored here by the city of Joplin and the Region M Solid Waste
Management District. The district, on behalf of Joplin, recommended that the
recycle and reuse day be held and paid for through state grant money. It assists
cities throughout the region in helping residents recycle old tires, hazardous
waste and many other products that have no business in a landfill.

There are 20 such districts throughout Missouri that were formed in the 1990s
with the purpose of reducing the amount of trash that goes into our landfills.

Money to fund the local programs comes from tipping fees paid by waste haulers.
The Missouri Department of Natural Resources also receives a portion of those
tipping fees.

But if Sen. Kurt Schaefer, R-Columbia, gets his way, all 20 of those solid waste
districts will be dissolved and local control over the disbursements of grants
will go directly to the DNR.

Carthage and Joplin have formally passed resolutions opposing Schaefer's
pre-filed bill that would put decisions on where grants go into the hands of the
DNR.

Schaefer, former general counsel and deputy director of the Missouri Department
of Natural Resources, won't return the Globe's calls so we can find out why he
thinks eliminating the districts is a good idea. Nor will DNR return our phone
calls about this story so we can find out how it would oversee projects
throughout the state. Of course we are used to the DNR not returning calls. It
is increasingly unresponsive to public need, often citing cuts within its
departments as its excuse.

Schaefer's bill, if passed, would destroy recycling programs that are already in
place. We have little confidence that DNR, an agency bogged down by bureaucracy,
would adequately disburse grants here in Southwest Missouri, and the money
ultimately would get gobbled up by red tape.

Let's not undo 20 years' worth of good work.

___ (c)2013 The Joplin Globe (Joplin, Mo.) Visit The Joplin Globe (Joplin, Mo.)
at www.joplinglobe.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130117-JL-EDITORIAL-Bill-trashes-effective-program-0117-20130117

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JL


                        Copyright 2013 The Joplin Globe


                              563 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           November 26, 2015 Thursday

Vientiane waste-transfer

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 381 words


station to open yearend

Vientiane Times

Asia News Network

A Japanese grant-aid project will see the operation of a new waste-transfer
station in Vientiane and the addition of 70 new garbage trucks, to be put to use
in the capital as well as Luang Prabang and Xayaboury provinces.

Khamthavy Thaiphachanh, director general of the Department of Housing and Urban
Planning of the Ministry of Public Works and Transport, said the waste-transfer
station in Vientiane will be ready for use by yearend and it aims to improve
efficiency in solid waste-management in the city.

This station is being built to improve the urban environment in the city under
Project for Improvement of Solid Waste Management in Environmentally Sustainable
Cities, Khamthavy confirmed.

This grant aid project is worth 1.4 billion yen (Bt407 million) supported by the
Japanese government, he noted.

Currently construction is almost complete and the remaining work should be
completed ahead of the handover ceremony at the end of this year, an official
working on the project said.

Once complete, it will be able to facilitate the transfer of over 240 tonnes of
refuse per day.

Speaking at a ceremony at the station, Khamthavy said this project aims to
improve the urban environment by constructing the waste transfer station in
Vientiane as well as providing waste collection vehicles, other related vehicles
and some heavy equipment, together with a training programme.

He said under this project, more than 70 new vehicles and heavy equipment shall
be made available to municipal authorities in Vientiane, Luang Prabang and
Xayaboury.

In addition, training will be provided for operational staff to acquire skills
for the operation and maintenance of the transfer station, starting from this
month and running until mid-January, Khamthavy said.

Ambassador of Japan to Laos Hiroyuki Kishino visited the nearly completed
waste-transfer station and said, the importance of the new garbage collection
vehicles is that "citizens will enjoy great benefits through a clean and healthy
environment".

The ambassador noted, "They will contribute to creating a pleasant environment
for the 40th anniversary celebrations of Laos early next month as well the
60th-anniversary celebrations of diplomatic relations between the Lao PDR and
Japan."

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              564 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  February 12, 1993, FRIDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

CITY EFFORT TO BUILD WASTE PLANT PUZZLES REGIONAL OFFICIALS

BYLINE: Ralph Dummit Of the St. Charles Post Tommy Robertson of the St.

SECTION: ST. CHARLES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 733 words


St. Peters has applied for a $ 4.5 million grant to build a St. Charles County
Central Materials Processing Facility.

The city is seeking the grant from the Economic Development Administration of
the U.S. Commerce Department.

St. Peters proposes to contribute about five acres of land valued at $ 27,500
for the site and to guarantee an additional $ 1.5 million of city and/or private
money to develop the $ 6,027,500 facility.

The site is north of Interstate 70 between Spencer Creek and Highway C.

The center would be big enough to process about 400 tons of solid waste a day.
The application says the facility "will be designed to serve St.  Charles County
and the western region of metropolitan St. Louis." St. Peters will rely on St.
Charles County "to use its flow control powers to direct solid waste to the
facility, thus assuring . . . the success of the facility."

This aspect of the proposal is being questioned by David Oney, chairman of the
executive board of the East Central Solid Waste Management District, known as
Region I. Oney's board is developing a plan for disposing of waste for a
five-county area, including St. Charles County.

"We're confused," Oney said. "The question keeps coming up, if St.  Charles
County and St. Peters intend to operate on a countywide basis, why don't they
just withdraw from the region and let us get on with our task? St. Peters keeps
wanting to be a part of the region but constantly works on the county level."

Furthermore, Oney said, putting a waste-processing center in St. Peters "is not
necessarily in the best interest of the region." Besides St. Charles County, the
region includes Lincoln, Warren, Franklin and Montgomery counties.  Oney said
that to serve the region, the facility should be located farther west, perhaps
near Wentzville, Foristell or Wright City.

Oney also expressed concern about the ability of St. Peters to rely on the
county to direct the flow of all trash from the county to the new facility.
Some of the municipalities, Oney suggested, might balk at sending their solid
waste to St. Peters and might decide instead to assure the success of a
processing center developed elsewhere by members of the five-county region.

Oney predicted that the issue of flow control - the origin and destination of
solid waste, its volume and how much would be needed to make a processing center
feasible - ultimately would have to be settled by the courts.

Bob Hoepfner, secretary to the region's executive board and long a member of the
St. Charles County Solid Waste Task Force, was critical of St.  Peters' plan for
reaching into St. Louis County as a source of solid waste. He pointed out that
St. Charles County officials earlier had fought to remain independent of St.
Louis and St. Louis County and had chosen instead to be included in a region
with counties to the west.

Also, St. Charles Mayor Grace Nichols said on Thursday, "I have a major problem
with anyone who does not deal with the issue of solid waste on a regional
approach."

Hoepfner was critical of a new aspect of the St. Peters proposal - the
development of what Hoepfner labeled as an incinerator. The proposal calls for
energy to be recovered from non-recyclable refuse by means of "waste heat
recovery boilers (to) provide steam that could be sold to local industry and
businesses."

The St. Peters grant application says that five objectives of the city and the
county would be met by the construction of a central materials processing
facility. They are:

Provide a cost-effective solution to meet or exceed Missouri's requirements for
handling solid waste.

Encourage the diversion of materials from landfills and maximize the recovery of
recyclable materials.

Aid community development with an employment plan to staff much of the operation
with people who have lost jobs in the defense and automotive sectors.

Expand economic diversification by creating business opportunities and
incentives to encourage new product developments.

Commit economic development in an "environmental industrial park" where
businesses using raw materials and energy supplied by the center could develop
products for worldwide markets.

The grant application says that construction of the facility would create 300
jobs and that 60 to 70 permanent positions would be created to operate and
maintain the center.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              565 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times (Munster, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 26, 2010 Sunday

Trash-to-ethanol controversy swirls

BYLINE: The Times, Munster, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 331 words


Dec. 26--Lake County municipal leaders and solid waste officials spent much of
2010 debating the potential liability to taxpayers that public ownership of a
planned trash-to-ethanol facility would create.

In the end, proponents of removing county ownership from the plan won out with a
contract revision placing ownership back in the hands of the private company set
to build and operate the plant.

Now individual Lake County municipalities must decide whether to sign 20-year
pacts to send their trash to the yet-to-be-built facility in Schneider that
would recycle some of the garbage, and heat and distill other portions of the
trash into ethanol, a fuel alternative.

In a 2008 contract with Powers Energy of America, the Lake County Solid Waste
Management District pledged to consolidate the county's trash processing by
sending it to the Powers plant, which has yet to apply for or receive necessary
environmental permits.

Meanwhile, portions of the traditional trash-hauling and landfill industry were
considering their legal options as 2010 concluded.

Republic Services Inc. and National Solid Wastes Management Association
officials have said the county's contract with Powers could constitute a breach
of antitrust laws pertaining to the control of solid waste flow.

Proponents of the trash-to-ethanol plan argued throughout 2010 that it would
offer a cheaper trash processing alternative to Lake County residents and
contribute money to the local economy.

But opponents claim it is based on commercially unproven technology and would
produce a fuel alternative that is less efficient than other fuels and may not
last if government subsidies for ethanol dry up.

To see more of The Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.nwitimes.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Times, Munster, Ind.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101226-MU-Trash-to-ethanol-controversy-swirls-20101226

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MU


                            Copyright 2010 The Times


                              566 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           August 13, 1992, Thursday

GWINNETT BRIEFS Snellville hopes to hire arborist with 'America the Beautiful'
grant

SECTION: EXTRA; Section J; Page 2

LENGTH: 585 words


Snellville really is in the green these days.

Thanks to an "America the Beautiful" grant from the state, the city may soon be
able to hire its first arborist.

Sidney Anderson, a member of the city's Architectural Review Board, and former
resident Faye Meyers, now living in Texas, wrote the proposal that netted $
5,000 from a federal matching grants program administered by the Georgia
Forestry Commission.

That grant will be matched by $ 5,000 in city funds for a total of $ 10,000.

City officials in December approved Snellville's first tree and landscape
ordinance, requiring developers to take more responsibility for tree replacement
and landscaping when building new projects.

Within the next year, Mrs. Anderson hopes the city will have its own five-person
tree board to work closely with the arborist, who will work on a part-time
basis.

Lilburn waiting on wastes plan: Waste not, want not.

In Lilburn's case, however, the city wants to wait out a decision regarding its
newly proposed solid-waste incineration ordinance. The plan was presented to the
City Council on Monday by the planning department.

The ordinance is nearly identical to one adopted by Hall County in 1991. It
addresses incineration and disposal of all sorts of biomedical waste, including
pathological waste, biological waste, medical cultures, chemotherapy waste and
even contaminated animal carcasses. It also speaks to regulation of location,
operation and management of such an incineration facility.

It asserts that burning such waste is increasingly becoming an alternative to
landfill dumping and land disposal.

Although Lilburn never has had such a business, city officials have said that at
least one interested company has approached them about applying there.

More than a month ago, the city started work on an ordinance that would make
provisions for a biomedical waste company. Such operations have been barred from
East Point and Lithonia in the last few months.

Buford no longer picking up old cooling appliances: Buford residents will no
longer be able to put their refrigerators or air conditioners on the curb in
front of their homes and expect the city to pick them up.

The City Council had "no choice" but to stop the collection of these items last
week because they contain freon, a substance not allowed in landfills, City
Manager Mitch Peevy said.

"You can't dispose of freon in the landfill," Mr. Peevy said. "When it escapes,
it will contaminate the landfill and affect the ozone."

The city plans to send about two dozen refrigerators and air- conditioning units
that already have been collected to a business in Lawrenceville - A.L. Recycling
on Clayton Street - that recycles freon. But after that, residents will have to
figure out another way to get rid of the items.

"It comes down to the citizens disposing of them themselves," Mr. Peevy said.
"Once they get the freon out, you can dump the item in the landfill."

The cost of trucking these items back and forth to Lawrenceville would be too
expensive, Mr. Peevy said, adding that the monthly cost of backyard disposal is
$ 2 per household.

"There's not a large profit margin there," he said.

"We have 1,500 square miles to cover with only two trucks . . . We don't have
the capability to pick them up," he said. "We're going to do our best to assist
the residents."

A list will be made available telling residents where they can dispose of freon,
he said.

Staff writers Gail Hagans and Pamela Monastra compiled this report.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH922340376

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              567 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            April 12, 2014 Saturday

Managing medical (healthcare) waste from Peripheral Health Units (PHU) in Bo and
Pujehun Districts.

LENGTH: 473  words


Project Number: SLE/SGP/OP5/ STAR/CH/13/06/014
Country:  Sierra Leone
Area Of Work: Chemicals
Operational Phase: Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 30,000.00
Start Date: 7/2013
End Date: 6/2014
Status: Currently under execution
Project Description:The project is aimed at starting up a decentralised solid
waste management (SWM) scheme in Bo District, Southern Province, Sierra Leone.
Compost generated from the waste will be used to promote organic agriculture and
also discarded biomass will be used to establish energy-efficient fuel briquette
making enterprise. The project will have a two-sided effect: it will improve the
local environment, and also offer continuous employment to individuals from
socially and economically disadvantaged groups. The primary objective this
project is to reduce environmental degradation caused by solid waste through
Sustainable Waste Management (SWM) which strives for a maximum waste recovery by
composting, recycling, and reuse, and aims at zero waste to be disposed onto
dump-yards and landfills.


Grantee: ADVOCATE+
Organisation Mission : For GEF SGP, the community-based approach is the
cornerstone for addressing local and global environmental and sustainable
development challenges. SGP provides grants to civil society organizations
(CSOs), notably national and local non-governmental organizations (NGOs),
community-based organizations (CBOs), and indigenous peoples organizations. SGP
grantees may also include other not-for-profit organizations such as
professional associations, unions and other civil society groups.
By enabling a direct connection between sustainable livelihoods and the
generation of local and global livelihoods, SGP empowers communities to act and
participate in their own development and hence ensures community ownership and
impact. Over the course of the last 20 years, SGP has provided grants to over
12,000 grantees with 64 percent of grants channeled to NGOs, 34 percent to CBOs,
and 2 percent to other not-for-profit organizations. More than 60 percent of
projects have directly benefitted communities either through direct grants to
CBOs or through other NGOs and CSOs working with communities.
Project Partner :
GEF Secretariat
1818 H Street, NW, Mail Stop P4-400
Washington, DC 20433 USA
Tel: (202) 473-0508
Fax: (202) 522-3240/3245
Email: secretariat@thegef.org
Project completion date : 2014-06-30 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : 55 wilkinson road freetown,

western area, 23222
Attn:  Mr. Abu-Bakar S. Massaquoi

Country :Sierra Leone
Financier : Global Environment Facility (GEF),
United Nations Development Programme (UNDP),

Financier address : United Nations Development Programme
One United Nations Plaza
New York, NY 10017
Tel: +1 (212) 906-5000
Call: +1 (212) 963-1234
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              568 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           The Ironton Tribune, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 6, 2012 Tuesday

County seeking national beautification grants

BYLINE: Benita Heath, The Ironton Tribune, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 417 words


March 06--Keeping Lawrence County clean just keeps getting better and better for
Dan Palmer, director of the Lawrence-Scioto Solid Waste Management District.

Recently Lawrence and Scioto counties joined with 11 other counties in the area
to form a local chapter of the Keep America Beautiful organization. Now forming
Keep Southeast Ohio Beautiful may start paying some substantial dividends.

"You become aware of these national sponsors," Palmer said.

That means the local organization can apply for national grants, Palmer
discovered after a meeting with the new affiliate.

"I came back and that whole week I was doing nothing but writing grants," he
said. "I don't sit. I go after them."

Among those possible grants could be a $20,000 one from Lowe's that could mean
funds for landscape work around the county and another one from Coca Cola for
recycling containers.

"(With Lowe's) the community can purchase trees, shrubbery and flowers," Palmer
said. "With $20,000 I can do a lot with that. And the recycling containers are
nice mesh ones that Coke will ship directly to you. They want to make sure that
money goes strictly to recycling containers."

Already Coca Cola has teamed up locally with the Scioto-based bottling plant
agreeing to provide all the beverages for this spring's Great American Cleanup.

"(They are) bringing two trailers and setting up one or two tents," Palmer said.

Recently the solid waste district was one of 116 in the nation chosen by
Troy-Bilt to receive a new weed eater and backpack blower.

Letters have gone out to 46 groups expected to join in the one-day cleanup
around the county. Those who know they will be participating should contact
Palmer by April 6 to make sure there will be T-shirts for them.

Besides church and civic groups joining in the cleanup this year will be Rome,
Union, Fayette, Elizabeth, Lawrence and Perry townships.

"I am ecstatic over that, that we have that many townships," Palmer said. "That
is where our tonnage comes from. They bring in the rolloff (waste containers)."

Also new to the event will be South Point schools.

"Each and every person is important to us," he said. "We want to make it even
bigger. The growth we have had in five years is tremendous. We have volunteers
from elementary school kids to AARP. You have a wide spectrum of people."

This year's countywide cleanup will be May 5.

___ (c)2012 The Ironton Tribune (Ironton, Ohio) Visit The Ironton Tribune
(Ironton, Ohio) at www.irontontribune.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120306-1IR-County-seeking-national-beautification-grants-0306-20120306

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1IR


                    Copyright 2012 The Ironton Tribune, Ohio


                              569 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                   Chambersburg Public Opinion (Pennsylvania)

                            July 11, 2007 Wednesday

Resident raises questions on borough's trash policy

BYLINE: By ROSCOE BARNES III Staff writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 450 words


MERCERSBURG -- A Mercersburg woman wants borough officials to be more
open-minded and less stringent about trash collection.

At the Monday night borough council meeting, Terri Keyer of 216 Overhill Drive
said she often has six to eight bags of trash to be collected, but the borough
only allows three bags. Anything more and the resident is asked to use the
orange-colored bags sold by the borough at a cost of $3.25 each.

Then-Borough Manager Artie Speicher said borough officials have been open-minded
and that they spent two years working out the details for the trash collection.

The purpose of the ordinance, he said, is to encourage citizens to recycle.
Doing that would help to improve not only the local community, but "our whole
world living conditions," he said.

The borough currently has a three-year contract with Waste Management Inc. of
Upton. Collection terms of the contract allow for three bags and one bulky item
per week. Overall collection cost to borough residents is $39 per quarter for
senior citizens and $43 per quarter for regular citizens.

Keyer explained that she has a family of four and requires far more than three
bags a week for trash collection.

Speicher, however, emphasized the importance of recycling.

"We're the first to do something like this," he said, adding the policy is not
perfect and can be tweaked.

"We never had to recycle before," Keyer said.

Speicher said he understood, but that it is now important for "all of us to do
it, including me."

MPD receives $1,400

On an unrelated issue during the meeting, Mercersburg Police Chief Larry Thomas
presented council with two checks of $700 each from the local Veterans of
Foreign Wars and American Legion posts.

The service clubs donated the money for the police department's computers.

"We really, really appreciate that," Thomas said.

Mayor Jim Zeger also expressed gratitude.

"It's always nice to have community organizations to contribute to the welfare
of the community," he said.

DCED granted accepted

In other business, council officially accepted the $100,000 grant approved by
the Department of Community and Economic Development. The money will be used for
the restoration of the Irwin log house in Center Square.

Council member Betty Stenger told council that she had met with a number of
people with extensive experience in working with DCED grants. These people
assured her that the primary requirement is that the money be used for the
building. However, once restored, the borough is free to keep the building or
sell it, she said.

"I feel confident we're perfectly safe in accepting the grant, and signing it,"
Stenger said.

----------

Roscoe Barnes III can be reached at 262-4762 or rbarnes@publicopinionnews.com .

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                              570 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          January 21, 2015, Wednesday

Recycling center may be demolished;
New facility would be built on present site

BYLINE: Rusty Marks, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1C

LENGTH: 411 words


Members of the Kanawha County Solid Waste Authority want to tear down the
crumbling Slack Street recycling facility and replace it with a new building on
the same site.

"I'm looking at a modest facility, not something we're going to sink millions of
dollars into, Solid Waste Authority board member Dave Armstrong said at an
authority meeting Tuesday.

Armstrong, recently appointed by the Kanawha County Commission to replace former
solid waste board member Kasey Russell, has been working closely with county
officials on a plan to save Kanawha County's foundering recycling program. In
2013, the Solid Waste Authority entered into a lease agreement with businessman
George Hunyadi to run the recycling center, but Hunyadi pulled out late last
year, taking most of the facility's equipment with him and leaving the county
recycling program all but gutted.

Solid waste officials hope to start small in rebuilding the recycling program,
beginning with razing the dilapidated building at Slack Street, using the rubble
to fill in the existing hole, and then building something new on top of the
existing site.

Ray Keller, with the West Virginia Solid Waste Management Board, said the
management board has low-interest loans available to build and equip recycling
facilities around the state, The board offers loans of up to $1 million, with an
interest rate of 1 percent.

However, the loans take up to eight months to process and have strict
guidelines, including putting up collateral. Keller said collateral could be a
problem for the Kanawha County Solid Waste Authority, because Hunyadi took
almost everything of value with him when he left.

However, Keller also said the solid waste board could get a loan from another
institution and refinance it through the West Virginia Solid Waste Management
Board at the lower, 1 percent rate. He also said the management board offers up
to $20,000 in emergency grants for struggling recycling programs.

"Get all the free money you can, he advised the solid waste board.

Members of the Solid Waste Authority board also agreed on a list of equipment
they'll need to replace to get the recycling program up and running again. Solid
waste officials hope to get some financial help from the Kanawha County
Commission.

Armstrong said he should have a better idea on the costs involved in tearing
down the Slack Street facility within a week or so.

Reach Rusty Marks at rustymarks@wvgazette.com, 304-348-1215 or follow
@rusty_marks on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers


                              571 of 995 DOCUMENTS

               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Oxfordshire

                                 April 21, 2005

Landfill grant pays for wildlife centre

SECTION: News

LENGTH: 289 words


An education centre is being created at Oxford University's arboretum thanks to
a grant of nearly £50 000 from a waste disposal company using landfill tax
credits.

The Harcourt Arboretum at Nuneham Courtenay will house the new centre thanks to
a grant of £49 612 from Biffaward a multi-million pound environment fund managed
by the Royal Society of Wildlife Trusts.

It utilises landfill tax credits donated by Biffa Waste Services.

The arboretum was established in 1835 and is now the satellite garden for
university's Botanic Garden.

It covers 80 acres of land containing different woodlands glades and wildflower
meadows houses a 175-year-old collection of trees from all over the world and a
10-acre bluebell wood.  The Biffaward grant to Toe -- the Trust for
Oxfordshire's Environment -- is being used to convert an existing lodge into an
education centre.

It will provide interpretation about the site and general conservation issues
together with public toilets with disabled access kitchen facilities and an
education room.

The centre will be used by casual visitors school parties and other organised
groups including adult education.

The grant from Biffaward includes a £4 961 contribution from the Friends of
Oxford Botanic Garden.

Under Government regulations only 90 per cent of a grant can be provided from
landfill tax -- the remaining 10 per cent must come from another source.

Botanic Garden curator Louise Allen said: "We are extremely excited about our
education and visitor centre.

"Without the generous support of Biffaward the project would not have been
possible.

"This valuable resource will enable visitors of all ages to learn more about the
arboretum.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2005 NewsQuest Media Group Limited


                              572 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   March 5, 1992, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

52,000 STUDENTS BEGIN RECYCLING PAPER GATHERING IS FIRST IN ILLINOIS, PERHAPS;
IN NATION

BYLINE: Robert Goodrich Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: ILLINOIS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 463 words


St. Clair County's 52,000-plus students - public and parochial - have begun a
unified paper recycling program.  Officials say it is the first such system to
be put into effect in Illinois and may be the first of its type in the nation.
Martha O'Malley, regional school superintendent, said agreement to participate
was unanimous and enthusiastic.  Typical was Grant School in Fairview Heights,
where the recycling is being coordinated and directed by 7th- and 8th-graders -
with advice from their science teacher, Teresa Fehrenz.  The students plaster ed
school walls with posters advertising the project.  Fehrenz said that seemed to
work.  ''We filled half the dumpster with only one collection,'' she said
Tuesday, the day the project went into full swing. ''If all the other schools
are doing as well as we are, it should be quite successful.'' Students also
police what goes into the cardboard boxes used for collection. Theme paper is
acceptable, for example, but envelopes with a plastic window for an address are
not.  St. Clair County Board member Frank H. Boyne, D-Belleville, helped
organize the recycling project. He said it is not expected to be profitable, but
would provide valuable training and education.  Boyne is distributing can
crushers to the county's schools to encourage them to recycle aluminum as well
as paper.  Students will see the value of recycling ''and bug their parents
about it,'' Boyne predicted.  Jed Deets, assistant regional school
superintendent, said a committee of educators from throughout the county had
worked on recycling for over a year. Some schools tried their own programs.
Students were eager to recycle, but finding someone willing to make regular
pickups and trips to a recycling center was a problem, Deets said.  That's where
Boyne entered the picture, as a member of the County Board's Environment
Committee.  He helped arrange for distribution of 4,000 small waste boxes and
1,000 bigger ones, all made of recycled cardboard, among the county's 110 or
more schools.  The waste boxes will be emptied into a one- or two-cubic-yard bin
to be picked up weekly by a truck from Waste Management Inc. under a contract
approved by the County Board in January.  Waste Management will be paid $40 a
month for each school. The county will be reimbursed a penny a pound for
recyclable paper. Boyne said that would pay about one-fourth the program's cost.
He said the county expects to subsidize the project with $43,980 this year from
the dumping fees it collects from landfill operators. He estimated the schools
would produce about 60 tons of recyclable paper a month.  The Environment
Committee, headed by Wade H. Brusmann, D-Belleville, organized a similar program
on a smaller scale last year for county offices.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; PHOTO...Ted Dargan/Post-Dispatch...Seventh-grade students at
Grant School in Fairview Heights pile paper into a recycling bin.

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              573 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           February 3, 2011 Thursday

Putting waste to good use

BYLINE: Binay Singh

SECTION: VARANASI

LENGTH: 755 words


VARANASI: The municipal corporation is trying to clean up the city in view of
the proposed visit of chief minister Mayawati, who is nowadays on an inspection
tour of various districts for a first hand account of the development works and
civic amenities. The biggest problem being faced by it is improper management of
municipal waste. In absence of solid waste management system in the city, the
municipal waste finds way to roadsides or landfill sites. However, work is in
progress for the establishment of a solid waste management plant.

"The answer to this problem can be found in the waste-to-energy project that
fulfils twin objectives of sanitation and energy generation," state coordinator
of bio-energy mission cell, department of planning, PS Ojha. According to him,
the solid waste management in cities is mainly based on composting. "It will
give double benefit if it is based on the process of methanation," he said and
added efforts were being made to introduce the process in SWM projects of
cities. "We had a meeting with the principal secretary, urban development, in
this regard recently," Ojha told TOI over phone.

With a slogan of 'kachra lao, bio-gas le jao' (Bring agro waste, get bio-gas),
the bio-energy mission cell established bio-gas unit at Mishrawallia village in
Ballia district in 2008. Mishrawallia became the first village of its kind in UP
to have community bio-gas unit for piped bio-gas supply to rural households. It
is a pilot project sponsored by the UNICEF to generate bio-gas and supply to the
villagers through pipeline for domestic use. All types of agricultural and other
organic household waste are utilised for bio-gas generation. It needs 20% per
cent dung and 80% other agro wastes like grass, fodder and vegetable waste for
the generation of bio-gas. The unit is run by a group of local youths. The
UNICEF provided a grant in aid of Rs 17.53 lakh in 2006-07 to installed three
units of 100 cubic meter capacity in the village with a 10% contribution from
the villagers.

"Now, we are trying to replicate the project across the state," said Ojha,
adding that it had been linked with the Total Sanitation Campaign (TSC) of the
Central government. "In a major development, the Panchayatiraj department has
agreed to replicate the Ballia model in other districts of the state," he said
and informed that a project had been established in Kaushambi district while the
process was under progress in Sant Kabir Nagar and Mathura. The project is
mainly for rural and semi-urban areas. The bio-gas is a clean-fuel having
comparatively lower per day investment to a villagers for its consumption in
comparison to LPG. Besides, the units will also produce good quality compost,
which can also be easily marketed.

"The model can also be replicated in urban areas," he said. The urban waste is a
smaller component than other sources of renewable power generation but its
proper utilisation in energy generation can keep the city clean and solve the
sanitation related problems of municipal bodies. In Varanasi, about 600 MT
municipal waste is generated everyday.

Cow dung is the answer

VARANASI: In rural areas, cow dung is used as fuel in households by converting
it into dung cakes. The report of Bio-energy Mission Cell suggests that
livestock particularly cows can solve the energy problem of the country, if
managed and utilised in a planned way.

According to PS Ojha, the coordinator of the cell, the cow dung is rich in
calorific value and it can produce fuel if properly decomposed in a bio-digester
in anaerobic condition. The anaerobic decomposition of organic waste leads to
methane production, which is a good fuel. As per calorific value one kg of
methane gas is more or less equal in energy content to one kg of petrol, LPG,
kerosene or diesel. A cow gives enough cow-dung in a year to produce methane gas
equivalent to 255 litres of petrol in energy terms. The cow-dung and other
organic wastes in rural areas can be used to produce methane. The by-product can
serve as excellent organic manure replacing chemical fertilisers.

According to the report, the cow dung of 200 million cows can produce 50 million
tons of manure, which can be used for two rotations in a year to take care of
the fertiliser needs of the entire 143 million hectares in the country. Since
this process leads to safe disposal of organic waste and methane generation for
fuel, it saves the green house gas emission and quantum of methane generated is
likely to earn carbon credits.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              574 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

             November 27, 1989, MONDAY, ILLINOIS FIVE STAR Edition

SETTLEMENT BENEFITS RECYCLING

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6I

LENGTH: 654 words


CHICAGO (AP) - Communities and companies across the state will be receiving
nearly $11 million for recycling and for handling compost waste under the
settlement of a lawsuit in Cook County circuit court.  Judge Sophia Hall
approved an agreement last week between the state, landfill operators and waste
haulers to settle a challenge to a 1986 law that had forced haulers to pay a $1
surcharge for every ton they dumped in landfills.  The law was passed to finance
alternative ways of getting rid of the 11 million tons of garbage that
accumulates in Illinois every year.  But in September 1987 Hall declared the law
unconstitutional because it failed to allow haulers to apply for an exemption
for waste they already had contracted to haul before the act was passed.  The
Legislature amended the Solid Waste Management Act last year to allow for the
exemptions, and the state provided for refunds of $8 million to landfill
operators.  But 10 haulers challenged the refunds, contending that more than
$900,000 should go to the haulers who paid the fees. Ronald Buikema and Jon
Duncan, lawyers for the haulers, said landfill operators paid the surcharges and
then frequently passed on the cost to haulers.  The 1988 amendment allowed
haulers to pass the surcharges on to their customers under the old contracts and
provided a means to apply for exemptions on future contracts.  Buikema and
Duncan said they agreed to settle the challenge for $360,000, or the same
percentage of refunds given to landfill operators. The refunds to landfill
operators and haulers were part of an escrow fund of $21 million t hat had built
up since the court challenge began. The fees haulers paid ranged from $500 a
year to more than $25,000, depending on the amount of refuse dumped.  After
payment of the refunds and $2 million in attorneys fees, $10.7 million will be
available for recycling and compost grants from the Illinois Department of
Energy and for solid waste disposal planning grants from the state Environmental
Protection Agency, said Michael Wynne, special assistant attorney general.
Municipalities face a deadline next July to stop dumping yard waste, such as
lawn clippings and leaves, into landfills; and they will need the grants to pay
for alternative means of disposal, said Wynne.  Besides the $10.7 million freed
up last week, the state has available another $11 million that it either already
has paid to municipalities or firms, or has earmarked for such programs.  The
$11 million comes from payments from landfill operators and haulers who chose
not to challenge the 1986 law, Wynne said.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              575 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                            February 15, 2004 Sunday

Dorothy Pond gets Wheelabrator aid;
 Donation helps clear weeds

BYLINE: Donna Boynton; STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 546 words

DATELINE: MILLBURY


MILLBURY-On a summer day, Jude Cristo can be out in the middle of Dorothy Pond,
look up and see the American flag and a smokestack in the distance. For Mr.
Cristo, president of the Dorothy Pond Watershed Association, such a site is not
a symbol of industry at odds with its surrounding environment, but of a
symbiotic relationship between Dorothy Pond and Wheelabrator Millbury Inc., the
trash-processing plant located within its watershed.

As a further sign of that harmony, Wheelabrator last week presented a $15,000
grant check to the Dorothy Pond Watershed Association to be applied to the cost
of the deweeding project scheduled for this summer. The grant is from Waste
Management Inc., Wheelabrator's parent company, through a program specifically
earmarked for nonprofit organizations. Fred Confalone, general manager of
Wheelabrator Millbury Inc., applied for the grant on behalf of the Dorothy Pond
Watershed Association.

This is not the first time Wheelabrator has offered financial assistance to the
watershed association, but it is the largest donation to date. Wheelabrator
provided the watershed association with its seed money when the group first
formed in 1997, and has also assisted in efforts to clean up Broadmeadow Brook,
which feeds into Dorothy Pond.

"We want to be part of the community," said Mr. Confalone, in presenting the
check to Mr. Cristo and Joseph F. Coggans Jr., the first president and charter
member of watershed association and now a member of the Board of Selectmen. "We
want the community to be better off because we're here."

The grant comes at a time when the state is no longer offering financial
assistance to lakes and ponds, said Mr. Cristo. The cost to deweed the pond is
estimated to be about $22,000, said Mr. Cristo. Much of the watershed
association's money comes from its members, and the association also relies on
business and corporate donations, said Mr. Cristo.

The Dorothy Pond Watershed Association will hold its annual meeting Feb. 28 at
Millbury Health Care on Millbury Avenue and will likely begin deweeding in June.
The Dorothy Pond Watershed Association is the fund-raising arm of the
partnership it has with Dorothy Pond Restoration Committee.

Since the project does not involve state or federal dollars, it will not have to
go through a bidding process, said Mr. Cristo.

In addition to the deweeding dollars from WasteManagement, Wheelabrator itself
is donating the funds to engineer and build a beach at Dorothy Pond, lifting
that financial burden from the Millbury residents. That has already been
approved by the Conservation Commission. That separate, financial support, will
be used to develop 20 acres of land adjacent to Dorothy Pond donated by Buck
Brothers in 1998.

"Times being what they are, it is hard to go and ask for money for a beach,"
said Mr. Coggans, a past president of the watershed association. Mr. Coggans
said the town has been struggling with building a town beach since his first
town meeting n 1968, and Wheelabrator's donation seems to bring that long
awaited goal closer.

Dorothy Pond is the only pond or lake that is completely in Millbury.

"If it wasn't for Wheelabrator, we'd just have a pond choked with weeds and no
public access," said Mr. Cristo.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS; T&G Staff/PAULA FERAZZI SWIFT; (1) Weeds will be removed from
Dorothy Pond in Millbury this summer. The project received a major boost thanks
to a donation from Wheelabrator. (2) Fred Confalone, general manager of
Wheelabrator Millbury, writes a $15,000 check out to the Dorothy Pond Watershed
Association as Jude Christo, president of the Watershed Association. and Joseph
Coggans, charter member of the association and a Millbury selectman, watch.

               Copyright 2004 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              576 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   April 23, 1993, FRIDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

LANDFILL; OFFICIALS STUDY QUARRY PLAN RULING

BYLINE: Ralph Dummit Of the St. Charles Post

SECTION: ST. CHARLES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 702 words


St. Peters Mayor Thomas W. Brown says that he and other city officials are
struggling to understand a 12-page opinion rendered this week by the Missouri
Court of Appeals, Western District.  The court reversed a decision by the Cole
County Circuit Court and ruled that St. Peters is prohibited from acquiring land
for a landfill outside its boundaries "by condemnation or the threat of it." The
land - 29 acres, including a limestone quarry in an unincorporated part of St.
Charles County - was acquired in 1989 by St. Peters for use as a sanitary
landfill and recycling facility.  St. Peters did not acquire the land by
condemnation proceedings. But, the court opinion said, "The city points to the
power of eminent domain as its source of power to acquire such property and
advances a number of arguments, which it claims give it the right of
condemnation outside of its corporate boundaries for a landfill." In challenging
that view, a suit by St. Charles County contended that the city had no authority
to condemn property outside of its corporate limits and that even if such power
exists, the court opinion said, "there is no authority to condemn for a landfill
within the unincorporated area of the county." The St. Peters mayor, explaining
on Thursday that the quarry site is a part of St. Peters' comprehensive waste
management plan, said, "From responding to a very simple need (to avert) a
future crisis, we are now involved in a legal jungle. At this time, our attorney
and city administrator are trying to untangle what the judges said . . . We
don't know where we're at. The legal embroilment is absolutely amazing." Voicing
his frustration at efforts to solve the waste-management problem, Brown said it
is common knowledge that the cost of disposing of solid waste "is going to
skyrocket and that 80 percent of the landfills are going to be closed in three
years." The Court of Appeals focused on a narrow aspect of the decision by the
Cole County court. "Our inquiry," wrote appellate Judge Forest W. Hanna, "is
limited to the dispositive issue as to whether the city has the authority to
acquire land by condemnation outside its boundaries but within the boundaries of
a county." A footnote points out that the court was not considering whether the
property would be subject to the county's zoning regulations - which the former
St. Charles County Commission contended - or whether St. Peters could acquire
property outside its boundary by means other than condemnation.  St. Peters had
cited the Solid Waste Disposal Act that requires each city to adopt and submit
to the state Department of Natural Resources a solid waste manangement plan
within its boundaries. In order to enact the plan, cities are given the
authority to "acquire all necessary land." St. Peters contended that state
lawmakers traced their authority to enact the waste disposal act to the state
constitution, which grants to the Legislature "a right for cities to acquire
property for the health and general welfare of its people." The appellate court
observed that St. Peters "interprets this grant to include the power to condemn
outside of its corporate limits." At the same time, St. Peters acknowledged that
the Solid Waste Disposal Act does not "expressly grant" the city the right to
condemn land for a landfill.  The Court of Appeals concluded that the the Solid
Waste Disposal Act "does not contain any language that expressly provides for
the city to acquire land outside of its boundaries." Frederick W. Drakesmith, a
lawyer of St. Charles who represented homeowners living in the proposed landfill
area, said Thursday that St. Peters had included references to eminent domain in
its contracts to acquire land outside the city "because they didn't have any
authority to do otherwise." Drakesmith said the Court of Appeals "didn't wrestle
with the other issues, like zoning," because the judges thought by prohibiting
the landfill acquisition no other issues remained.  He pointed out that St.
Peters has the option of seeking a rehearing and petitioning the Supreme Court
to hear the case.  St. Peters City Administrator Robert Irvin could not be
reached for comment on the city's plan of action.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              577 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     The Sentinel (Carlisle, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             January 5, 2015 Monday

South Middleton Township seeks bids for larger-capacity recycling containers

BYLINE: Joseph Cress, The Sentinel, Carlisle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 610 words


Jan. 05--SOUTH MIDDLETON TOWNSHIP -- Township officials hope to launch an
initiative in March to provide larger-capacity bins to local residents not to
only boost participation in recycling, but to increase the amount of revenue
South Middleton receives from an annual state performance grant.

The supervisors are seeking bids from trash haulers willing to distribute to
each household a 64-gallon cart residents could use to wheel a greater volume of
recyclables to the curb, Supervisor Tom Faley said. The current recycling bins
have only a 15-gallon capacity.

Bids are due from haulers in early January, with action possible at the Jan. 22
township meeting, Faley said. He added that the supervisors last month rejected
the first round of bids because the initial specifications called for a
96-gallon cart for recyclables.

Township residents not enrolled in the tag-a-bag program already have a
96-gallon cart that is used to wheel regular trash to the curb, Faley said. He
was among the supervisors who felt that having a second 96-gallon cart would
take up too much space in local households.

The current trash removal and recycling contract with Advanced Disposal expires
on March 2, Faley said. Advanced Disposal has been the township's trash hauler
since 2010. Before that, the service provider was Waste Management Inc.

There was discussion leading up to the township's preparing the initial bid
specifications. Both the supervisors and staff noted a significant drop-off in
the tonnage of recyclables generated by local residents and businesses, Faley
said. He presented statistics tracking the downward trend.

In 2007, residents and businesses generated 3,141 tons of recyclables, earning
for the township a state performance grant of $72,960. The following year, the
yield increased to 4,499 tons, and the township earned an $84,650 grant.

"Then the double whammy hits," Faley said. "In 2010, the state mandated a
40-percent cut in the recycling formula."

While local residents and businesses generated 4,194 tons that year, the grant
amount was $36,051 -- or less than half of what the township received two years
earlier in 2008.

"We became concerned about the slippage in the township recycling performance,"
said Faley, who explained he was not sure why there is a decline.

He explained how residents and businesses only generated 1,514 tons of
recyclables in 2012, yielding a grant of $20,760. That total went up slightly in
2013, to 1,871 tons, earning the township a grant of $30,154. The thinking was:
if the township could give residents more capacity, the level of participation
would climb back to what it was before and result in larger performance grants,
Faley said.

"By doing this, we believe there is an environmental pay-off, saving natural
resources," he added. "There is also a greater pay-off if we make more tonnage."

Because the 64-gallon carts can be sealed with a lid, there will be less chance
of paper products blowing all over the street and less chance to draw insects to
discarded food containers, Faley said. Those residents on a tag-a-bag option
will still have the use of a 35-gallon container for recyclables.

The township published an article in its winter newsletter announcing the
pending changes in the size of the collection bins as a way to educate the
public on the need to recycle, Faley said. He added about $20,000 of the revenue
from the grant is used to operate the township compost facility.

Email Joseph Cress at jcress@cumberlink.com or follow him on Twitter
@SentinelCress

___ (c)2015 The Sentinel (Carlisle, Pa.) Visit The Sentinel (Carlisle, Pa.) at
www.cumberlink.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150105-JV-South-Middleton-Township-seeks-bids-for-larger-capacity-recycling-co
ntainers-0105-20150105

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JV


                          Copyright 2015 The Sentinel


                              578 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             March 31, 2015 Tuesday

Warren

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 409 words


LEBANON

Commissioners to discuss new plat

The Warren County Board of Commissioners is expected to sign today the new plat
for the county government campus in Lebanon and discuss the Ohio Development
Services Agency's new redevelopment grant application agreement for up to $3
million set aside for communities that lost horse racing tracks due to the
legalization of racinos in Ohio.

The commissioners meet at 9 a.m. at 406 Justice Dr. in Lebanon. An executive
session on personnel matters and public hearing on hospital revenue bonds for
Mercy Health are also scheduled. For more information, visit
www.co.warren.oh.us, email c ommissioners@co.warren.oh.us or call 513- 695
-1250. LAWRENCE BUDD

KINGS MILLS

School officials to discuss finances

Kings Superintendent Timothy J. Spinner and Treasurer Shaun Bevan will discuss
the district's current financial situation, the district's financial forecast
and the upcoming permanent improvement levy on May 5 ballots from 7 p.m. to 8:30
p.m. Tuesday, April 7 in the Kings Junior High Multipurpose Room, 5620 Columbia
Road. A brief question and answer session will follow the presentation. Kings
board members and other district administrators will also answer questions.

For more information, call 513-398-8050. STAFF REPORT

SPRINGBORO

Council to consider refuse disposal bid

The Springboro City Council is scheduled to consider a resolution Thursday to
sign a contract with Waste Management Inc. for a contract for residential refuse
hauling and disposal, curbside recycling and yard waste collection for residents
and city facilities.

The City solicited and received three proposals for the service.

The lowest and best bid to maintain these services as they are currently
provided, with a one-day base bid collection schedule, was $14.33 per unit per
month from Waste Management of Ohio.

The proposal is for five years with two two-year extensions.

The city is also scheduled to consider repairing aprons and sidewalks as part of
an annual program. The property owners will be charged or assessed unless they
complete the repairs by Friday, May 29.

Staff estimated the square footage costs at $7 per square foot for sidewalk work
and $8 per square foot for driveway aprons. An additional $1 per square foot
charge is due for aprons 2 inches thicker than sidewalks.

The council meets at 6 p.m. in work session and 7 p.m. in formal session at city
hall, 320

W. Central Ave.

For more information, call 937-748-4343. LAWRENCE BUDD

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              579 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                 Grant County Press (Petersburg, West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                November 4, 2014

Region VIII SWA honors retiring board members and community partners

BYLINE: Grant County Press staff

LENGTH: 373  words


The Region VIII Solid Waste Authority recently honored two retiring members of
its board of directors, Frances J. Welton and Janice D. LaRue. Welton served for
39 years and LaRue served for 12 years.

"We are very grateful for the dedication that Mrs. Welton and Mrs. LaRue have
shown over the years," said Jeff Slack, executive director of Solid Waste
Authority. "These ladies have faithfully attended board meetings and provided a
great service to the region and its citizens for many years."

Welton was one of the original board members first appointed to serve on the
Region VIII Solid Waste Authority when it was created by the five county
commissions (Grant, Hampshire, Hardy, Mineral and Pendleton) in 1975. She served
on numerous committees during her tenure on the board including the executive
committee and the audit review committee. Her affiliation with so many other
groups in the region and her leadership in the area of disaster preparedness
made her a very valuable board member.

LaRue, who served as the Mineral County Commission's appointee to the board was
actively involved with solid waste, litter control and recycling issues in the
region and across the state through her involvement with the Association of West
Virginia Solid Waste Authorities.

In addition to honoring retiring board members, the authority also recognized
the following community partners that have provided valuable assistance over the
past year: Dave Workman, West Virginia University Cooperative Extension Service
for his assistance in helping to develop a pilot recycling program for
agricultural plastics; Harmony Dressier, West Virginia Department of
Environmental Protection for her assistance in educating residents of the region
on matters related to litter control and recycling, and Dennis Rogers, Grant
County Housing Authority, for his assistance in making their facilities safe for
public use.

Created in 1975, the principle mission of the authority has always been to
provide local, state-approved locations for citizens, businesses and industries
to dispose of their nonhazardous solid waste through collection services as
provided by the private waste collection companies in the region or through
direct transport to their facilities.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GTC

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 Grant County Press


                              580 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           Red Deer Express (Alberta)

                            July 11, 2012 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

CitySpeak

BYLINE: Lynne Mulder, Red Deer Express

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR; CitySpeak; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 593 words


This week, Express reporter Erin Fawcett has asked Councillor Lynne Mulder
questions regarding Plasco and the next steps for a green solution to solid
waste management.

What is happening in the pursuit of a green solution for solid waste management
since the decision was made not to proceed with Plasco?

"The Central Alberta Waste Management Commission (CAWMC) has made a renewed
commitment to continue to work together to look for the best solid waste
management solution for our region," said Mulder. "Strong support exists for a
regional solution.As a result the commission (CAWMC) will remain intact and will
continue to work together in the future.

"To date the commission has focused on forming a 'technical group' under the
leadership of Red Deer City and Red Deer County administration. They have been
charged with the responsibility of facilitating an assessment of the specific
needs of each community within the commission regarding their waste management
requirements - solutions that would address composting, recycling, recovery
(waste to energy solutions like Plasco) and generally ways to reduce the garbage
we produce."

She added a hierarchy exists which identifies five levels of handling our
garbage - starting at the top of the hierarchy - reduce, reuse, recycle, recover
and landfill.

"Rather than only focusing on recovery (Plasco) as we did five years ago, we all
feel strongly that we should put more emphasis on the higher levels of the
pyramid," said Mulder. "As a result, we have partnered with a provincial group
called Alberta Innovates, and have applied for a grant which the commission
would match, to conduct research into the nature of our garbage. It is not
enough to know how much garbage each community produces, it is equally or even
more important to know what the composition of our residential, commercial and
industrial garbage is.

"Only then can we understand what kind of solutions we need for our region.
Beginning in the fall, research will be conducted which will include sampling
the garbage in each community for composition. The researchers will do up to
five samplings over the period of a year, in each community, in order to assess
the nature of the garbage during all seasons. Only then would recommendations be
made as to what solution(s) we should be exploring next."

Can you tell us a bit about the work to date on the waste management master plan
that the City is currently exploring?

"Work has been proceeding over the past six months or so, to develop a master
plan for the City. Consultants/experts in the field have worked closely with
City staff to put together a framework for such a plan with the goal of
developing a 10-year implementation plan and schedule which we can use as a
guide to our preferred future," said Mulder. "Council has been involved through
a workshop and have identified priorities they see (based on what they hear from
their constituents) and have provided initial direction to staff and
consultants.

"The department already has a lot of data that has been collected in recent
years through surveys, and also some great data which emerged from the
environmental master plan - the two plans must be viewed together. This includes
information from our public on such things as the handling of organic waste,
enhanced residential and commercial recycling, handling of construction and
demolition waste, composting etc. A program which provides for promotion and
education will be a big part of the plan and will be one of the first things we
do in terms of getting the public on board."

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Red Deer Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              581 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           September 18, 2009 Friday

TP approves action plan of Rs 1.23 crore

LENGTH: 306  words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, Oct. 18 -- The Town Panchayat has approved an action plan of Rs 1.23
crore to utilise the grants from the State Finance Commission (SFC).The approval
was given during the TP's general meeting chaired by TP President Nalini Ganesh
recently.The Panchayat decided to allot Rs 28 lakh for the welfare of the
members of Scheduled Castes (SCs) and Scheduled Tribes (STs).The rest of the
amount will be used for drainage system, drinking water supply, cleanliness and
the like.Town Panchayat Chief Officer M H Sudhakar Bhat said the action plan
intends to provide more facilities to the economically backward people and slum
dwellers."In many colonies, people are already experiencing shortage of drinking
water. The pipes laid here are very old.

On the other hand, the project of supplying drinking water from Harangi to the
town is at snail's pace. Hence, it is inevitable to give priority to drinking
water supply," said members Dakshayini and Geetha.Another member N S Murthy
expressed his disappointment that necessary steps have not been taken to solve
drinking water woes in the town, even though the Town Panchayat has been
receiving good grant from the government.Member Fayaz suggested that the grant
under 12th Finance Plan could be used for improving the solid waste management
system in the town.Reacting to this, the TP President said the location at
Siddalingapura meant for solid waste management has been approved by the Deputy
Commissioner.The Chief Officer informed the meeting that the project of
constructing more toilets in the town under Nirmala Nagara scheme is on the
cards.Vice President Vijayalakshmi Suresh was present on the occasion. Published
by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For more information
on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              582 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            February 25, 2013 Monday

Tajikistan-Kurgan-Tyube Solid Waste Projecst

LENGTH: 497  words


Country : Tajikistan
Project number: 43754
Business sector:Municipal and environmental infrastructure
Public/Private: Public
Environmental category: B
Board date:16 Apr 2013
Status: Passed concept review, Pending final review
PSD disclosed : 6 Feb 2013
Project Description :


The EBRD is considering providing financing for a programme of priority capital
investments to improve the solid waste management services in Kurgan-Tyube city.
Proceeds from this transaction will support an investment programme aimed to
(i) improve landfill sanitary/operating standards and
(ii) increase efficiency/coverage of solid waste operations in Kurgan-Tyube.
Transition Impact
The transition impact of this project is expected to include:
Application of the cost recovery principles (within affordability limits)
through the formation of a new tariff methodology;
Increased collection rates;
Development and signing of a public service agreement I between the City and the
project company;
Improvements to the operational and financial management of the project company,
together with enhanced transparency and corporate governance;
Implementation of a stakeholder participation programme.
The Client :
State Unitary Communal Enterprise   Khojagii Manziliy Kommunali   (  KMK  ) of
Kurgan-Tyube City.
EBRD Finance :
The EBRD will provide a sovereign guaranteed loan of up to USD 2 million to SUE
KMK of Kurgan-Tyube.
Project Cost :
Up to USD 5.3 million including investment and technical cooperation grants. The
project will be co-financed by an investment grant from an international donor.

Environmental Impact :
The potential adverse future environmental and social  impacts associated with
rehabilitation of waste collection, transportation, recycling and disposal
services in Kurgan Tyube and the surrounding area, closure of the existing
dumpsites and rehabilitation and extension of the existing landfill are likely
to be site-specific and can be readily identified and addressed through adequate
mitigation measures. Therefore, the project is categorised B.
The project will bring substantial environmental, health and safety benefits to
the town of Kurgan-Tyube and the surrounding communities through the
rehabilitation of waste collection, transportation, and disposal services;
increased operational efficiency, and environment and hygiene standards.
However, the initial results of the Feasibility Study indicate that due to the
limitations to the budget of the PIP, the waste management system to be
introduced will not ensure full compliance with the relevant EU Directives and
EBRD Performance Requirements and therefore a derogation from the Environmental
and Social Policy will be sought.

The Environmental and Social Due Diligence (ESDD), which is currently underway,
includes an independent environmental and social audit of the Company%s current
operations and facilities, and an analysis of potential environmental

country :Tajikistan
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2013 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              583 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                 Central Asian News Service (English language)

                              July 5, 2016 Tuesday

EBRD to allocate up to EUR 5 million for modernization of Oshelectro

LENGTH: 165  words


Finance Minister Adylbek Kasymaliyev met with European Bank for Reconstruction &
Development (EBRD) Director for Central Asia Nile McCain on July 4 to discuss
signing of the agreement on power generation projects, development of
infrastructure in small towns and municipalities, Tazabek reports.



The sides also discussed readiness of EBRD to allocate funds to finance the
modernization of the "Oshelectro" modernization project and solid waste
management project "Jalal-Abad-Tazalyk."

Oshelectro project is aimed at modernization of low and medium voltage grids,
including installation of "smart" meters. The project will help reduce
significantly the technical and commercial losses. The loan amount is up to 5
million euros.

The improvement of the solid waste management system of Jalal-Abad requires 8.95
million euros, including 4 million euro from EBRD as a loan and 4 million as a
grant.

The rest 950 thousand euros will be allocated as a grant for technical
assistance project.AKIpress

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 894


                            Copyright 2016 AKIpress
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              584 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                          September 8, 2010, Wednesday

Electronics ban looms for landfills statewide

BYLINE: JARED HUNT, DAILY MAIL CAPITOL REPORTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1A

LENGTH: 1490 words


Beginning in January, West Virginians will find new restrictions on how they can
dispose of their old televisions, computers and other electronic devices.

Senate Bill 398, which was signed into law earlier this year, prohibits any
covered electronic device - which includes televisions, computers or any other
device with a 4-inch or larger video display - from being placed in a state
landfill after Jan. 1, 2011.

The bill was sponsored by Sen. Karen Facemyer, R-Jackson, who is also president
of the Polymer Alliance Zone, the Davisville-based alliance of local polymer
processors in Wood, Jackson and Mason counties.

Facemyer said the bill's purpose was two-fold: to eliminate environmentally
harmful electronic scrap from the state's landfills, and to provide a resource
stream for local recycling companies that are attempting to recycle the
materials.

"The driving force was to make sure we get rid of it responsibly," Facemyer said
Tuesday. "When that stuff is dumped in a landfill, it's always going to be in
there just as it was the day it was dumped."

What to do with electronic waste has been a long-standing challenge for the
recycling industry.

Now the state Solid Waste Management Board must formulate a plan to divert
electronic waste from landfills because of the legislation.

It is working with municipalities, local solid waste authorities and landfill
operators to create a diversion plan for the state's electronic scrap.

Carol Throckmorton of the Solid Waste Management Board said they have assembled
a "stakeholder group" of parties affected by the ban and have been working
toward putting a plan in place.

"We've tried to, as we develop this, get as many voices as we can," she said.
"It's still in creation stage. We are moving along, moving along, but we don't
have anything on line at this point."

The board has been working since 2002 to divert electronic scrap from landfills
through various collection efforts across the state, mostly occurring through
collection drives that take place in counties once or twice a year.

According to the board, 7.3 million pounds of electronic scrap has been
collected through various drives since 2002.

"Those kinds of things will continue as alternatives, but those are sporadic,"
Throckmorton said.

The board will attempt to create some sort of centralized information point that
people can access that will help guide them in how to properly dispose of their
electronic waste throughout the year.

"There are things out there; it's just putting it all in one place so people can
get access to the information," she said.

In addition to having toxic metals and flame-retardant additives, the various
types of commingled polymers and metals used in the devices assembly present
problems to scrap recyclers.

For instance, if a consumer wanted to recycle an office fax machine, the base of
the machine may be one type of polymer, the paper tray may be another, and the
buttons could be some form of rubber.

Each of those materials, in addition to the host of metals inside the machine,
must be separated by hand and sorted prior to reprocessing.

In the past, some recyclers would simply accumulate electronic scrap in part of
a warehouse and when enough scrap built up to fill a sea container, the material
would be shipped to a country such as India or China, where employees paid at
significantly cheaper labor rates could break apart the various metal and
plastic types.

However, even when the plastic is separated, re-processors have had difficulty
reusing the material.

Most plastics used in electronic devices contain flame-retardant additives -
such as bromine and chlorine - which can degrade when the plastic is
reprocessed.

Facemyer said now there are West Virginia companies stepping up with solutions
to what to do with that material with regard to both separation of scrap
materials and recycling them for future use, such as in wood-plastic composites.

"Basically, we've got companies in West Virginia, and in particular (the Polymer
Alliance Zone) that take that plastic and turn it into other things and remarket
it," she said.

But while the processors may now be finding suitable end uses for the products,
a key challenge is to secure an adequate and continual supply of electronic
scrap to fill the recycling lines.

Facemyer said the law change was designed to address the manufacturers' need to
have more material supply.

"There wasn't enough here," she said. "They said once law was passed, it would
be easier to set up satellite offices to pick up and use those types of
plastics."

With the Jan. 1 deadline looming, the state is still working to identify where
to divert the electronic scrap since it will be banned from landfills.

There are currently only two West Virginia-based firms that specialize in
sorting and deconstructing electronic waste: Afterlife Electronics in Elizabeth
and PC Renewal in Morgantown.

An additional challenge to the recycling of electronics is the need to assure
that when people drop off their old computers, they don't have to worry about a
recycler accessing data stored on the computer's hard drive.

"The one thing about computers, you don't want your information out there,"
Facemyer said. "There's got to be reputable companies and reputable ways of
dropping them off as well as what's done after that."

She said companies like Afterlife and PC Renewal specialize in making sure all
hard drives are wiped of their memory during processing.

The state Department of Environmental Protection currently maintains the Covered
Electronic Devices Grant Program, which provides up to $40,000 to assist
municipalities in electronic scrap recovery efforts.

In 2008, the State Senate passed a bill requiring manufacturers of covered
electronic devices to register and pay a fee with the state Department of
Environmental Protection. The fees collected are used to fund the grant program.

Last fiscal year, the grant supplied over $273,000 in funding to several cities
and county solid waste authorities for collection efforts.

Kanawha County received $22,000 under the grant.

Unlike other counties though, which used the grant to advertise and set up
one-day collection events, Kanawha County implemented a more year-round
approach.

According to Kanawha Solid Waste Authority Executive Director Norm Steenstra,
the grant money was used to establish a permanent collection area at the
authority's Slack Street facility.

"Other places use the grant to conduct one-day events," Steenstra said. "What we
did was decided it would be much more efficient if we could have it where people
could every day drop off something here."

Steenstra said that has been successful.

"Anything with a cord, we'll take - except the big TVs," he said. That includes
toasters, telephones, computer monitors and a whole host of electronic devices.

"While the law's going to change come January, we're trying to lay the
groundwork so it's not going to be a huge shock to people; that we're going to
be a place where they can get rid of electronics," he said.

Kanawha County has contracted with Scott Recycling, a Knoxville, Tenn.-based
company, which picks up the electronic waste at no charge to the county.

Steenstra said it takes about 10 days to generate enough electronic scrap to
fill one of the company's trucks.

Facemyer said she's working to establish regular pickups in the Polymer Alliance
Zone counties, and hopes the landfill ban will help make those regular stops a
reality.

"I want to make it so that people know that on the second Friday of each month,
I can take my (electronic scrap) and take them here," she said.

While the final details have not been finalized with regard to exactly where the
scrap will go, Facemyer said the legislation was intended to encourage the
market for properly disposing of potentially hazardous materials.

"We're trying to develop the local market for recycling," she said.

"We can't live without plastics, but the companies are responsible enough to
know that they've got to be on the right side of recycling and making sure
something's done with the waste products."

CRAIG CUNNINGHAM/DAILY MAIL

Kanawha County Solid Waste Authority Executive Director Norm Steenstra stands
next to some of the county's recently accumulated electronic waste. Kanawha
County obtained a grant last year that help set up a regular electronic waste
recycling program that Steenstra said has been successful. Effective Jan. 1,
covered electronic devices will be banned from going into state landfills and
officials will have create a plan to dispose of the waste.

Unlike other counties that collect electronic waste once or twice a year,
Kanawha County maintains a continual drop off point for residents to dispose of
their scrap devices.

The county Solid Waste Authority says they'll take anything that has a cord, but
requests a $5 donation for televisions because of their larger size and
gas-filled tubes.

Contact writer Jared Hunt at jared.hunt@dailymail.com or 304-348-5148.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers


                              585 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              April 6, 2014 Sunday

Sindh forms solid waste management board

LENGTH: 798  words

DATELINE: Karachi


The Sindh government has nominated the provincial chief secretary (CS) as the
chairman of the newly established Sindh Solid Waste Management Board.

The Sindh Solid Waste Management Board Act-2013 was adopted by the provincial
assembly in February this year, paving the way for establishing a centralised
provincial authority for overseeing solid waste management affairs of the major
urban centres while divesting these powers back from the municipal bodies.

According to a notification issued by Sindh CS Sajjad Saleem Hotiana, the
government has nominated the CS on behalf of the chief minister as the chairman
of the board in exercise of the powers conferred by Section 4(1) of the Sindh
Solid Waste Management Board Act-2013.

The CS also issued a separate notification for establishing the 15-member board.
The members would comprise managing-director and four executive directors who
would be appointed by the government from the private sector or from the
officers working under the control of the government.

The ex-officio members of the board include Additional Chief Secretary
(Development) or his nominee; secretary Local Government, Public Health
Engineering, Town Planning and Rural Development or his representative;
secretary Industries or his representative; secretary Finance or his
representative; secretary Katchi Abadis or his representative; secretary
Environment or his representative; the mayor of Karachi Metropolitan Corporation
or of other municipal corporations, chairman of district municipal corporations,
municipal committees and town committees, whosoever is required; president
Karachi Chamber of Commerce and Industries or his nominee; director Military
Lands & Cantonments Karachi Region or his nominee; and administrator Defence
Housing Authority Karachi or his nominee.

The secretary of the waste management body would also act as the secretary of
the board. The secretaries of the departments or their representatives should
not be below the rank of additional secretary.

The powers and functions of the provincial government-run solid waste board
include the right over solid waste related issues, assets, funds, and
liabilities of the district councils and possessing sole rights on all kinds of
solid waste within the limits of all councils.

The board will have the authority to grant permission to individuals,
institutions, industries, factories, workshops, furnaces, compost making, and
the units generating power from solid waste to segregate the recyclable material
from the waste, as well as their collection, treatment, sale and purchase, and
recycling or disposal of any kind of waste.

It is likely that the Sindh Local Government Department would notify the date
for the transfer of the functions from the district councils to the board
through official notification.

And during the transition period, the existing operation of solid waste
management would be kept continuing by the district councils. The board would
also recommend levying tax or cess for running solid waste management affairs of
the province.

The bill for the waste management board was adopted by the Sindh Assembly at its
session on February 10 when the lawmakers of the opposition Muttahida Qaumi
Movement had walked out of the house to protest against an earlier arbitrary
arrest of one of the party activists.

If the opposition lawmakers were present in the house, they would have opposed
the bill while contending that the proposed legislation would be a step forward
in the way of further weakening the powers of local bodies of the province,
which otherwise required autonomy in financial and administrative affairs in
accordance with Article 140-A of the constitution.

Speaking in the house during the February 7 session, MQM's deputy parliamentary
leader Khawaja Izhar-ul-Hassan had said that the upcoming legislation in the
house for establishing the Sindh Solid Waste Management Board, if adopted, would
take back the powers and functions of solid waste management from the municipal
bodies of the province, which would be a sheer injustice with the local
government institutions, as it seemed that this legislation would render the
local bodies powerless just to perform the functions merely related to traffic
control in their respective jurisdictions.

He had said that more and more powers were being unduly vested in the office of
Sindh chief minister including those authorities which as per the Constitution
should rest with the municipal bodies of the province.

However, opposition MPAs belonging to the PTI and PML-N had supported the
proposed b bill during the February 10 session, hoping it would resolve the
civic issue of garbage disposal in major cities of the province, which otherwise
had been creating serious health and environmental issues for the citizens.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              586 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            October 27, 2013 Sunday

Company refuses to refund Rs 19 crore to Puducherry govt

BYLINE: Bosco Dominique

SECTION: CHENNAI

LENGTH: 503 words


PUDUCHERRY: Puducherry Municipal Services Private Ltd (PMSPL), which was formed
to launch the integrated solid waste management project, refused to refund
grants to the tune of more than Rs 19 crore to the government after the contract
was terminated on charges of abruptly stopping the work in April last year.

The private limited company, formed jointly by government agency Puducherry
urban development authority (Puda) and Kivar Environ Private Ltd, has not
surrendered the vehicles it purchased utilizing the government funds.

The company approached the Madras high court pleading it to stay the termination
order of the government as arbitration proceedings were pending. The court
admitted the plea and sent a notice to the Puducherry government seeking
explanations.

The local administration department in August this year passed an order
terminating the agreement signed between the government and PMSPL to implement
the integrated solid waste management project pointing out that the private firm
violated the norms and unilaterally abandoned the work without any notice from
April 21, 2012.

The firm did not resume work thereafter and did not return the vehicles and
equipment bought utilizing grants extended by the government. The government,
therefore, decided to terminate the concession agreement and accorded approval
for termination, the government order said.

The department again sent a notice last month directing the private firm to
refund the grant of Rs 19.86 crore released in five installments between
October, 2010 and April, 2011 along with interest failing which it would
initiate action to recover the amount. In the notice, the department pointed out
that the private company did not furnish details of expenditure incurred along
with vouchers and statement of accounts to enable it to submit the utilization
certificate to the government.

However, the private firm refused to refund the grant. It termed the termination
of the contract illegal and approached the court seeking a stay. It argued that
it was forced to stop operations after the new government formed in 2011 had not
released the pending payments. "It is only out of financial constraints due to
non-payment of dues and release of funds and with an intention to protect the
employees from further harm that the applicant was forced to stop operations,"
the company said in the petition.

The court admitted the petition and sought Puducherry government why the issue
should not be treated as urgent and why it may not stay the termination order
passed by the government.

The project has been mired in controversies ever since the former Congress
government awarded the contract to Kivar Environ Private Ltd. A host of NGOs,
including Puducherry Environment Protection Association, strongly criticized the
government's decision to engage the firm to clear garbage at a whopping cost of
Rs 1,750 per tonne when the local NGOs had been clearing garbage for several
years for less than Rs 100 per tonne.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              587 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 19, 2015 Thursday

US Contract Award: Department of the Interior grants Federal contract to WASTE
MANAGEMENT INC. (Ohio) Contract worth $7,800.00 for "S--Waste Management
Services"

LENGTH: 78  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of the Interior,National Park Service, has granted federal contract
(No.  P15PX00983) on March 17,2015 for "S--Waste Management Services" to WASTE
MANAGEMENT INC. (Ohio) The total value of the contract is $7,800.00

Contractor Award Details: WASTE MANAGEMENT INC.
910 W BARAGA AVE
MARQUETTE
MI
49855-4029
US

Point of Contact:

COUNCIL, THOMAS

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              588 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 19, 2015 Thursday

US Contract Award: Department of the Interior grants Federal contract to WASTE
MANAGEMENT INC. (Ohio) Contract worth $7,800.00 for "S--Waste Management
Services"

LENGTH: 78  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of the Interior,National Park Service, has granted federal contract
(No.  P15PX00983) on March 17,2015 for "S--Waste Management Services" to WASTE
MANAGEMENT INC. (Ohio) The total value of the contract is $7,800.00

Contractor Award Details: WASTE MANAGEMENT INC.
910 W BARAGA AVE
MARQUETTE
MI
49855-4029
US

Point of Contact:

COUNCIL, THOMAS

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              589 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              April 7, 2014 Monday

Pakistan: Sindh forms solid waste management board

LENGTH: 835  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, April 7 -- The Sindh government has nominated the provincial chief
secretary (CS) as the chairman of the newly established Sindh Solid Waste
Management Board.

The Sindh Solid Waste Management Board Act-2013 was adopted by the provincial
assembly in February this year, paving the way for establishing a centralised
provincial authority for overseeing solid waste management affairs of the major
urban centres while divesting these powers back from the municipal bodies.

According to a notification issued by Sindh CS Sajjad Saleem Hotiana, the
government has nominated the CS on behalf of the chief minister as the chairman
of the board in exercise of the powers conferred by Section 4(1) of the Sindh
Solid Waste Management Board Act-2013.

The CS also issued a separate notification for establishing the 15-member board.
The members would comprise managing-director and four executive directors who
would be appointed by the government from the private sector or from the
officers working under the control of the government.

The ex-officio members of the board include Additional Chief Secretary
(Development) or his nominee; secretary Local Government, Public Health
Engineering, Town Planning and Rural Development or his representative;
secretary Industries or his representative; secretary Finance or his
representative; secretary Katchi Abadis or his representative; secretary
Environment or his representative; the mayor of Karachi Metropolitan Corporation
or of other municipal corporations, chairman of district municipal corporations,
municipal committees and town committees, whosoever is required; president
Karachi Chamber of Commerce and Industries or his nominee; director Military
Lands & Cantonments Karachi Region or his nominee; and administrator Defence
Housing Authority Karachi or his nominee.

The secretary of the waste management body would also act as the secretary of
the board. The secretaries of the departments or their representatives should
not be below the rank of additional secretary.

The powers and functions of the provincial government-run solid waste board
include the right over solid waste related issues, assets, funds, and
liabilities of the district councils and possessing sole rights on all kinds of
solid waste within the limits of all councils.

The board will have the authority to grant permission to individuals,
institutions, industries, factories, workshops, furnaces, compost making, and
the units generating power from solid waste to segregate the recyclable material
from the waste, as well as their collection, treatment, sale and purchase, and
recycling or disposal of any kind of waste.

It is likely that the Sindh Local Government Department would notify the date
for the transfer of the functions from the district councils to the board
through official notification.

And during the transition period, the existing operation of solid waste
management would be kept continuing by the district councils. The board would
also recommend levying tax or cess for running solid waste management affairs of
the province.

The bill for the waste management board was adopted by the Sindh Assembly at its
session on February 10 when the lawmakers of the opposition Muttahida Qaumi
Movement had walked out of the house to protest against an earlier arbitrary
arrest of one of the party activists.

If the opposition lawmakers were present in the house, they would have opposed
the bill while contending that the proposed legislation would be a step forward
in the way of further weakening the powers of local bodies of the province,
which otherwise required autonomy in financial and administrative affairs in
accordance with Article 140-A of the constitution.

Speaking in the house during the February 7 session, MQM's deputy parliamentary
leader Khawaja Izhar-ul-Hassan had said that the upcoming legislation in the
house for establishing the Sindh Solid Waste Management Board, if adopted, would
take back the powers and functions of solid waste management from the municipal
bodies of the province, which would be a sheer injustice with the local
government institutions, as it seemed that this legislation would render the
local bodies powerless just to perform the functions merely related to traffic
control in their respective jurisdictions.

He had said that more and more powers were being unduly vested in the office of
Sindh chief minister including those authorities which as per the Constitution
should rest with the municipal bodies of the province.

However, opposition MPAs belonging to the PTI and PML-N had supported the
proposed b bill during the February 10 session, hoping it would resolve the
civic issue of garbage disposal in major cities of the province, which otherwise
had been creating serious health and environmental issues for the citizens

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              590 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                               February 22, 2005

Cash for north recycling groups

BYLINE: Ken Jones

SECTION: News; Other; Others; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 336 words


Six Highland schemes, ranging from the promotion of real nappies to the
provision of reusable cotton shopping bags, are to get a cash boost.  They will
share £10,000 which has been made available by the Scottish Environment
Protection Agency to help the Highlands meet tough targets to reduce the amount
of rubbish going to landfill site.

A grant of £3,995 goes to the Highland Real Nappy Project to enable it to buy
real nappies for its incentive scheme to provide trial and demonstration kits as
well as print promotional leaflets.

Laggan Forest Trust and the Coulpark Residents' Association at Alness each
receive £500 to buy garden shredders that will be shared throughout the
communities so wood waste can be composted.

A £1,425 donation is also being made to Lochaber Environment Group so it can
print low-waste educational messages on to sturdy reusable cloth shopping bags
which are to be distributed in the area.

Laggan Community Association plans to run three related mini-projects thanks to
its £2,367 grant. There will be a community meeting with guest speakers to
promote waste prevention.

A waste minimisation pack, including a local waste guide and cloth shopping bag,
will also be provided with the provision of a community-shared paper shredder to
create animal bedding.

Homeaid Caithness gets £1,000 to produce leaflets promoting reuse of household
items such as furniture via the organisation.

The environment agency is working with Highland Council, communities and
industry to develop a regional waste plan, which sets ambitious targets for
increasing recycling and composting. More than 90% of the Highland's waste goes
to landfill sites.

Announcing the funding, Sheila Wickens, of the agency's Dingwall office, said:
"These projects as they will make a real difference to the way people think and
act towards waste.

"They will not only raise awareness about reducing waste but will also help
people take positive action to change their own behaviour."

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2005 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              591 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              The NEWS (Monrovia)

                                 March 07, 2013

She Got the Job Done

LENGTH: 626 words


Less than a week after she tendered her letter of resignation, President Ellen
Johnson-Sirleaf has reappointed former acting Monrovia City Mayor Mary Broh to
another position.

The Liberian leader named Madam Broh as head of the Project Implementation Unit
(PIU) for the Omega Village in Paynesville for which plans are being finalized
to accommodate all of the services required by a community.

That project, which has lingered for close to three years, will now get what it
needs to get it done and to move forward.

Madam Broh resigned after she was charged for obstructing the arrest of
suspended Montserrado County Superintendent Grace Kpaan recently.

In her letter of resignation to President Sirleaf, Madam Broh detailed the scope
of her service to the City of Monrovia and the resources she was able to
mobilize from international entities in support of her many achievements.

She told the president that her remarkable accomplishment was the improvements
in the internal revenue generation of the MCC from US$.5M in 2009 to US$1.2M in
2012 through the injection of better internal controls.

Madam Broh commented on how she improved the solid waste management activities.
The former acting Mayor revealed that she met 20-25% collection coverage but now
coverage is 55-60% due to a host of factors that were pursued and introduced by
her.

She said due to her performance, the World Bank approved US$18.4M Emergency
Monrovia Urban Sanitation (EMUS) Project Grant for expanded solid waste
collection in Monrovia, and the Gates Foundation provided a US$5 million grant
proposal on Improved Primary Waste Collection in the Poor Communities of
Monrovia for increased access of the urban poor to door-to-door waste collection
services.

Madam Broh revealed the acquisition of additional funding of US$4 million from
the International Development Agency of the World Bank Group through a 40-year
soft loan arrangement.

Commenting on Madam Broh's resignation, the President believes that the former
acting city mayor got the job done despite various opinions about her approach
to the job.

"We will all miss the dynamism, commitment and integrity of Mary Broh who worked
tirelessly and passionately to transform the City of Monrovia. From constructing
the boulevard on Broad Street to beautify the City Center, to fencing the Palm
Grove Cemetery to bring dignity to the dead, Mary's prints are so indelibly
placed on our Capital that she will not soon be forgotten," the president said.

In addition to her performance, the president noted that as a result of her
efforts, Liberians now have a clean and refurbished City Hall, a place where all
citizens can proudly hold their functions.

President Sirleaf: "Mary will also be remembered for putting on her jeans and
her cap on the first Saturday of every month, to personally engage and work with
citizens in cleaning their communities. And today, the phrase "Mary Broh
Saturday" has become etched in all of our minds, as we obey the Ordinance on
"Monrovia Clean-Up Day".

Before she took on the challenge of transforming the City, Madam Broh
restructured the Passport Division of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, ensuring
a more effective service. She later reformed the procedures of how goods left
the Freeport of Monrovia, thereby effectively reducing theft and exploitation.

"Mary's methods may not have pleased everyone, but there can be very little
argument that she got the job done. Because of her hard work, Monrovia is
turning into a city comparable with others in our sub-region".

However, some Liberians who see the appointment of Mary Broh as head of the
Project Implementation Unit as an affront to the National Legislature, are
requesting the arrest and subsequent incarceration of the former acting city
mayor.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              592 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Mirror (Sri Lanka)

                           September 10, 2010 Friday

United Nations aid for solid waste management

LENGTH: 200  words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Sept. 10 -- Matale Municipality receives Rs 20 million from UN's Asia
Pacific Socio Economic Commission

By M W Somaratne

The United Nations' Asia Pacific Socio Economic Commission has granted Rs.20
million to inaugurate three compost projects in the Matale Municipal Area. The
Mayor of Matale, Hilmi Careem said that the proposed compost projects at
Kaludewala, Kotuwegedara, and Diyabubula would be funded with the grant.
Addressing a meeting with a UN delegation that examined the plans of the
proposed compost projects he also informed that the first solid waste management
project in the Matale town was inaugurated in 2007 and that it was a success.
According to the mayor, the day's collection of solid waste in Matale town was
about 20 metric tons of which the compost manufactory used two tons. He was
hopeful that Matale would be a model town of solid waste management. The
representative of the Asia Pacific Socio Economic Commission Kareen Anderson
also addressed the meeting. Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Daily Mirror Sri Lanka. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                      Copyright 2010 Wijeya Newspaper Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              593 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              July 11, 2005 Monday
                          FIVE STAR LATE LIFT EDITION

County sets hearings on plan to stiffen trash transfer rules Proposal requires
showing need

BYLINE: BY PHIL SUTIN Of the Post-Dispatch

SECTION: JEFFERSON COUNTY POST; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 585 words


St. Louis County has scheduled three public meetings on a proposed solid waste
plan that would stiffen requirements for new trash-transfer stations.

The plan says the county has an adequate combination of transfer stations and
landfills to handle its solid waste. But it says "unique conditions such as
traffic, could require additional facilities." The document does not suggest
areas for new transfer stations.

The county should require applicants for new transfer stations to demonstrate
the need for the facility, the plan says. The county also should require
applicants to provide traffic studies, the document says.

Proposals by Fred Weber Inc. for a trash-transfer station in Oakville have been
controversial. Station opponents have said the county needs need an up-to-date
plan for handling trash. The county hired R.W. Beck Inc. of Cincinnati in
January of last year to prepare such a document. At that time, the county
expected the solid waste study to take six months.

The plan also calls for sharply increasing fees for applications and operating
permits for landfills and trash transfer stations, but less than what Maximus, a
consulting firm, recommended last year in a study of all county fees. A year
ago, the County Council deferred action on trash facility fees. The current
application and licensing fee is $1,000.

Beck recommends that the county base its fees on the size of the facility. The
fees would range from $5,000 for a construction and demolition landfills that
handle 200 tons or less a day to $20,000 for waste processing facilities that
handle 1,001 tons or more a day.

The Maximus study said fees should range from $5,860 for a demolition landfill
application to $65,600 for a transfer station inspection. Beck says Maximus
emphasized the cost of evaluating a proposal for a new facility, but does not
take into account the lower cost of processing permit renewals.

On other matters, the plan calls for the county to:

- Study establishing zones in the unincorporated area where a single hauler
collects trash. Currently, residents in the unincorporated area must arrange for
their trash collection. Many municipalities have one hauler serve their
households. Trash hauling companies worry that single-hauler zones might put
some haulers out of business.

- Require that municipalities and others that receive grants to promote
recycling commit to purchasing recycled materials. The plan also recommends that
the county allow non-profit organizations to compete for grants.

- Provide grants or loans to help municipal or private trash haulers purchase
automated collection equipment.

- Consider constructing a facility to collect household hazardous waste,
possibly with a truck that could serve collection events. Beck estimates the
cost of constructing a facility at $655,000. It says the yearly operating cost
would be $520,000. The county could hire a private company to operate the
facility, Beck says.

---

Meeting schedule

- Richmond Heights: 6:30 p.m. July 18 at the Richmond Heights Community Center,
8001 Dale Avenue. It is aimed at people who had commented on the solid waste
plan in last year's meetings with consultants. - Pine Lawn: 9:30 a.m. Aug. 2 at
the county's North Central Community Health Center, 4000 Jennings Station Road.
It is for the waste hauling industry and other groups concerned about solid
waste. - Maryland Heights: 6:30 p.m. Sept. 8 at the Maryland Heights Community
Center, 2344 McKelvey Road. It will focus on proposed changes in the county's
Solid Waste Code.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              594 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                             July 8, 2015 Wednesday

Rs 474 mln budget of SSWMB approved

SECTION: Vol. 20 No. 188

LENGTH: 200  words


The Sindh Solid Waste Management Board (SSWMB) budget of Rs 474 million was
approved on Tuesday.

The Sindh Chief Secretary, Mohammad Siddique Memon, presided over the meeting.

Managing Director of SSWMB, Roshan Shaikh, while presenting the budget also gave
a detailed briefing.

Chief Secretary directed that the work of solid waste management be speeded up
and it should be performed in a coordinated manner in consultation with the
members of the Board.

Roshan Shaikh informed that the government of Sindh has allocated Rs. 474
million  for the SSWMB as single line grant.  This is outside the allocation of
Rs. 3.1 billion annual development programme for SSWMB for the fiscal 2015-16.

He said that six garbage transfer stations would be constructed in Karachi for
which there is an allocation of Rs. 1.79 billion.

Roshan further stated that the solid waste management would be a coordinated
programme which will help give the city a cleaner look.

He said that some private companies have offered to generate electricity from
the garbage. The EOI in this regard would be opened tomorrow.

The Chief Secretary directed that the solid management work be pushed forward in
Karachi and other cities of the province.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              595 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           December 17, 2011 Saturday

Belarus : Integrated Solid Waste Management Project

LENGTH: 387  words


The objective of the Integrated Solid Waste Management Project for Belarus is
to: (i) increase environmental benefits of integrated solid waste management in
the City of Grodno through recovery and reuse of recyclable materials; and (ii)
strengthen national capacity to manage hazardous wastes associated with
Persistent Organic Pollutants (POPs). There are four components to the project.
Component one: construction of a mechanical waste separation treatment facility
in the City of Grodno. This component is estimated to cost US$ 37 million,
financed by a World Bank loan.

Funds will finance construction of a 120,000 ton/year modern mechanical
separation plant to recover recyclable materials from commercial and household
waste. Component two: waste separation management improvements. This component
is estimated to cost US$4.0 million, financed from Government budget. The
objective is to sequence improvements to separate waste at source so the
mechanical solid waste separation facility receives higher-quality dry input
materials to process. Component three: POPs stockpile management. This component
will cost an estimated US$26.7 million: US$5.5 million financed by a global
environment facility (GEF) grant; US$20.6 million financed from Government and
enterprise resources; and the balance from international sources such as United
Nation Development Program (UNDP), Swedish International Development Authority
(SIDA), North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO). Component four: project
management and other support activities: managing the solid waste management
(SWM) components (I & II) is estimated to cost US$ 2.65 million: the World Bank
will finance US$0.4 to support project staff, training, audits, and incremental
office operating expenses; Government will finance staffing, monitoring and
evaluation, including surveys; other official staffing support from the Ministry
of Housing Utilities (MHU) and the Oblast; and office accommodation, operations,
and maintenance.
Approval Date 17-JUN-2010
Closing Date 30-DEC-2016
Total Project Cost** 48.76
Region Europe And Central Asia
Major Sector (Sector) (%) : Water, sanitation and flood protection (Solid waste
management) (99%)
Public Administration, Law, and Justice (Public administration- Water,
sanitation and flood protection) (1%)

country :Belarus
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              596 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Modesto Bee (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 25, 2007 Thursday

Closing The Loop: Abandoned tires will get new life as city sidewalks

BYLINE: Adam Ashton, The Modesto Bee, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 525 words


Jan. 25--A Modesto recycling program got a bounce this week when it won a state
grant to turn today's abandoned tires into tomorrow's rubber sidewalks.

That means Modesto can "close the loop" on thousands of tires it collects each
year, Recycling Coordinator Beverly McCullough said.

It's an opportunity for the city to cut the costs of repairing cement sidewalks
damaged by tree roots, she said. The rubber sidewalk sections will surround
trees that typically damage concrete walks.

"It's awesome." McCullough said. "It's cushy and soft."

Her department will get $51,300 from the state's Integrated Waste Management
Board over the next three years to send unwanted tires on one last road trip
before they become a part of Modesto's streetscape.

The city will use that money, along with about $48,000 from the Solid Waste
Division and the Community Forestry Division, to buy more than 11,000square feet
of sidewalk from Gardena-based Rubbersidewalks Inc.

McCullough said that's enough material to install rubberized sidewalks around
roughly 100 city trees.

The material is appealing to forestry workers because rubber sidewalks come in
panels that can be lifted when tree roots begin to raise them. That makes it
easier for the city to get under the sidewalk and trim roots, McCullough said.

"Walk down any street and you'll see they just destroy the cement," McCullough
said. "It's constant maintenance of cutting the roots, cutting out the cement
and relaying it -- only to come back a couple years later."

Modesto collected 46,000 tires from March 1999 to March 2006. McCullough said
the number of tires Modesto likely will send to the Gardena company would not
cover all of the sidewalks that the city plans to buy.

Starts with garbage firms

The recycling process begins when someone drops off an abandoned tire with one
of the city's two garbage companies -- Bertolotti Disposal and Gilton Solid
Waste Management.

Those companies will take the tires to Ballico recycler Golden By-Products,
which will chip the tires and send them to Rubbersidewalks, McCullough said.

"This is what we call closing the loop," said Karen Barstow of Golden
By-Products, whose company also recycles tires for playground equipment, asphalt
and an energy supplement for a Stockton cogeneration plant. "It's a city
demonstrating that they can take this product and actually reuse it."

Solid Waste Division Manager Jocelyn Reed said the city is considering using the
rubber sidewalks on trails in parks. It dovetails with recent uses of recycled
tires for running tracks.

"It's got a good impact from an ergonomic perspective," Reed said.

McCullough said the rubber sidewalks have one more benefit that could please the
clumsy:

"Literally, it's not going to hurt quite so badly when you fall down," she said.

Bee staff writer Adam Ashton can be reached at 578-2366 or aashton@modbee.com.

Copyright (c) 2007, The Modesto Bee, Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070125-MO-0125-Closing-The-Loop

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MO


                         Copyright 2007 The Modesto Bee


                              597 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                Sarke Daily News

                             July 12, 2016 Tuesday

EBRD TO ALLOCATE 12M EUR FOR SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT PROJECT

BYLINE: Sarke Daily News

LENGTH: 107 words


Agreements  on  financing  Georgia's solid waste management project by EBRD were

signed today in Tbilisi. The documents were signed by Georgia's Finance Minister

Nodar Khaduri and EBRD's regional director Bruno Balvanera.

As  the  Finance  Ministry said, EBRD will allocate 10 million EUR as loan and 2

million EUR as grant.

The  project  will  be  implemented  by Municipal Development Fund. It envisages

procurement  of solid wastes collection vehicles and respective machinery for 64

municipalities;  as  well  as technical assistance in improvement of solid waste

management capacities and raise public awareness on sanitary procession of solid

wastes.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1168


                    Copyright 2016 Sarke Information Agency
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              598 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Greenville Herald-Banner (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 14, 2008 Wednesday

BRIEF: County Commissioners investigating solid waste facility

BYLINE: Brad Kellar, Greenville Herald-Banner, Greenville, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 272 words


May 14--Someday, as Hunt County continues to grow, it may have need for one or
more solid waste disposal facilities.

At that point, a decision will have to be made as to where to establish those
facilities.

The County Commissioners Court took the first step in the process this week,
when it approved a memorandum of agreement with the North Central Texas Council
of Governments (NCTCOG), which will allow Hunt County to participate in a study
grant project for a Solid Waste Facility Siting Ordinance.

County Judge John Horn said the facility would have nothing to do with the
previous controversy over the disposal of sewage as a beneficial land use.

"This is specifically for domestic trash," Horn said. "Now we're talking about
domestic refuse, household waste and garbage."

The county cannot necessarily tell someone where they can't build a solid waste
facility, although Horn said, "We have to indicate those areas where they can."

The NCTCOG will obtain the grant for the study.

"The Council of Governments will be providing the funding to cover all of the
research," Horn said. "It gives the county some control over where those things
are positioned. It is also important for future growth."

To see more of Greenville Herald-Banner, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.heraldbanner.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Greenville Herald-Banner,
Greenville, Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080514-GC-BRF-County-Commissioners-investigating-solid-waste
-facility-0514

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GC


                                 Copyright 2008


                              599 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

California: Updates from Boards and Commissions

LENGTH: 471  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sausalito: City of Sausalito, The State of California has issued the following
news release:



   Each week, on a rotating schedule, this section will provide highlights of
the recent activities of two of the eight active Boards and Commissions in
Sausalito. Follow this link for more information on all of our Boards and
Commissions.



 Sustainability Commission. The Sausalito Sustainability Commission met on
August 11 with several items on the agenda. The Marin County Hazardous and Solid
Waste Management Joint Power Authority (JPA) recently awarded the City of
Sausalito a Cycle 6 Zero Waste Grant that the Commission plans on using to
either update the City's 2013 Waste Audit (to determine the effects of food
composting and outreach activities on the City's solid waste stream) or to
continue the Commission's community and school outreach and infrastructure
support of solid waste reduction. The June 4, 2013, presentation of the 2013
Waste Audit to the City Council may be viewed as Item 6A, and the Waste Audit
may be viewed here.



 The Commission also discussed future BioBag outreach opportunities. BioBags
were purchased for distribution with funds from an earlier JPA grant. The
BioBags are used for containment of food scraps. They are are compostable and
can be placed in the green compost bins. The intent of providing BioBags to
residents is to encourage people who are not taking advantage of the City's
composting program. BioBags make composting a neat and clean process.



 The November 10 regular meeting of the Sustainability Commission will be held
in the Edgewater Room on the first floor of City Hall in order to accommodate a
request by the Historic Landmarks Board to use the Commission's regular meeting
room, the Conference Room.

 LEARN MORE ABOUT THE SUSTAINABILITY COMMISSION

 Planning Commission. The Planning Commission did not meet during the month of
August and will start up again in September. Some of the items scheduled for
Wednesday, September 7, include public hearings on the following three projects:
112 Marion Avenue, a residential remodel; the City's conveyance of Butte Street
property for conservation purposes; and 220 Currey Lane, a new residence. The
meeting will begin at 6:30 pm.



 The agenda and meeting materials can be accessed under the link for the
corresponding meeting on the City's website. All Planning Commission meetings
are recorded and available for live-streaming as well. If you have any
questions, please contact the Community Development Department (CDD) at (415)
289-4128. The CDD public counter in City Hall is open Monday through Thursday
from 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. and on Friday from 8:00 a.m. to noon.

 LEARN MORE ABOUT THE PLANNING COMMISSION



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editori@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              600 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                             August 19, 2012 Sunday

RTI International to develop waterless toilet

BYLINE: Research Triangle Institute

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; C; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 642  words


DURHAM - RTI International has been awarded a grant from the Bill & Melinda
Gates Foundation to develop a toilet for use in developing nations that converts
human waste into burnable fuel, stored energy and disinfected, non-potable
water.

The waste treatment system could significantly improve public health and quality
of life among people in less developed countries.

RTI will partner with Duke University, Colorado State University, NASA's Ames
Research Center and the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory to develop a prototype of
this safe, sanitary and affordable waste treatment system.

The $1.3 million grant is part of the second round of the Bill & Melinda Gates
Foundation's Reinvent the Toilet Challenge, which supports efforts to create a
stand-alone unit that does not require piped-in water, a sewer connection or
outside electricity. To qualify, the toilet units must cost no more than 5 cents
per person per day and be easy to install, use and maintain.

RTI's design will accomplish three primary functions: disinfect liquid waste,
dry and burn solid waste and convert the resulting combustion energy into stored
electricity.

"More than 2 billion people worldwide do not have access to safe and effective
sanitation," said Brian Stoner, a senior fellow in materials and electronic
technologies at RTI and principal investigator on the project. "This unique
design offers solutions to several problems that have plagued developing nations
by providing a toilet that effectively disposes of waste without requiring
outside resources. It will also have the capacity to capture and recycle water,
energy and other valuable resources that are in human waste."

The team will work closely with researchers at NASA to leverage decades of
research and experience in developing waste treatment systems for spaces with
similar limitations on energy and water usage.

The solid waste drying process will use a combination of mechanical, solar and
thermal energy. A mechanical screw-like device will separate out liquids and
begin converting solid waste into combustion fuel. Solar energy, natural drafts
and heat from burning waste will further aid the drying process.

As it dries, the waste will be broken down into uniform-sized pellets, which
will be burned using the RTI-developed Thermoelectric Enhanced Cookstove Add-on
device, a self-powered unit that captures a portion of heat and converts it into
electricity. This electricity will run a combustion blower and be stored in a
battery to power the water treatment functions.

Liquid waste - including urine and liquid that is removed from the solid waste -
will be disinfected through electrochemical processes using diamond-based
electrodes (to be developed in partnership with Advanced Diamond Technologies
Inc. and Duke University). The disinfected water will be suitable for use as
rinse water for the toilet or as fertilizer.

"The proposed system will take advantage of current best practices in waste
management while leveraging recent innovations in electrochemical disinfection
technology employing robust, low cost, conducting diamond, thin film
electrodes," said Jeff Glass, Ph.D., of Duke University, a co-investigator and
technical lead for the liquid disinfection module.

RTI will also partner with Duke's Master of Engineering Management program,
leading a team of students to conduct energy balance and economic feasibility
studies.

"This project is ideal for our students because it requires development of
cutting edge technologies while simultaneously considering social adoption and
economic feasibility issues for resource-poor environments,"said Glass, who is a
faculty director of Duke's MEM program. "Our MEM students bring a combination of
engineering and business skills to the project along with a strong desire to
have a positive impact on society, especially the developing world."

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              601 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            July 30, 2014 Wednesday
                                  Pune Edition

Draft manual in place, citizens may have to start paying for waste

BYLINE: Radheshyam Jadhav

SECTION: TIMES CITY

LENGTH: 742 words


If the central government has its way , citizens may have to start paying for
the waste generated in households.

The government of India has drafted a manual for municipal solid waste
management to help municipal bodies to manage their waste. According to the 74th
amendment to the Constitution, urban local bodies can impose taxes and raise
funds for public health, sanitation, conservancy and solid waste management.

The draft manual states that it was advisable to levy a dedicated tariff for
solid waste services. The government has asked local bodies to consider basic
principles

while prescribing norms for levying user charge/service fee for solid waste
management services.

The first principle prescribed by the government is the 'Polluter Pays
Principle' which states that those responsible for waste generation should pay
for its collection and safe disposal.

Explaining the structure of charges, the government has suggested that user fees
should be in proportion to the quantity of waste generated and level of service
provided to waste generators.

Variable rates may be prescribed for different categories of waste generators
keeping in view their waste generation pattern. A fair user fee will facilitate
better compliance. The capacity to

pay and affordability of tax payers may be kept in view by the civic bodies
while imposing charges, states the manual.

"Central government's Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM)
to improve infrastructure in Indian cities failed because local bodies did not
improve their working and finances. This mission included reforms like
rationalisation of user charges, taxation, ways to increase non-tax revenue and
unlocking land value.

But local bodies do not recover the user charges for services they provide due
to votebank politics. The BJP government, however, is likely to be strict in
this regard," an urban development official said.

Government sources add

ed that the central government, while launching new schemes for urbanization, is
likely to set up a municipal service regulator who will have the powers to
revise user charges regularly. This will avoid the need for significant
increases after a long gap.

Senior PMC official said that all party corporators have repeatedly opposed any
move to impose user charges for any civic service.

"However, the new government has hinted that central government funds to the
municipal bodies will be directly attached with reforms. Recently the union
urban department (UD) had convened meeting of all state UD officials where the
government dropped clear hints in this regard," the official said.

CENTRE'S SUGGESTION FOR SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT FINANCING

Public Private Partnerships (PPP): PPP are innovative approaches used by the
public sector to attract private sector to make investments and take up certain
responsibilities of service delivery, while the public sector retains the
principal responsibility for these services. PPP mechanisms aim \xAD as the case
may be at financing, designing, implementing and operating public sector
facilities and services through service provisions (short and long term, in some
cases up to 30 years) \xE4 Loan from bi-lateral and Multi-lateral Agencies:
These

agencies provide soft loans on long term and grants for infrastructure projects.
Usually, these funds are given in the form of soft loans with a grant component

for project preparation or capacity building \xE4 National and state level
infrastructure funds: Infrastructure funds both at the national and state level
play an important role for financing infrastructure projects. They are
supplemented by state level Infrastructure Funds (from supply side) and Pooled
Finance Funds (from demand side) at the State level (e.g.Tamil Nadu has provided
funds for infrastructure projects) \xE4 Municipal Bonds and Debentures: The
bonds/ debentures are issued to the general public or to specific

institutional investors.In case of municipal bonds, they can either be taxable
or tax-free. In India, the Municipal bond market is still in its nascent stages
\xE4 Enhancing continuous revenues in projects: It is of paramount importance
for sustainable financing to strengthen project revenues.It is imperative that
the projects are planned in such a way that they are selfsustainable and can
deliver desired outcomes for a longer period. MSWM operations usually depend on
SWM taxes or fees/charges. Other sources of revenues might be relevant as
illustrated

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              602 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            July 30, 2014 Wednesday
                                  Pune Edition

Draft manual in place, citizens may have to start paying for waste

BYLINE: Radheshyam Jadhav

SECTION: TIMES CITY

LENGTH: 742 words


If the central government has its way , citizens may have to start paying for
the waste generated in households.

The government of India has drafted a manual for municipal solid waste
management to help municipal bodies to manage their waste. According to the 74th
amendment to the Constitution, urban local bodies can impose taxes and raise
funds for public health, sanitation, conservancy and solid waste management.

The draft manual states that it was advisable to levy a dedicated tariff for
solid waste services. The government has asked local bodies to consider basic
principles

while prescribing norms for levying user charge/service fee for solid waste
management services.

The first principle prescribed by the government is the 'Polluter Pays
Principle' which states that those responsible for waste generation should pay
for its collection and safe disposal.

Explaining the structure of charges, the government has suggested that user fees
should be in proportion to the quantity of waste generated and level of service
provided to waste generators.

Variable rates may be prescribed for different categories of waste generators
keeping in view their waste generation pattern. A fair user fee will facilitate
better compliance. The capacity to

pay and affordability of tax payers may be kept in view by the civic bodies
while imposing charges, states the manual.

"Central government's Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM)
to improve infrastructure in Indian cities failed because local bodies did not
improve their working and finances. This mission included reforms like
rationalisation of user charges, taxation, ways to increase non-tax revenue and
unlocking land value.

But local bodies do not recover the user charges for services they provide due
to votebank politics. The BJP government, however, is likely to be strict in
this regard," an urban development official said.

Government sources add

ed that the central government, while launching new schemes for urbanization, is
likely to set up a municipal service regulator who will have the powers to
revise user charges regularly. This will avoid the need for significant
increases after a long gap.

Senior PMC official said that all party corporators have repeatedly opposed any
move to impose user charges for any civic service.

"However, the new government has hinted that central government funds to the
municipal bodies will be directly attached with reforms. Recently the union
urban department (UD) had convened meeting of all state UD officials where the
government dropped clear hints in this regard," the official said.

CENTRE'S SUGGESTION FOR SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT FINANCING

Public Private Partnerships (PPP): PPP are innovative approaches used by the
public sector to attract private sector to make investments and take up certain
responsibilities of service delivery, while the public sector retains the
principal responsibility for these services. PPP mechanisms aim \xAD as the case
may be at financing, designing, implementing and operating public sector
facilities and services through service provisions (short and long term, in some
cases up to 30 years) \xE4 Loan from bi-lateral and Multi-lateral Agencies:
These

agencies provide soft loans on long term and grants for infrastructure projects.
Usually, these funds are given in the form of soft loans with a grant component

for project preparation or capacity building \xE4 National and state level
infrastructure funds: Infrastructure funds both at the national and state level
play an important role for financing infrastructure projects. They are
supplemented by state level Infrastructure Funds (from supply side) and Pooled
Finance Funds (from demand side) at the State level (e.g.Tamil Nadu has provided
funds for infrastructure projects) \xE4 Municipal Bonds and Debentures: The
bonds/ debentures are issued to the general public or to specific

institutional investors.In case of municipal bonds, they can either be taxable
or tax-free. In India, the Municipal bond market is still in its nascent stages
\xE4 Enhancing continuous revenues in projects: It is of paramount importance
for sustainable financing to strengthen project revenues.It is imperative that
the projects are planned in such a way that they are selfsustainable and can
deliver desired outcomes for a longer period. MSWM operations usually depend on
SWM taxes or fees/charges. Other sources of revenues might be relevant as
illustrated

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              603 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                August 15, 2002

Views aired on dealing with rubbish

BYLINE: L. Grant

SECTION: NEWS; ENVIRONMENT; Conservation; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 453 words


Laura Grant HOUSEHOLDERS could be fined for throwing away recyclable waste if
suggestions made by a number of environmentalists are taken on board as part of
the future of waste disposal in the North-east.

Members of the public were given the chance to have their say during an
environmental forum last night.

About 50 concerned residents and environmental groups attended a meeting at
Aberdeen Arts Centre to air their views on the North-east Draft Waste Plan,
which forms a blueprint for the area's approach to waste management over the
next 20 years.

Introducing legislation to force people to recycle, a fine for those who don't
and increased pressure on manufacturers to reduce packaging waste were ideas
mooted by the public as ways of cutting the area's waste.

The official plan, brought together by the Scottish Environmental Protection
Agency (Sepa), aims to reduce the volume of household rubbish being disposed of
through landfill or incineration.

Representatives from Sepa, Aberdeen City Council and the Macauley Institute
presented the proposals they believe will help the North-east meet strict
European reduction targets by 2010.

These include the introduction of composting for all suitable homes and
expansion of small-scale community composting; an increase in recycling banks to
one in 3,000 households in Aberdeen, one in 500 in Aberdeenshire and one in 750
in Moray by 2005; and the introduction of kerbside recycling collections
starting in 2005.

Peter Olsen, waste co-ordinator with Sepa, said the plans would cost GBP
6.6million over the next two to three years. Local authorities are preparing to
apply to the Scottish Executive's Strategic Waste Fund, which has set aside GBP
50million for help in meeting these costs.

"Unfortunately, we can't 100% recycle everything," said Mr Olsen. "There is
always going to be the need for some sort of landfill or incineration.

"What we are aiming to do with this plan is to have 0%nothing growth in landfill
by 2010 by stabilising the current rate of waste production, and at the same
time increasing composting and recycling.

"This isn't a static plan, however. It will be continually reviewed as
technology improves. So what we are looking at now may not necessarily be the
same in 2020." Aberdeen, Aberdeenshire and Moray Councils have been tasked with
implementing the plan.

Kathleen Fraser from Aberdeen City Council, said: "We are already putting
mechanisms in place to meet these guidelines through mini recycling centres,
civic amenity sites and 80% of homes in the city being included in kerbside
paper collections." It is estimated that around 70% of household waste which is
thrown away could be recycled.


LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2002 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              604 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      June 19, 1995, Monday, ALL EDITIONS

Sugar Hill extends deadline for solid waste questionnaire;
Questions target landfill, recycling

BYLINE: Janie Brooks Jarvis; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA, Pg. 5J

LENGTH: 377 words


Sugar Hill residents who haven't responded to a recent questionnaire asking for
their opinions on solid waste disposal are being urged to fill out the forms and
let the city know what they think.

The survey, mailed in early June to about 2,700 residents, was drafted by a
Citizens Advisory Council on Solid Waste Management appointed by the City
Council to gather feedback for a long-overdue solid waste management plan.

The task force had set a deadline of June 15 for tallying questionnaire results,
but only about 125 questionnaires had been returned as of Friday, according to
city manager Warren Nevad.

The advisory council decided to extend the deadline about another week to try to
get more feedback.

"It's very important that we get a solid waste management plan approved so the
city can be eligible for state grants and assess their solid waste needs," Nevad
said. "We appreciate the public's input on this issue."

The survey asks for residents' comments, as well as whether they would
participate in a citywide recycling program, whether the city should provide for
solid waste disposal with a landfill or another way, and whether a landfill
would be economically positive or negative for the city.

The advisory council has held several public hearings for input on issues
including recycling and other approaches to waste reduction, but decided a mass
mailing would ensure that residents who would be most affected by the new plan
would be reached.

Sugar Hill has about 5,500 residents, but the advisory council chose to use the
city's garbage pickup mailing list of about 2,700, figuring that those residents
would be the most concerned.

The questionnaire responses will be added to feedback received at the hearings,
and an official report will be presented to the City Council, said advisory
council member Meg Avery.

The report then will be presented to an environmental consultant, who will
incorporate the feedback into the city's solid waste plan, Avery said.

The plan will be presented at another public hearing, and that input added, she
said.

"Then there'll be another public hearing to present the final copy of the solid
waste management plan," she said. "We should have a good, solid draft by
mid-August."

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              605 of 995 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                           January 16, 2013 Wednesday

Recycling - Times Two;
City Reuses Former Fire Station As Recycling Center

BYLINE: Bernard Harris

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 551  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Staff Writer

The city is all about recycling.

On Tuesday, Lancaster city officially opened its new Recycling Drop-Off Center
at 850 New Holland Ave.

The center is located in a "repurposed" former fire station and is stocked with
a refurbished forklift and a donated compactor the city of Bethlehem wasn't
using. To remove items from cars at the drive-through center, there are even a
few old shopping carts donated by Weis Markets.

"We've tried very hard to buy used equipment," said Tim Breneisen, the city's
Solid Waste & Recycling manager. "We've tried to be good stewards."

To Breneisen, being a good steward means keeping materials that can be reused
out of the landfill.

The center will accept office paper, magazines and catalogs, cardboard and
"chipboard" or paperboard typically used in cereal boxes and other packaging.

Those are items that are not now accepted in the city's curbside reycling bins.

The center is open Tuesdays through Fridays from noon to 6 p.m. and Saturdays 8
a.m. to noon. It will be closed on Sundays and holidays.

It is open to city residents and residents of any other municipality under the
terms of a state Department of Environmental Protection grant that funded
renovations to the the old Fire Station 4.

The $250,000 grant paid for paving and landscaping, including a new "rain
garden" that will absorb stormwater from the surrounding area. The grant also
paid for a new roof, removal of asbestos tile, installation of a three-phase
electrical system and a ventilation system to draw out exhaust fumes from idling
cars that come to drop off materials.

The renovation project took about nine months.

Being a good steward also means wise use of financial resources, Breneisen said.

Every ton of material that does not go into the county's solid waste management
authority saves the city $73. And bundles of cardboard and large boxes of paper
will be sold for reuse as commodities.

They could be worth between $20 and $100 a ton depending on the demands of the
market, he said.

And an increase in the amount of recycled materials will increase the amount of
an annual incentive grant the city receives from the state.

Breneisen said he hopes the cost savings and potential revenue will allow the
center to be revenue-neutral.

Charlotte Katzenmoyer is more optimistic. She hopes the center will eventually
turn a profit.

The ongoing cost associated with the site is staff member Cory Simo, the new
recyclable materials coordinator. He will staff the center, removing materials
from cars as they enter.

Although there are drop-off reycling bins elsewhere, the city facility is the
first municipal facility in the county where material is taken, sorted and
packaged for reuse.

City officials are hopeful city businesses and residents will use the center for
recycling office paper. Businesses are required to recycle office paper under a
city ordinance, but that provision of the ordinance is not enforced, Breneisen
said.

The fire station site, which had been used for storage for several years, was
chosen after officials looked at several different sites. That study resulted
from the objections of southeast area residents to the center being located at
the former Pennsylvania National Guard Armory site, at 599 Chesapeake St., after
that site reverted to city ownership.

bharris@lnpnews.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Staff Lancaster City Public Works Director Charlotte Katzenmoyer Poses
In Front Of The New Recycling Drop-Off Center In The Former Fire Station On New
Holland Avenue Blaine Shahan

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              606 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                          September 2, 2015 Wednesday

Finally, BMC push for waste mgmt treatment plant

BYLINE: Priyangi Agarwal

SECTION: AGRA

LENGTH: 429 words


BAREILLY: Municipal Corporation (BMC) has finally decided to construct a
leachate treatment plant for restarting the lone solid waste management plant of
the city. The solid waste management plant has been closed for over a year for
not meeting pollution related parameters.

After garbage is treated in solid waste management plant, a residue known as
"inert" is left which is a mixture of mud, sand and gravel. The inert is dumped
on landfill sites. But when rainwater is mixed with inert, it becomes leachate,
which seeps into the soil, polluting groundwater.

For stopping the pollution of groundwater, Uttar Pradesh Pollution Control Board
(UPPCB) has recommended construction of a leachate treatment plant in the Solid
Waste Management Plant.

The authorities at BMC had fulfilled all pollution related norms except setting
up a leachate treatment plant. That is why, the UPPCB refused to grant a
no-objection certificate (NOC) till a leachate treatment plant was constructed.

"The solid waste management plant can be restarted only after construction of a
leachate treatment plant. However, the vendor, who has been hired to run the
solid waste management plant, refused to invest more by constructing a leachate
treatment plant as he has been incurring losses with the closure of the plant.
The construction of a leachate treatment plant will cost nearly Rs 8-10 lakh and
we will set it up from our sources," said municipal commissioner Sheeldhar
Yadav. He added, "At present, we have sought suggestions from UPPCB on
technologies to be adopted for construction of a leachate treatment plant. When
the technology is finalized, we will get the proposal of setting up a leachate
treatment plant approved by the central board of BMC and take necessary
permission from state government."

With the closure of lone solid waste management plant, BMC has no means of safe
disposal of garbage. Over 400 metric tonne of garbage generated daily in the
city is being dumped in the open at Bakarganj ground which has reached its full
capacity. The residents of the area have been opposing dumping of the garbage by
BMC in their locality for nearly a year. They say "they are suffering from
various diseases with dumping of garbage in the open".

In April. UPPCB had send a notice to BMC authorities for disposing the garbage
at Bakarganj ground in accordance with the rules of Municipal Solid Waste (MSW).
UPPCB stated that the guidelines stated in MSW rules, 2000 under Schedule III
[rules 6(1) and (3), 7(2)] are not being followed at Bakarganj ground.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              607 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                               September 1, 1999

Waste gives new life to schoolroom

BYLINE: By Newcastle Reporter, Rachel Manson

SECTION: Education: School Buildings, Pg.11

LENGTH: 309 words


A DERELICT schoolroom built in the 1830s is to be restored to its former glory
thanks to a grant of almost GBP 76,000.

The schoolroom in Betley will be converted into a village reading room and
meeting point and will also provide a home for visiting organisations like the
mobile library, Newcastle College and Staffordshire police.

St Margaret's Church has been behind the bid for cash in a drive to become
central to community life and the award has come from a scheme run by waste
disposal company Biffa.

Ian Ashbolt, who is on the fundraising committee, said: "The church wants to be
seen right at the heart of village life without making any demands on people.
Villagers can come in for coffee without having to sign up for services.

"At the moment people will stop and chat on the street which is fine in the
summer. but in the winter that isn't suitable and there is nowhere for them to
go."

A small part of the GBP 75,990 grant has come from Newcastle Borough Council and
Staffordshire County Council, but the bulk has been donated by Biffa Waste
Services through a scheme which ploughs 20 per cent of the landfill taxes they
collect back into the community.

Mr Ashbolt said: "Any company which uses a landfill site has to pay this tax and
some of it is handed out to community projects which improve the environment for
residents.

"We qualified because we are within 10 miles of a landfill site and this project
will improve the quality of life for people who live here."

A spokesman for Biffa added: "Jesus was involved with ordinary people as they
went about their everyday lives.

"St Margaret's Church would like to follow his example by being where the people
are going about their daily lives - in the centre of the village."

If the work goes ahead as scheduled the reading room will be open by early
summer next year.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                          Copyright 1999 The Sentinel


                              608 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday

RTI reveals messy state of solid waste

SECTION: RAJKOT

LENGTH: 452 words


RAJKOT: It was in 2005 that Gujarat Urban Development Company Ltd (GUDC) was
made the nodal agency to implement the project to scientifically dispose the
solid waste in all municipalities of Gujarat. But an RTI application has
revealed that GUDC does not even have the basic data of the volume of solid
waste generated in the state even 11 years later. The sorry state of affairs of
piling garbage in all urban areas in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's home state
is glaring amid all the hype surrounding the Swachh Bharat mission.

In the reply to an RTI application filed by activist Shailendrasinh Jadeja, the
GUDC has replied that the state government does not have any data about the
solid waste management like how much waste is generated daily in each 101 civic
bodies (93 municipalities and eight municipal corporations), how much
vermicompost is being mad and status of landfill sites. "I sought various
details from GUDC which include the details of landfill sites of eight municipal
corporations, grants given to corporations, municipalities and details of
third-party inspection of landfill sites etc. But GUDC did not provide any data
saying that it does not have any," Jadeja told TOI.Interestingly, GUDC's own
website says that due to lakc of finance and technical assistance, the Urban
Local Bodies (ULBs) of Gujarat have failed to comply with the Supreme Court's
order that made scientific treatment and disposal of solid waste mandatory as
per MSW Rules 2000. "So, the state government has decided to implement the
project centrally for all ULBs utilizing its own resources and seeking
assistance from Central government," the website states.The RTI also reveals how
the funds for the solid waste disposal have remained untilized. "In 2015, GUDC
has given technical sanction for Rs 236 crore but it still awaits administrative
approval," Jadeja said, quoting the reply.As far as landfill sites are
concerned, it is mandatory for the civic body to carry out a third-party
inspection. However, GUDC has not made it mandatory for contracts given in some
municipalities."Moreover, it is compulsory to process the solid waste before
dumping it into landfill but no civic body in the state adheres to this. As a
result, the whole purpose of landfill site is defeated," Jadeja said. No wonder,
mountains of untreated solid waste are mounting on the outskirts of most towns
and cities, posing a huge health hazard to people.'As per the rule, every civic
body has to provide daily date of solid waste generations, processing and
unprocessed wastes to Gujarat Pollution Control Board (GPCB) but not a single
civic body gives data to GPCB'' Jadeja, a GPCB award winner, said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              609 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          WA Business News (Australia)

                                January 18, 2007

R&D grants provide energy boost

BYLINE: Colin Jacoby

LENGTH: 711  words


A host of Western Australian companies received almost $32 million in federal
government AusIndustry Commercial Ready grants last year, representing around 19
per cent of total approvals nationwide.

The 22 WA recipients of these grants are indicative of the heightened focus on
the provision of grants for research into and development of renewable energy
technologies under the Australian Government's Renewable Energy Development
Initiative.

Brockway DiCOM Facility Pty Ltd, an entity of Bentley-based Anaeco Ltd, formerly
Organic Resource Technologies Ltd, is the latest WA-based company to secure a
sizeable grant, $2.7 million, under the REDI program.

Anaeco managing director Thomas Rudas told WA Business News the money would be
used to develop a demonstration waste recycling plant using the DiCOM technology
for the Western Metropolitan Regional Council, which handles waste management
for Perth's western suburbs councils.

"It has been a fairly long road to getting to construction phase," he said. "We
really want to construct stage one by the end of this year, operate it for a
period of time and then, if it is effective, look towards getting stage two up
and running by the second half of next year."

The DiCOM technology, invented by Mr Rudas, increases the diversion of organic
waste from landfill and produce renewable energy and agricultural grade compost.

WMRC, one of Perth's regional waste management groups and comprising Mosman
Park, Cottesloe, Claremont, Peppermint Grove and Subiaco councils, entered an
agreement with Anaeco that enables, upon successful commissioning to pre-agreed
performance criteria, the expansion of the stage one plant.

"WMRC have been very patient and have been waiting for this project for the last
three years," Mr Rudas said. "If we received financial support earlier then this
project would have been up and running earlier."

He said the plant would be geared towards production of one megawatt of
renewable energy from municipal solid waste, which includes garbage, refuse, and
other solid waste from residential, commercial, industrial and community
activities.

The company recently signed an alliance agreement with Perpetual Investment
Management Ltd and Perpetual Trust Services Ltd, with the agreement involving an
initial five-year period of exclusivity between the two for joint development of
DiCOM projects in Australia.

A number of Commercial Ready grants of more than $1 million were awarded to WA
companies during 2006, with the largest grant of $3.85 million awarded to
private company Lignor Pty Ltd.

The funding will help fund construction of an engineered strand lumber plant at
Albany costing more than $200 million.

East Perth-based Alkane Exploration ($3.3 million grant) and Bassendean-based
Hofmann Engineering ($3.2 million) were rare examples of Commercial Ready grant
winners, with mining companies, such as Alkane, and profitable established
businesses, such as Hofmann, rarely receiving grant funding.

CLVR Pty Ltd received $2.3 million to develop a laser system for corneal
reflective surgery, retinal photocoagulation and other laser-based eye
treatments, while ShieldLiner Ltd received $1.3 million for its product to line,
repair and seal both gravity and pressure pipelines.

Welshpool-based Advanced Nanotechnology Ltd received a $1.95 million Commercial
Ready grant for the development of a new range of nanotechnology products known
as transparent functional coatings and films.

Advanced chief executive Paul McCormick said the funding provided assistance
with early stage commercialisation of a new water-based zinc oxide additive for
low volatile organic compounds paints.

The most recent grant above $1 million was the $1.02 million received by
Sensear, a Perth-based developer of a noise filtering technology.

WA companies also received some of the smaller grants. WA Composts Pty Ltd, for
example, received $361,400 to validate the application process and benefits of
applying pelletised compost to cropping systems across Australia.

AusIndustry, the program delivery division of the Australian Department of
Industry, Tourism and Resources, uses several criteria to determine a company's
ability to receive grant funding, including its management capability, technical
and commercial merit.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 WA Business News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              610 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 July 12, 1989, WEDNESDAY, ST. CHARLES Edition

RECYCLING CENTER MADE POSSIBLE BY $34,907 GRANT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1094 words


A recycling center in Wentzville signals the start of fulfilling a solid
wastemanagement plan for the entire county, a proponent of recycling efforts
says.  Mary Halliday, the proponent, wrote a successful application for a grant
that will help pay for the Wentzville site. The Department of Natural Resources
announced this week that St. Charles County had received $34, 907 for the
recycling project and a public education program. The center should open this
summer.  ''I feel really good about what the county is doing,'' Halliday said.
''They (county officials are finally getting started on recommendations of the
solid waste plan.'' Halliday served on a task force that developed the waste
management plan, which was completed in 1987. The lengthy document hinged on
premises that massive recycling and education efforts were needed in St. Charles
County to encourage and show residents how to reduce the amount of refuse ending
up in landfills.  To ensure those efforts, Halliday has been named director of
an education program. She will be paid $14,000 for a year.  This summer she is
developing combination lecture and slide shows that she can present in county
school districts, starting in late September, for various age groups.  The
Natural Resources Department will approve the programs and Halliday will seek
permission from school officials before making presentations.  ''Basically, what
we do is tell people what we need to do and why,'' Halliday said. ''Children
don't understand why you can't throw everything away and why you should repair
things. I believe in working with the children. A lot of times children will
teach their parents.  ''If children understand recycling, it will be natural
with them. We may not s ee results for a long time, but if you don't start, you
will never get there,'' Halliday said.  Paul D. Roberts, director the county
Health Department, said the recycling center should be completed this month. The
three-sided structure will be built so that vehicles can be driven under a
protective overhang and allow drivers to deposit trash in appropriate areas, he
said.  Schneider Fence Co. of O'Fallon has been awarded the contract for an
8-foot protective fence at a cost of nearly $5,968. Buchheit Co. of Perryville,
Mo., won the contract for the metal structure at $6,163 and concrete work will
go to Martell Concrete of Wentzville at $8,095.  Roberts said the center and
education program will cost about $92,000 the first year. Some of the county
costs are for in-kind services, he said. For example, an employee of the Health
Department will probably be named site manager.  Halliday said she sought the
grant money out of frustration and dismay.  In 1988, only a few months after St.
Charles County commissioners had accepted the solid waste management plan, they
would not authorize money to implement suggestions. Halliday said she was
concerned that two years of work with a professional company, CH2M Hill, would
be destined for the library shelf.  ''I wrote that grant (application in order
to be able to follow through with the solid waste management plan,'' she said.
''I was so disappointed that the County Commission did not put anything into
that plan.'' Another part of the grant includes providing sorting containers.
Halliday said she has $7,500 to purchase containers for about 400 families.
Plans are now to give three containers to families who use the recycling center
and who are interested in sorting their paper, glass and aluminum.  ''We want to
make it easy for people. We thought the containers would lead to success,''
Halliday said.  Halliday hopes that eventually 25 percent of the waste generated
in St.  Charles County is recycled. The rate now is about 1 percent.
''Recycling is really easy to do - like turning down your thermostat,'' Halliday
said. ''We're now trying to extend the life of landfills and recycling is one
way to do that.'' Recycle one See RECYCLE, Page 3

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; PHOTO HEADSHOT ... Mary Halliday ... Wrote application ST.
CHARLES COUNTY

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              611 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 31, 2014 Saturday

New Mexico: Recycling Program Coordinator

LENGTH: 693  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


City of Las Cruces has issued the following news release:

Job Title:  Recycling Program Coordinator
Closing Date/Time:  Mon. 06/02/14 11:59 PM Mountain Time
Salary:  $32,000.00 - $45,000.00 Annually
Job Type:  Full-time Regular
Location:  700 N. Main St., Las Cruces, New Mexico
 Full-time regular, exempt position responsible for promoting and marketing the
South Central Solid Waste Authority (SCSWA) Recycling Program in order to
achieve a significant reduction in waste.

Position involves working extended hours when necessary; adhering to strict
deadlines; performing multiple tasks; and responding to customer inquiries and
complaints.

Position functions approximately 70% in an office setting with no notable
adverse environmental conditions and 30% outdoors conducting site tours and
outreach services in all types of weather conditions.  Protective clothing may
include hard hat, steel-toe boots, gloves, and vest.  Position involves
occasional bending, stooping, balancing, crouching and reaching above shoulder
level; occasional moving materials weighing up to 25 pounds; occasional
climbing, kneeling and squatting when conducting site tours; visual and auditory
ability to perform essential job functions; ability to operate a motor vehicle
and two-way communication device; and move about on uneven ground surfaces.

Duties and Responsibilities:

Markets and monitors the sale of recycled goods and promotes waste reduction and
recycling.
    Performs research to analyze and evaluate the ongoing status of current
programs in order to determine feasibility of implementing new recycling
programs; maintains data to evaluate and record progress of the SCSWA's efforts
in waste reduction programs from an economic perspective.
    Solicits alternate funding by applying for grants, awards, and special
recognition entries related to solid waste/recycling programs.  Requests pricing
and bids and coordinates billing, collection, and deposits on recyclable
materials; manages customer accounts (new and existing) for cardboard and office
paper.
    Educates the general public, businesses, and schools on recycling and solid
waste services by providing details on cost effectiveness; conducts tours of the
SCSWA Recycling Center as requested; participates and promotes recycling events
such as Earth Day and Keep Las Cruces Beautiful; conducts presentations to
various educational and community groups and organizations.
    Prepares reports for SCSWA management and Solid Waste Authority Board;
responds to customer inquiries and concerns; attends management and professional
organization meetings as directed.


 Minimum Qualifications:

Associate Degree in Pre-Business or related field PLUS three years of experience
in business accounting or marketing, preferably in recycling or solid waste
programs.  A combination of education, experience, and training may be applied
in accordance with SCSWA policy.

Valid driver's license is required.  Position requires an acceptable driving
record in accordance with SCSWA policy.  Recycling Certification must be
obtained within six months of employment.

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:

Considerable knowledge of:  Federal, state and local recycling regulations;
principles, practices, and equipment involved in recycling and providing solid
waste services; hazards and safety precautions associated  with solid waste and
recycling; government rules and regulations as they apply to solid waste and
recycling.

Ability to: Gather and review data, analyze findings, prepare oral reports, and
produce written documents with clearly organized thoughts with proper English
sentence construction, punctuation and grammar; accurately produce mathematical
calculations; effectively communicate orally with customers, clients or the
public in face-to-face, one-to-one, or group settings, or using the telephone;
establish effective working relationships with both internal and external
customers; operate motorized vehicles and navigate on uneven surfaces.

Skills in:  Public speaking and producing graphics, brochures, and other
materials for public presentations.

For further information please visit: http://www.las-cruces.org/

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              612 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday

Focus on solid waste management in urban areas

LENGTH: 329 words

DATELINE: Bhopal


Bhopal, Oct. 15 -- Importance has been given to solid waste management in urban
areas as part of efforts being made for infrastructure development through PPP
mode in MP. Two solid waste management projects of Sagar and Katni have been
identified for this. Both projects have been chalked out keeping requirements of
next 20 years in view.

The projects identified for Katni district envisages door-to-door waste
collection, its transportation and segregation in Katni, Sihora, Barhi, Kaymor
and Vijayraghavgarh. The waste will be scientifically treated and disposed of
with the help of the facility of Regional Solid Waste Management Institute at
Katni. Project's cost is Rs 35.39 crore.

Operation and maintenance grant of 5 years will be given. After 5 years, these
local bodies will be able to bear its expenses through user charge. Under the
project, 50 per cent subsidy will be given and 20 percent soft loan will be
given to urban bodies through Madhya Pradesh Urban Infrastructure Fund.

At present, these urban areas' population is 3.21 lakh and 92 MT waste per day
is generated there. After 20 years, this population will be 4.41 lakh and
quantum of waste will increase to 125 MT.

Sagar, Bina, Khurai, Gadhakota, Rehli, Devri, Banda, Rahatgarh, Shahgarh and
Shahpur have been included in the project chalked out for Sagar district.
Project's total cost will be '70.54 crore. At present, population of these urban
areas is 7.72 lakh, which will rise to 9.89 lakh after 20 years. In these areas,
185 MT waste per day is generated which will increase to 340 MT.

Sponsoring agency of both projects will be Urban Development and Environment
Department and will be implemented by concerning urban bodies. Implementation
will be made in design, build, finance, operate and transfer mode.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              613 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                              July 25, 2014 Friday

Recycling education campaign in hamilton estate nevis project

LENGTH: 566  words


Project Number: STK/SGP/OP5/Y3/CORE/LD/14/02


Country: Saint Kits and Nevis


Area Of Work: CapDev, Land Degradation


Operational Phase: Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 50,000.00


Co-Financing cash: US$ 24,960.00


Start Date: 7/2014


End Date: 7/2015
Status: Not active yet


Project Description: The village of Hamilton Estate lies just 2 miles east of
the capital city of Charlestown. The community was built around the ruins of the
Hamilton Estate, which was a sugar plantation until the 1950%s and was owned by
the family of Alexander Hamilton

one of the United States

Founding Fathers,  who was born and raised on the island of Nevis.


In Hamilton Estate, a small rural community, indiscriminate open dumping of
solid waste  specifically plastics and paper  are creating unsightly
surroundings, choking drains and thus having a negative impact on the physical
environment. Some of these solid wastes such as food and other kitchen wastes,
paper, glass, metal, plastic containers and packaging are the results of daily
activities. Other materials such as construction wastes (tiles, concrete, rebar,
lumber, sheeting), clothing, and hazardous wastes (medications, batteries,
paints, chemicals) are often inappropriately handled (recycled or disposed of
improperly) thereby creating hazardous litter. These carelessly disposed wastes
eventually pollute waterways and contaminate the natural environment as well as
threaten the health of all in the area. Additionally, improper waste management
also jeopardizes Nevis% reputation as a clean, green country and affects tourism
the key target sector for economic growth.
Plastic items consistently represent the major category of marine debris. In
Nevis, with its radial slopes, debris can easily enter waterways and reach the
coastlines during periods of heavy, tropical rainfall. This debris damages not
only fisheries but it also kills and injures a wide range of marine life. In
addition, the collection of debris causes severe navigational problems and has
the potential to transport harmful chemicals and invasive species that further
threaten human health.
Addressing the issue of unsightly scattered trash in Hamilton Estate is indeed
the responsibility of the residents. Nevis has an established solid waste
management programme but the improperly disposed trash that ends up along the
coastlines and in the public drains are often left behind by waste collectors.
Consequently, the poor disposal of trash is having a negative impact on the
Hamilton Estate landscape.

Historically, Hamilton Estate residents, like residents in many other
communities in Nevis, dispose of trash using traditional methods of garbage
truck collection. While this method has some effectiveness, residents can be
encouraged to be more proactive and can be educated about the types of waste
that they create and alternative options to dispose or recycle it.
The Reach Hamilton Estate Community Group has proposed to Reduce the amount of
trash in th
Project completion date : 2015-07-31 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : 304 East 45th Street, 15th Floor
New York, NY, 10017

Country :United States
Financier : Global Environment Facility (GEF),
United Nations Development Programme (UNDP),

Financier address : United Nations Development Programme
One United Nations Plaza
New York, NY 10017


Tel: +1 (212) 906-5000


Call: +1 (212) 963-1234

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              614 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           December 17, 2011 Saturday

Belarus POPs Stockpile Management Project (GEF)

LENGTH: 377  words


The objective of the Integrated Solid Waste Management Project for Belarus is
to: (i) increase environmental benefits of integrated solid waste management in
the City of Grodno through recovery and reuse of recyclable materials; and (ii)
strengthen national capacity to manage hazardous wastes associated with
Persistent Organic Pollutants (POPs). There are four components to the project.
Component one: construction of a mechanical waste separation treatment facility
in the City of Grodno. This component is estimated to cost US$ 37 million,
financed by a World Bank loan.

Funds will finance construction of a 120,000 ton/year modern mechanical
separation plant to recover recyclable materials from commercial and household
waste. Component two: waste separation management improvements. This component
is estimated to cost US$4.0 million, financed from Government budget. The
objective is to sequence improvements to separate waste at source so the
mechanical solid waste separation facility receives higher-quality dry input
materials to process. Component three: POPs stockpile management. This component
will cost an estimated US$26.7 million: US$5.5 million financed by a global
environment facility (GEF) grant; US$20.6 million financed from Government and
enterprise resources; and the balance from international sources such as United
Nation Development Program (UNDP), Swedish International Development Authority
(SIDA), North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO). Component four: project
management and other support activities: managing the solid waste management
(SWM) components (I & II) is estimated to cost US$ 2.65 million: the World Bank
will finance US$0.4 to support project staff, training, audits, and incremental
office operating expenses; Government will finance staffing, monitoring and
evaluation, including surveys; other official staffing support from the Ministry
of Housing Utilities (MHU) and the Oblast; and office accommodation, operations,
and maintenance.
Approval Date : 17-JUN-2010
Closing Date : 30-SEP-2013
Total Project Cost : 69.19
Region Europe And Central Asia
Major Sector (Sector) (%) : Public Administration, Law, and Justice (Public
administration- Water, sanitation and flood protection) (100%)

country :Belarus
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              615 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                    December 28, 1999 Tuesday, ALL EDITIONS

Panel to study changing bottle bill and recycling

BYLINE: Cynthia Koury; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 390 words

DATELINE: BOSTON



- A seven-member legislative subcommittee has been formed to study the state's
bottle bill specifically and recycling efforts in general.

State Rep. John J. Binienda, D-Worcester, chairman of the House Committee on
Energy, said the Subcommittee on Recycling will meet with representatives of the
beverage industry, redemption centers, environmental groups and others in the
coming months.

The goal, he said, is to study whether the bottle bill should be changed and to
improve recycling efforts across the state. In 1982, voters approved the 5-cent
deposit law for bottles and cans.

The goal is to bring us toward 100 percent recycling,'' Mr. Binienda said
yesterday.

Mr. Binienda announced his appointments to the subcommittee yesterday: Reps.
Vincent A. Pedone, D-Worcester, who will be the panel's chairman, Thomas A.
Golden Jr., D-Lowell, Carol A. Donovan, D-Woburn, and Kevin L. Finnegan,
R-Newburyport.

Three Senate appointments will be announced within the next few days, he said.

Mr. Pedone said the subcommittee will report on its findings to Mr. Binienda's
committee by mid-July.

We want to get as much information as we can so we can come up with a sensible
approach to solid waste recycling,'' he said.

Mr. Binienda said his committee voted to study the bottle law in October, after
conducting hearings on a measure that would have phased it out by 2002.

The proposal would have replaced the law with a Solid Waste Management Board
that would develop new disposal programs. The beverage industry would have been
assessed charges to finance the transition.

That proposal also will be part of the subcommittee's study.

It took 15 years to get the bottle bill passed,'' Mr. Binienda said.  Certainly
it's not going to disappear in 15 minutes.''

Also yesterday, state Rep. John P. Fresolo, D-Worcester, announced that
Worcester was recently awarded $32,000 in grants through the state Department of
Environmental Protection's municipal recycling grant program.

The grants will be used for a consumer-education mailer program for city
residents and for brochures on home composting.

Mr. Fresolo said that since 1990, the Executive Office of Environmental Affairs
and the DEP have granted more than $17 million for educational materials and
recycling and household hazardous waste equipment.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1999 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              616 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  October 28, 1991, MONDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

TRASH POLICY VITAL TO ST. LOUIS COUNTY

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 1675 words


On Nov. 5, St. Louis County voters will be asked to decide if they should impose
a 5 percent surcharge on all trash taken to county landfills. The money from
this surcharge, about $1 million a year, would be used to implement a
solid-waste policy.  Funds raised through the surcharge would have a minimal
impact upon the budgets of county residents yet would yield tangible benefits.
An office of solid waste would be set up within the Department of Community
Health and Medical Care. The coordinator would: Develop educational programs to
encourage recycling and reducing waste re duction.  Establish a municipal grant
program to help communities and the unincorporated areas of the county formulate
their own recycling and composting programs.  Develop promotional campaigns to
attract companies to the county that make products made from recycled materials.
Provide household hazardous waste education and training.  Solid waste
management is a regional concern. The trash in St. Louis County landfills comes
not only from within our own borders but from the entire metropolitan area. This
surcharge would be levied fairly on all those who dispose of waste in St. Louis
County. Nearly half of the surcharge would be paid by those who bring their
trash here but until now have contributed little to the county for doing so.
County residents should see no more than a 50-cent rise in their trash disposal
bills every three months.  As a member of the St. Louis County Waste Management
Commission, I wholeheartedly endorse passage of the surcharge and the
establishment of a solid waste coordinator. Lee Fox President The Fox Group
Environmental Communications Kirkwood Foster Caring Many have critiqued the
foster-care system in Missouri, but few as poignantly as the young people who
spoke at the national meeting of the Child Welfare League of America in St.
Louis recently. Martha Shirk did a real service to the community by covering
this important session in her ''Family Issues'' column.  The children's
viewpoints had extraordinary credibility since they have all been placed in
residential treatment programs by the foster-care system.  The matters about
which they were critical came as no surprise to the child welfare and mental
health professionals in the audience. The young people dislike it when they are
treated like anonymous cases and when they are not given options or direct
information about what will happen next.  We can make all sorts of excuses as a
state, or as individual citizens, about why Missouri cannot support adequate
resources to fund the kind of foster-care system that has children as its focus.
The excuses seem quite hollow after listening to these teen-age veterans of that
system.  Susan S. Stepleton Executive Director Edgewood Children's Center
Webster Groves Leave Us Alone Once more the Post-Dispatch has extolled the right
to privacy. An Oct. 15 News Analysis article was headlined, ''14th Amendment
Gave 'The Right To Be Left Alone' By Government.'' The subhead read, ''But That
Right Of Privacy Has Been Curbed By Supreme Court Decisions Of Last 5 Years.''
Neither the press nor government allows the exercise of any ''right to be left
alone.'' From birth to burial - if life is not snuffed out before birth -
government intrudes in our lives, and even in the right to die in privacy. It
remained for the late Justice Louis Brandeis to find by divination the unwritten
right to privacy that other jurists had failed to discover in 150 years.  People
certainly do need protection of their privacy. But who is to defend it? The
media cannot be relied on to do it. The hen house needs a more credible guard.
The press feels free under an elastic interpretation of the First Amendment to
nullify everyone else's right to privacy. Media people routinely snoop into
private affairs, foray into minds to prospect for motives, purloin personal
letters and photographs, peep into bedrooms, paw through family linens,
eavesdrop on private conversations and destroy reputations with smears, rumors
and innuendoes.  If our omniscient and omnipotent journalists want to get
serious about identifying the real violator of the right of privacy, let them
take a look in the mirror. It's time for the press, as well as Congress, to
start behaving responsibly. Both are at the bottom of the scale in public
esteem. Ever wonder why?  Raymond L. Kringer St. Louis Partisan Politics I am
responding to your Sept. 30 editorial, ''Along Party Lines.'' It states that the
redistricting plan for the County Council districts submitted by the Democratic
commission members divides the county into three Democratic districts, three
Republican districts and one swing district.  It is apparent that your paper
blindly accepts as truth the characteristics of these districts as described by
the Democrats. An objective analysis of the 3rd District, the alleged swing
district, shows that in fact it has been drawn by the Democrats to be a solid
Democratic district. In the 1988 presidential election, 53.5 percent of the vote
in the 3rd District was for Michael Dukakis. Given President Bush's landslide
victory in 1988, any area that supported Dukakis could hardly be described as
anything but strongly Democratic. To accept the Democratic label demonstrates
either a lack of objectivity or a lack of research on the part of your paper.  I
am puzzled by the belief that any district lines must be drawn to give each
party the same number of seats when the population shifts and demographics of
St. Louis County do not support such a map. A lo gical extension of this
argument would mean that the ward boundaries of the city of St. Louis should be
drawn to ensure the election of Republican aldermen even though the demographics
of the city do not support the drawing of such wards.  I agree with your
editorial that both parties must work together to draw fair district lines.
Fairness, however, is not in the eye of the Democrats - not according to the
Democratic map.  M. Ann Smith Affton Woman's World Maybe more men would be
willing to make child-support payments if they were given the same advantages as
women. For example, a man ordered to pay $100 a week in support pays $5,200 a
year but he cannot deduct any of that from his taxes, while the mother receives
that money tax-free, not having to claim any of it on her return and also having
the sole benefit of claiming the child as a dependent.  Most women use child
support for its intended purpose, but in some cases a woman treats child support
money as if it were alimony, using it for her own benefit. Isn't it natural that
a man would feel resentful about handing over money without having a say as to
how that money is allocated, especially when he knows it's being misused, as the
mother satisfies her wants and not the childs needs?  And isn't it strange that
our society allows women a way out of an unwelcome pregnancy via abortion or
adoption yet expects a man to be financially responsible for an ill-conceived
pregnancy? How ironic that I can abort my husband's unborn child regardless of
his wishes, while another man might sleep with a woman for one month and,
regardless of his wishes, should she have his baby, he pays for the next 20
years.  Our double-standard society gives women complete control over
childbirth.  The time to revise child support laws is now.  Rena Rosales St.
Louis Bathroom Language I'm glad to see architects putting so much thought into
the expansion of the Cervantes Convention Center. In all their grandiose plans,
I hope they remember one important feature - more bathroom stalls for women.
There is nothing more frustrating than attending a sports event and having to
wait for an inordinate amount of time in a line to use the facilities.  Even
though most of the architects and project reviewers on the Cervantes Convention
Center are male, I hope they are considerate of area women in their plans.
Remember, many of these same women voted for the special hotel-motel tax to help
finance the expansion project.  K.E. Warner Ballwin Capitalize On Kids No wonder
the kids on the levee are a nuisance - there is no place for them to go and
nothing to do. Why doesn't someone open a night club for minors? It could serve
soft drinks and fast food. Maybe some fledgling rock bands would play there free
to build up a following, or if not, for a modest sum.  The club could also have
games, like some shopping malls do, such as putt-putt golf and ski ball. In
fact, if the place was big enough, it could probably afford well-known rock
bands, just like the other night clubs do. And no matter how much adults might
want to come in, never, never let them - ha ha!  Muriel McMonigle Hazelwood
Trying To Teach I read with interest the recent article concerning Missouri's
loss of teachers due to higher salaries. I feel compelled to address another
issue.  I moved to Missouri in the fall of 1989. I brought with me 20 years of
teaching experience and a reference file from both principals and students of
which I am very proud. I love teaching and certainly back the need to put value
on education, but salary would not be an issue in my case.  I hold teaching
certificates in both Iowa and Illinois, but I was informed that I would not be
allowed certification in Missouri unless I took two math courses, an economics
course and a health course. I teach English and Social Studies. In other words,
my 20-year-old curriculum did not match that of a current Missouri graduate. So
regardless of recommendations and experience, I would not be allowed to be an
educator in Missouri.  When I see TV specials on states such as Texas, which are
bringing people with other job experiences into the classroom, allowing them to
teach and then certifying them on their competence, I am confused as to
Missouri's requirement. We certainly need standards for our educators, but
perhaps the state should review its policy. Since I've been here, I've met many
former fine out-of-staters with the same tale.  Marianne Willaert Ballwin

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              617 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                   The National Business Review (New Zealand)

                              Image: trace 5.5.06

                                  May 5, 2006

Questions raised over Waste's management;
Waste Management has left shareholders little option but to vote in favour of
the Transpacific takeover deal

SECTION: Pg.51

LENGTH: 971 words


Benjamin Franklin once said necessity never made a good bargain. Waste
Management chief executive Kim Ellis has found himself arguing in the opposite
corner.

Mr Ellis' challenge has been to persuade shareholders his company will be
relegated to the bottom of the rubbish pit if the proposed "merger" with
Australia's Transpacific fails to go ahead.

The problem is that Mr Ellis and the Waste Management board have, by their own
actions, made that scenario all the more likely.

This is because the pursuit of the amalgamation with Transpacific has created an
opportunity cost of otherwise gaining a significant market share in Australia, a
prospect made all the more difficult by Waste Management now helping
Transpacific bid for Brambles' Cleanaway business.

Transpacific will pay Waste Management $8 million for the advice if its bid is
successful and its takeover of Waste Management doesn't take place.

By the time shareholders get to vote on the proposal, Waste Management will have
next to no chance of significantly increasing its market share in Australia if
the deal with Transpacific does not go ahead.

Whether Waste Management had much chance of acquiring Cleanaway itself is now a
moot point as Waste Management has burnt its bridges as far as its future as a
growth company is concerned and has instead put down its hand to try to join
forces with Transpacific.

As Grant Samuel notes in its full report on the proposed transaction, unless
Waste Management can acquire a significant waste management company in
Australia, it will remain a small participant with no scale.

If the Transpacific takeover does not proceed, Waste Management will remain a
listed company with no change to its shareholder base.

Although Waste Management's earnings have grown about 15% a year over the past
five years there is no guarantee this will continue. In fact, growth is becoming
harder to achieve.

The company's major investments in Australia are the Inkerman Landfill and the
Remove All collection business in South Australia.

Inkerman is up against Collex, one of the largest waste management companies in
Australia. With waste volumes being delivered to Inkerman currently 20% below
expectations, it appears the competitive pressure is already starting to bite.

And further rationalisation is likely both in Australia and New Zealand if
Cleanaway is sold to Transpacific or another party.

Shoeshine is not suggesting that Mr Ellis should have poked his tongue at Terry
Peabody's $8.64-a-share offer, but he is thinking it strange that Mr Ellis has
closed the door on any alternative plan.

The existence of a separate $8 million break fee also has implications for
shareholders.

First, it provides Waste Management with a monetary incentive to promote the
proposed transaction.

Second, the break fee makes it marginally more expensive for another bidder to
make a successful equivalently priced offer.

As far as Waste Management shareholders are concerned, the decision to vote for
or against is a no brainer. The only question is whether the $8.64 a share they
will receive is enough.

Grant Samuel's appraisal assessed the full underlying value of Waste Management
shares as in the range of $7.24 to $8.21.

The amalgamation payment with a dividend of $8.80 was a premium of 25% over the
closing share price of $6.99 on March 24, the day before the proposed
transaction was announced, the appraisal said.

It was also a premium of 32% over the weighted average price of $6.66 in the
month before the announcement. Most analysts say it's a good deal.

But the Grant Samuel valuation would have been significantly higher were it not
for some fine print in the proposed transaction.

The deal requires all outstanding options to either be exercised or lapse before
the effective date. As a result, the number of shares on issue will increase to
104.4 million and debt will decline by $15.7 million.

This is a common undertaking for mergers and acquisitions but one that many
shareholders would not have been aware of.

The increase in total shares has a significant impact on the valuation. Had
Grant Samuel valued the company without this change, its valuation would have
been between $7.51 and $8.53 a share, much closer to the amalgamation payment of
$8.64.

Rakon's secrets exposed

The hot demand for the new shares on offer from tech darling Rakon suggests next
Tuesday's stock exchange float will be a good one.

The 41.2 million shares offered at $1.60 each were as scarce as hen's teeth and
brokers are expecting a listing premium or "stag" profit.

Rakon is an interesting company that has become a world leader in the
development of high-performance quartz products and crystal components.

No one else in New Zealand makes the ultra-accurate crystals essential for
global positioning system (GPPS) equipment.

Many of its clients are telecommunication companies or high-tech firms that
don't always let on what they use Rakon's products for.

It will be interesting to see what lengths the company goes to to comply with
continuous disclosure rules and regulation.

Rakon not only needs to protect its own research and development and
intellectual property but may also be obliged to protect the identities of its
clients.

For example, the company might find itself in a tricky situation if it is
required to break down revenue into segments and inform the market of new
contracts.

This, combined with the risk of copyright, which could potentially dilute
Rakon's market share, will be a challenge for the management team and one that
it won't have experienced before.

The technology is open to being used by others, so Rakon's continued success
will depend on its ability to develop its own products and create new
opportunities.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

        Copyright 2006 Fourth Estate Holdings Ltd. All Rights Reserved.


                              618 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                             June 2, 2004 Wednesday
                                 NORTH EDITION

TOWNSHIP TO REVIEW SECOND ROUND OF TRASH HAULING BIDS

BYLINE: KAREN KANE, PITTSBURGH POST-GAZETTE

SECTION: METRO; CRANBERRY; Pg. N-4

LENGTH: 542 words


By 10 a.m. tomorrow, Cranberry officials expect to have a good idea whether
they'll be able to put together by fall a new and reasonably priced system for
collecting garbage, yard waste and recyclables.

At tomorrow morning's session, township staff will open a second round of bids
from local waste haulers interested in serving as the township's only trash
hauler.

Even if the numbers are disappointing, as they were during the first round of
bids, township staff has said it won't give up on its goal of complying with
state and county regulations that demand curbside pickup of yard waste. Under
township ordinance, residents are supposed to recycle metal, glass, plastics and
yard waste, but the ordinance has not been enforced.

The township's efforts have promoted the state Department of Environmental
Resources, which has given the township notice that it expects compliance, to
lift some of the pressure.

"They're pretty pleased at the fact that we're doing what we're supposed to be
doing," township Manager Jerry Andree told the board of supervisors Thursday.

The DEP has decided to allow the township to apply for a major grant to help
cover the costs of buying two new recycling containers: one for yard waste and
one for conventional recyclables, such as bottles and cans.

"Technically speaking, we're not supposed to be able to apply for these
[competitive] grants because we're not in compliance,'' Andree said. He noted
that the DEP recognized that the grant application is part of the township's
efforts to do what it is mandated by environmental regulations to do. "They're
working with us,'' Andree said.

He said DEP representatives have indicated they'll give the township a year to
comply with curbside collection of leaves. County regulations require all yard
waste be eliminated from the trash stream. Andree expects similar consideration
from the county.

Meanwhile, he said, the county's recent adoption of regulations requiring the
separation of yard waste along with Cranberry's commitment to comply with those
rules is having an effect on the private sector.

He said officials from Waste Management Inc., of Carnegie, have told him the
company is going to create a disposal area for yard waste at its Sunbury
landfill, and Vogel Disposal Services Inc., of Mars, has said it is going to
establish a recycling center at its Seneca landfill in Jackson.

Cranberry staff recommended several months ago that the township pass an
ordinance requiring that residents contract for trash removal with a single
waste hauler. The idea has generated some opposition.

Even township staff couldn't endorse the idea based on prices that were
submitted in a first round of bids opened May 11. With each bidder, township
residents would pay substantially more than they're paying now.

Andree called the bids "simply unacceptable."

Then he met with the four waste haulers who currently do business in the
township in an effort to secure a more reasonable second set of bids.

The four companies are Waste Management; Vogel; J.J. Brunner Refuse, of
Sewickley Township; and BFI Waste Systems Inc., of Findlay.

About 60 percent of the township contracts with Vogel.

Andree estimated that the average township resident currently pays about $42 per
quarter for service.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Karen Kane can be reached at kkane@post-gazette.com or 724-772-9180.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              619 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Latin America - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             May 11, 2006 Thursday

Regional development bank grants Guyana 18m-dollar loan

LENGTH: 297 words


Text of report by Caribbean Media Corporation news agency website on 9 May

Washington: Guyana is to benefit from an 18m-dollar loan approved by the
Inter-American Development Bank (IADB). The IADB said Tuesday [9 May] that the
funds would be used for the construction and operation of a sanitary landfill at
Haags Bosch in the capital.

"The programme seeks to improve the quality of life of residents of metropolitan
Georgetown, through sustainable solutions for solid waste management. The
construction and operation contract for the landfill will be awarded to a
private company to be selected through competitive bidding," the IADB said in a
statement.

In addition, the IADB is also providing a 2.5m-dollar guarantee. "If triggered,
the amounts disbursed under the guarantee agreement will be converted into term
loans against the government of Guyana," the IADB said.

"The proposed project for solid waste management will foster economic growth by
contributing to sound environmental management that is required to sustain
economic growth," said Fernando Soares Bretas, IADB project manager.

"Furthermore, the participation of the private sector in the construction and
operation of the landfill is aligned with the IDB's goal of enabling private
sector participation as a driver of economic growth," he added.

The bank has been involved in solid waste management in Guyana since 1999, when
Georgetown requested support to address the then-acute problem of solid waste
disposal in the capital. Over the past six years, the IADB and the government of
Guyana have adopted a series of measures to remedy the problem. The new IADB
loan is for a 40-year term, with a 10-year grace period.

Source: Caribbean Media Corporation news agency website, Bridgetown, in English
1623 gmt 9 May 06

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2006 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              620 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                             July 17, 2012 Tuesday

State satisfied with solid waste company

BYLINE: Adib Povera; Sharifah Syakila

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 411 words


ALOR STAR: THE Pas-led state government refuted a claim by a backbencher that
Environmental Idaman Sdn Bhd (E-Idaman) had failed to provide solid waste
collection for households in Kedah.

State Housing and Local Government, Water Supply and Energy Resources Committee
chairman Datuk Phahrolrazi Zawawi (Pas-Pengkalan Kundor) told the house the
state government was satisfied with E-Idaman.

"The average number of failed solid waste collections recorded from September
last year to May this year was less than 10 per cent and this is acceptable.

"For instance, in September last year, the number of failed collection was less
than one per cent or 17 areas out of 2,952 areas," Phahrolrazi said.

He said this in response to a question by Yaakub Hussin (Pas-Bandar Baharu), who
had asked if the state government planned to review the terms and collection
areas after he claimed E-Idaman did not perform up to mark.

Phahrolrazi also said the state government was allowed to suggest or complain on
waste collection through a monthly regional meeting with E-Idaman and the Solid
Waste Management and Public Cleansing Corporation.

After the Solid Waste Management and Public Cleansing Act 2007 came into effect
on Sept 1 last year, the Federal Government appointed three concessionaires to
handle solid waste collection.

They are E-Idaman, which is responsible for the collection of household solid
waste in Kedah and Perlis; Alam Flora Sdn Bhd for Pahang, Kuala Lumpur and
Putrajaya; and Southern Waste Management Environment Sdn Bhd for Johor, Malacca
and Negri Sembilan.

Menteri Besar Datuk Seri Azizan Abdul Razak (Pas-Sungai Limau) admitted there
was a technical glitch over award of land titles to 370 Felda settlers in Bukit
Tangga near here.

"I have checked with the Kubang Pasu district Land Office.

"The settlers need not pay the premium as the matter would be settled by Felda.
The problem has been resolved and the state government will award them with the
titles soon," he said. Azizan was responding to Abdullah Jusoh (Pas-Pantai
Merdeka) on claims by Bukit Tangga Felda settlers that they did not obtain their
land titles.

Earlier, four bills were passed. They were the State Islamic Foundation
Financial Statements, State Scholarship Board Financial Statements, State
Stadiums Corporation Financial Statements and State Public Services Commissions
Annual Reports and Financial Statement.

The sitting, which lasted for about 90 minutes, was later adjourned sine die.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              621 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                            Crain's Detroit Business

                                 July 07, 1997

INSIDE: LATE NEWS

SECTION: Cover Story; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1214 words


Disaster comes home

A Fenton family built its business by rebuilding communities around the country
after natural disasters. Last Thursday, they were pulling crews home to Detroit.
Page 3.

Rossetti and SHG may join on Lions stadium

The architectural design of a new Detroit Lions stadium downtown probably will
be a tag team of Rossetti Associates Architects and SHG Inc. Page 3.

UMI loses CEO, idles 40

Changes in UMI's corporate strategy have resulted in 40 layoffs and the
elimination of its corporate division. The database company also is searching
for a CEO. Page 3.

Oakland by the numbers

What makes Oakland County's economic engine run? See MarketFacts, after Page 12.

LATE NEWS

City Management fights Ill. landfill pact bidding

City Management Corp., stung by its second-place finish in the contest for a
$300 million landfill contract in Illinois, has taken its beef with the bidding
to court.

The Detroit-based company's suit accuses the Will County board of violating
state contract-bidding requirements and approving a bid that did not adhere to
specifications.

Last month, the county board gave Waste Management Inc. the contract to build
and run the 14 million-ton landfill on 455 acres of the U.S. Army's former
Joliet Arsenal.

The Oak Brook, Ill.-based giant won the contract largely on the $17-a-ton
tipping fee it offered county municipalities. Tipping fees are what a landfill
charges haulers using the facility.

County Executive Charles Adelman had structured the bid to give 70 percent
weight to the tipping fee and 30 percent to the host fees the waste companies
offered the county for allowing the landfill within its borders. City
Management's host fees were more generous than Waste Management's, but its
tipping fee was $4.50 higher.

The lawsuit claims Illinois bidding requirements prohibit giving greater weight
to one factor, a City Management spokesman said.

A Waste Management official characterized the lawsuit as sour grapes and
predicted it would fail.

Crain News Service

Senate OKs extension for 'wage record' system

A bill to extend the date by which Michigan must convert to a new system for
unemployment claims passed the state Senate unanimously last week and awaits
full House action. Senate Bill 619, sponsored by Robert Geake, R-Northville,
gives Michigan until Dec. 31, 2001, to have the new ''wage record'' system in
place. The state was supposed to complete the computer conversion by July 1.

Amy Lane

Grants available

Michigan's renaissance-zone communities can each apply for new state grants of
up to $50,000 to inventory land available for development. The communities in
Michigan's 11 tax-free zones can use the technical-assistance grants for
staffing, computers, land assembly or studies to determine each site's
infrastructure needs. The Michigan Renaissance Fund recently approved the grant
program, as well as $700,000 for the Michigan Jobs Commission to continue
marketing renaissance zones.

Crain News Service

Kmart buys stores

Troy-based Kmart Corp. has signed an agreement to buy 20 stores from Venture
Stores Inc. of O'Fallon, Mo.

Kmart officials said the deal is expected to close by July 31, and Kmart (NYSE:
KM) would take occupancy of the stores about 60 days after closing.

Of the stores, 10 are in Houston, five in Dallas, two in Indianapolis and one
each in Tulsa, Okla., and Des Moines and Waterloo, Iowa.

Kmart media relations director Mary Lorencz said most of the Venture stores
''are newer and larger than our existing stores,'' so it's possible that some
older Kmart stores in those markets may close and operations shift to the
Venture locations.

Matt Roush

Registration filed

Southfield's Credit Acceptance Corp. said Friday it had filed a registration
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to sell $300 million in
unsecured debt securities. Credit Acceptance (Nasdaq: CACC) said it would use
the proceeds to pay down bank debt.

Matt Roush

Buhl Building for sale

Equitable Real Estate Co. of Chicago has put the 27-story Buhl Building, at 535
Griswold, up for sale, real estate sources reported last week. Built in 1924,
the 375,000-square-foot building has been home to many prestigious law firms.
The Metropolitan Detroit Bar Association moved into the Buhl from the Penobscot
Building last year and into remodeled, expanded quarters there last March.

Robert Ankeny

Guardian wins lawsuit

Auburn Hills-based Guardian Industries Corp. has won a legal challenge to its
Solar Management Glass line.

Guardian rival PPG Industries accused Guardian of infringing on its patent for
solar green glass, but a Pittsburgh jury last week unanimously found that the
technology for Guardian's 4-year-old SMG product, which protects automotive
interiors from heat and infrared and ultraviolet rays, was developed
independently.

Joseph Serwach

LOAD-DATE: July 08, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 Crain Communications Inc.


                              622 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                           January 13, 2005 Thursday

Statehouse Briefs

BYLINE: Staff Report

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 378 words

DATELINE: BOSTON


Flu shots available

All remaining flu shots are now available to anyone seeking protection from the
flu this season, the state announced Wednesday.

The broadened guidelines, effective immediately, replace restrictions announced
last month. Based upon recent information on the current supply of vaccine, the
Department of Public Health has determined that the influenza vaccine should be
made more widely available.

For more information regarding flu vaccine and other information, call the
department's flu vaccine information line at 1-866-627-7968. For additional
steps you can take to protect yourself from the flu visit the Web site
www.mass.gov/dph/flu.

Recycling grants

BOSTON --The Department of Environmental Protection [DEP] announced today that
114 cities, towns and regional recycling groups will receive a total of more
than $583,000 in municipal recycling education and equipment grants to promote
waste reduction and recycling.

In addition, 11 municipalities that are hoping to implement "Pay-As-You-Throw"
solid waste management programs this year -- including Townsend -- have been
awarded funding, which would be used by the communities to help finance the
program start-up costs.

Also known as unit-based pricing, "Pay-as-You-Throw" is a system in which
residents pay for municipal solid waste management services based on how many
bags or barrels of trash they discard rather than through a fixed fee or
property tax. Recycling and composting collection are provided at no charge to
residents.

More than 100 communities in Massachusetts already have "Pay-As-You-Throw"
programs and on average, have recycling rates that are 13 percent higher than
those without it.

Townsend will receive $12,958 for its pay-as-you-throw program. Recycling
equipment grants awarded include assistance to 11 municipal multi-family, school
and business recycling programs; 53 curbside programs; 40 composting programs
and two public spaces recycling programs. Fifty-five municipalities will receive
educational outreach assistance with a customized recycling pamphlet or mailing
services.

The following communities received recycling grants: Ayer, $695; Fitchburg,
$3,030; Gardner, $840; and Leominster, $4,840.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.


                              623 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               November 18, 1996, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

PANEL WANTS COUNCIL TO DELAY WASTE-REDUCTION GRANTS; 'LACK OF POLICIES,
PROCEDURES' WORRIES CHAIRMAN

BYLINE: Phil Sutin Of The Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: ZONE WEST; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 352 words


The St. Louis County Council has been asked to delay appropriating $ 743,841 for
15 waste-reduction grants until the county Waste Management Commission can
discuss how the grants were awarded.

County health officials awarded the grants to area municipalities and some other
governmental and private organizations last month.

A bill to appropriate money for the grants was introduced in the County Council
on Thursday.

The money comes from a tipping fee waste haulers pay the county.

The request for a delay was made last week by Lee Fox, chairman of the
commission, in a letter to County Councilman Jerry Corcoran, D-St. Ann.

The fund receiving this money "has a balance in excess of $ 4 million and the
commission is gravely concerned about an apparent lack of clearly established
policies, procedures and oversight concerning these funds," Fox said in his
letter.

Fox said the commission planned to discuss the awarding of the grants Wednesday.

The commission serves as an appeals board on requests for landfill permits and
related matters. It can provide advice to county officials. It did not
participate in the decisions about which agencies would receive grants.

The tipping fee has been collected since 1992, but the county did not approve
grants of the money until last year after legal challenges to the fee were
settled.

Money from the tipping fee also can be used to finance grants for education
about recycling and the proper disposal of household hazardous waste,
development of markets for recycled materials and improvements in the
waste-hauling and landfill industries.

The tipping fee also finances the office of the solid-waste coordinator and
enforcement of ordinances dealing with waste hauling and landfills.

Among municipalities scheduled to receive grants were Brentwood, Clayton,
Chesterfield, Des Peres, Kirkwood, Maplewood, Town and Country, University City
and Webster Groves.

A grant would finance a recycling project in Lemay, and another would pay for
installing a recycled fence and a pathway made of recycled tires at the Wellston
MetroLink stop.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              624 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

DMA-MMC tussle affects waste collection in Margao

SECTION: GOA

LENGTH: 345 words


Margao: The tussle between the directorate of municipal administration (DMA) and
Margao municipal council (MMC) over funding of the waste management project has
dealt a blow to the ongoing door-to-door collection system.

MMC's solid waste management cell (SWMC) is up in arms and has stated that it is
unfair to delay the wages of the waste collectors on account of non-receipt of
grants from the government.

DMA director Elvis Gomes had recently stated that the MMC did not follow proper
procedure while requesting the release of Rs 64 lakh grants earmarked for
door-to-door waste collection in the town and thus the funds could not be
sanctioned. He added that he had directed the civic body to send their accounts
with the necessary corrections, which will enable the DMA to release the grants.

MMC is, however, sticking to its stand that it had been promised special grants
by the urban development department for the door-to-door waste collection and to
pay the daily wage workers. Gomes is member secretary of the urban development
department as well. Chief officer Narayan Sawant, however, stated that the MMC
did complete the process as required, while seeking the release of grants and
that they are awaiting the grants to pay the daily wage workers.

MMC's SWMC member Savio Coutinho criticized the MMC for discriminating against
the daily wage workers who have been toiling hard to put the waste management
system in place and warned that any such delays could derail the garbage
collection drive.

"Since the government has already announced funds to the council, without any
further delay, the workers should be paid their wages," said Coutinho, who is
also the former MMC chairperson. He pointed out that in the past, the grants for
salaries of the MMC staff has been delayed, but, there has been a case where the
staff was not paid before the month end.

"The council already has crores of funds allotted to the council which are not
utilized ,and the council is just accruing interest on these un-utilized funds,"
added Coutinho.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              625 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

DMA-MMC tussle affects waste collection in Margao

SECTION: GOA

LENGTH: 345 words


Margao: The tussle between the directorate of municipal administration (DMA) and
Margao municipal council (MMC) over funding of the waste management project has
dealt a blow to the ongoing door-to-door collection system.

MMC's solid waste management cell (SWMC) is up in arms and has stated that it is
unfair to delay the wages of the waste collectors on account of non-receipt of
grants from the government.

DMA director Elvis Gomes had recently stated that the MMC did not follow proper
procedure while requesting the release of Rs 64 lakh grants earmarked for
door-to-door waste collection in the town and thus the funds could not be
sanctioned. He added that he had directed the civic body to send their accounts
with the necessary corrections, which will enable the DMA to release the grants.

MMC is, however, sticking to its stand that it had been promised special grants
by the urban development department for the door-to-door waste collection and to
pay the daily wage workers. Gomes is member secretary of the urban development
department as well. Chief officer Narayan Sawant, however, stated that the MMC
did complete the process as required, while seeking the release of grants and
that they are awaiting the grants to pay the daily wage workers.

MMC's SWMC member Savio Coutinho criticized the MMC for discriminating against
the daily wage workers who have been toiling hard to put the waste management
system in place and warned that any such delays could derail the garbage
collection drive.

"Since the government has already announced funds to the council, without any
further delay, the workers should be paid their wages," said Coutinho, who is
also the former MMC chairperson. He pointed out that in the past, the grants for
salaries of the MMC staff has been delayed, but, there has been a case where the
staff was not paid before the month end.

"The council already has crores of funds allotted to the council which are not
utilized ,and the council is just accruing interest on these un-utilized funds,"
added Coutinho.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              626 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

DMA-MMC tussle affects waste collection in Margao

SECTION: GOA

LENGTH: 345 words


Margao: The tussle between the directorate of municipal administration (DMA) and
Margao municipal council (MMC) over funding of the waste management project has
dealt a blow to the ongoing door-to-door collection system.

MMC's solid waste management cell (SWMC) is up in arms and has stated that it is
unfair to delay the wages of the waste collectors on account of non-receipt of
grants from the government.

DMA director Elvis Gomes had recently stated that the MMC did not follow proper
procedure while requesting the release of Rs 64 lakh grants earmarked for
door-to-door waste collection in the town and thus the funds could not be
sanctioned. He added that he had directed the civic body to send their accounts
with the necessary corrections, which will enable the DMA to release the grants.

MMC is, however, sticking to its stand that it had been promised special grants
by the urban development department for the door-to-door waste collection and to
pay the daily wage workers. Gomes is member secretary of the urban development
department as well. Chief officer Narayan Sawant, however, stated that the MMC
did complete the process as required, while seeking the release of grants and
that they are awaiting the grants to pay the daily wage workers.

MMC's SWMC member Savio Coutinho criticized the MMC for discriminating against
the daily wage workers who have been toiling hard to put the waste management
system in place and warned that any such delays could derail the garbage
collection drive.

"Since the government has already announced funds to the council, without any
further delay, the workers should be paid their wages," said Coutinho, who is
also the former MMC chairperson. He pointed out that in the past, the grants for
salaries of the MMC staff has been delayed, but, there has been a case where the
staff was not paid before the month end.

"The council already has crores of funds allotted to the council which are not
utilized ,and the council is just accruing interest on these un-utilized funds,"
added Coutinho.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              627 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Waterloo Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 22, 2011 Thursday

Population drops hit county social services funding

BYLINE: Tim Jamison, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 416 words


Dec. 22--WATERLOO, Iowa -- Black Hawk County officials were forced to cut a
spending proposal for social service agencies based on a declining rural
population.

Members of the county Board of Supervisors had been asked Tuesday to approve
awarding about $175,000 in grants to 19 nonprofit organizations as recommended
last week by the county Solid Waste Funds Allocation Board. The revenue comes
from excess landfill profits the county and local communities receive each year
through the Solid Waste Management Commission.

But county officials learned the amount they will receive this year -- which is
distributed on a per capita basis -- had been cut to about $160,000 because the
population in the unincorporated area county-wide had fallen while urban
populations grew in the 2010 census. Previous disbursements were made using 2000
census data.

Board members agreed unanimously to balance the spending plan by eliminating
payments to four agencies which had not received funding through the program
last year: Angel House, $5,000; Community Partnership Apprentice Training,
$5,000; Together For Youth, $3,000; and Junior Achievement, $2,000.

"It's a shame we can't fund them but we have no control over what we receive,"
said Tom Little, chairman of the Board of Supervisors. "They're all good
organizations."

Little said it made more sense not to include new programs because it's likely
the county will only get half of the funding next year.

Members of the Solid Waste Management Commission have been giving away some $2
million in landfill profits county-wide for the past nine years. But commission
members, noting their reserve fund has dwindled, voted to cut the windfall
payments in half for each of the next two years and potential eliminate them
after that.

Organizations chosen to receive a portion of the county's funds this year
include: Northeast Iowa Food Bank, $45,000; Iowa Legal Services, $30,000;
Operation Threshold and St. Vincent de Paul, $12,500 each; Allen Community
Engagement, Community Housing Initiatives and Hawkeye Valley Area Agency on
Aging, $10,000 each; 4-H/FFA Fair, $7,000; Cedar Valley Friends of the Family,
Center for Independent Living, Family & Children's Council, and Lutheran
Services in Iowa, $5,000 each; Youth Sports Foundation, $2,765; and National
Alliance on Mental Illness, $1,000.

___ (c)2011 Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier (Waterloo, Iowa) Visit Waterloo-Cedar
Falls Courier (Waterloo, Iowa) at www.wcfcourier.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20111222-OO-HLT-Population-drops-hit-county-social-services-funding-1222-2011122
2

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2011 Waterloo Courier


                              628 of 995 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2013 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                                January 30, 2013

                              PPL Renewable Energy

                 The Plaza at PPL Center, 835 Hamiliton Street
                              Allentown,  PA 18101
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


PPL Renewable And Lancaster County Solid Waste Management Authority Receive $1.5
Million Grant For Turkey Hill Wind Power Project, U.S.

   8/10/2009 12:00:00 AM

   PPL Renewable Energy, a renewable energy company and Lancaster County Solid
Waste Management Authority, received $1.5 million grant for the construction of
Turkey Hill wind power project located in Manor Township, Lancaster County,
Pennsylvania, U.S. The grant was provided by Pennsylvania Energy Development
Authority (PEDA). The total project cost is estimated to be $8.25 million and
has an installed capacity of 3 MW.


PPL Renewable Energy And Moretown Landfill Form Partnership

   11/8/2007 12:00:00 AM

   PPL Renewable Energy, a renewable energy subsidiary of PPL Corporation,
formed a partnership with Moretown Landfill, a subsidiary of Highstar Waste
Holding Corp., to develop and install a 4.8-megawatt methane-to-electricity
power generation system. Under the agreement, Moretown Landfill will provide 2.4
million cubic feet of methane gas every day to power Caterpillar generators at
the 200-acre facility.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Investment Analysis             Company Overview
Events                                  Investments
Key Operational Employees               Key Employees
Key Facts                               Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2013


                              629 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   July 23, 1992, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

14 COMMUNITIES GIVEN DEADLINE FOR WASTE PLAN

BYLINE: Ralph Dummit Of the St. Charles Post

SECTION: ST. CHARLES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 443 words


A deadline of July 31 has been set for 14 cities in St. Charles, Warren,
Montgomery and Franklin counties to decide whether to take part in a regional
waste-management plan.  Cities that fail to meet the deadline will not be part
of a regional plan that must be completed by March 31 by the East Central Solid
Waste Management District.  Lincoln County and all its cities already have
agreed to be a part of a regional plan.  Failure to take part in the regional
effort could be costly, say spokesmen for the district.  David Oney Jr.,
chairman of the district's executive council, said non-joiners will need their
own plan acceptable to the state. He said cities that decide to handle their own
solid waste ''definitely will get no planning money from the state and possibly
no grant money for projects such as recycling.'' Bob Hoepfner, secretary of the
district's executive board, said loss of planning funds alone could cost a city
as much as $500,000.  State law now requires that the flow of trash into
landfills be cut by 40 percent by 1998. The law bans the dumping of large
appliances, batteries and tires into landfills. Effective at the beginning of
this year, the dumping of yard wastes into landfills became unlawful.  The new
laws set up regions across the state to tackle solid waste.  Receiving letters
notifying them of the district's deadline for a commitment to cooperate in a
regional plan were Cottleville, Dardenne Prairie, Portage des Sioux, St.
Charles, St. Paul, St. Peters, Weldon Spring and Wentzville in St. Charles
County, Gerald, New Haven, Sullivan and Washington in Franklin County, Wright
City in Warren County and Wellsville in Montgomery County. The letter told the
cities' mayors that the district had tried for seven months ''to encourage your
participation in solving the solid-waste dilemma facing all of us today.''
Frustrated by so little response, the executive board set the deadline for July
31, Oney said.  St. Peters and Washington have sent the district qualified
responses, ''and I can understand where they're coming from,'' Oney said. He
acknowledged that St. Peters had been involved with solid-waste management
before the district was formed.  Nevertheless, he said, the executive board
wants the two cities ''to change their stance'' with a more specific commitment
to cooperate.  Last week, the St. Charles County Commission signed an agreement
to take part with St. Peters in a plan to develop a trash-sorting operation in
St.  Peters. Commissioner Paul O. Schnare said he considered that agree ment to
be evidence that St. Peters would cooperate with a regional plan for waste
management.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              630 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                          February 16, 2002, Saturday

WasteMgt climb in profit pauses

SECTION: BUSINESS Pg. 24; BUSINESS

LENGTH: 659 words


Full-year summary

Waste Management NZ audited preliminary result for the 12 months ended December
31.

..........................................2001.............. 2000............
Chge

..........................................$ 000.............. $
000............... %

Revenue.................. 154,388......... 137,253....... +12.5

Pre-tax profit.............. 21,127........... 22,791............- 7.3

Tax................................. 8,647.............. 9,193

A/tax profit................. 12,480............ 13,598.............- 8

Equity Erngs................... 599.................. 732

Profit............................ 13,079............. 14,330............- 8.7

Cash flow:

Operations................. 37,437............ 34,160.......... +9

Investments.............. (46,577).......... (20,810)

Financing....................... 7,634 ............(14,749)

...........................................(1,506)............. (1,399)

Problems in its crucial Auckland market have stopped Waste Management NZ
achieving a 14th straight increase in annual profit.

The after tax profit for the year ended December 31 was $ 13 million, down
nearly 9% on the $ 14.3m achieved a year earlier.

In Auckland, discount pricing and periods of free service offered by a new
Australian-owned competitor reduced WMNZ's market share and margins in
collection services. This was compounded by the loss of three Auckland City
Council contracts for collection work.

Finance director Grant Tietjens said the new business now appeared at the
consolidation stage, but the impact on pricing meant the recovery would take
years rather than months.

With the Auckland collection business making up about 40% of the group's
activities, these factors could not be offset by improved trading at the group's
other businesses throughout New Zealand.

Despite this, operating cash flow rose to $ 37.4m from $ 34.1m, with cash from
customers rising 10% to $ 152m and payments to suppliers and staff rising 14% to
$ 105m.

The result included a contribution from new Australian investments. These
businesses, in Melbourne and Brisbane provided Ebit of $ 1.65m from sales of $
15.7m, an operating margin of 10.5%. WMNZ chairman Alton Jamieson said this
result was encouraging, and the businesses had good growth prospects.

New Zealand Ebit was $ 23.4m from sales of $ 138.6m, for operating margins of
16.8%.

During the year, WMNZ secured a 15-year contract for waste collection and
disposal for the Hamilton City Council.

It is also a partner in the Canterbury regional landfill project, where the
consents and appeals process is expected to take another three years.

WMNZ said on Thursday that it had sold carbon credits from its production of
electricity from waste gases, mainly methane, at its Redvale and Whitford
landfill sites in Auckland.

This is an environmental issue linked with the Kyoto Protocol. "Kyoto has not
been signed and the trading principals are not established, but someone made an
offer to us," Mr Tietjens said. "The dollars are not significant but it's
interesting for us."

Each site is producing 2 megawatts of electricity, enough to power the
equivalent of 3000 homes, with 90% sold to Mighty River Power. Eventually they
will have a total of 16 generators up from four now.

Earnings a share for the year were 13.3c, down from 14.7c. The final dividend,
paid on March 22, will be 5c a share, taking the total to 7.5c, the same as last
year.

With full tax credits, the total benefit is 11.1937c a share, for a gross yield
of 3.5% at yesterday's share price of 317c.

At balance date the net tangible asset backing was 70.2c a share, up from 66.2c.
The ratio of debt to debt plus equity was 39%, with the ratio of borrowings
alone being 23.5%.

The build up to the America's Cup yachting later this year is expected to
provide more work for the group.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2002 Fairfax New Zealand


                              631 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            March 5, 2014 Wednesday

Eco-School Demonstration Project to Establish an Environmentally Sustainable
School Campus

LENGTH: 224  words


Project Number:  BHA/SGP/OP5/CORE/CC/2013/15
Country: Bahamas
Area Of Work: Climate Change Mitigation
Operational Phase: Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 47,500.00
Co-Financing Cash: US$ 2,200.00
Start Date: 5/2013
End Date: 4/2014
Status: Currently under execution
Project Description:


The project aims to reduce the environmental footprint of St. Andrew%s School by
reducing the amount of eletricity and water consumed, as well as the amount of
solid waste generated by the school annually. Further the project will expand
awareness among the local community about renewable energy and solid waste
management practices by demonstrating the implementation of solar panels and
composting techniques.
Grantee: ST. Andrews School
Project completion date : 2014-04-30 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : East Bay Street
Nassau, New Providence,
P.O. Box N4308
Attn:  Mr. Deon Stewart

Country :Bahamas
Financier : Global Environment Facility (GEF),
United Nations Development Programme (UNDP),

Financier address : United Nations Development Programme
One United Nations Plaza
New York, NY 10017
Tel: +1 (212) 906-5000
Call: +1 (212) 963-1234

Contacts : GEF Secretariat
1818 H Street, NW, Mail Stop P4-400
Washington, DC 20433 USA
Tel: (202) 473-0508
Fax: (202) 522-3240/3245
Email: secretariat@thegef.org
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              632 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                          September 8, 2010 Wednesday
                                  All Editions

Stimulus funds at work

SECTION: Pg. A4

LENGTH: 267 words


Regarding Lawrence Lockman's diatribe "Verdict on the stimulus" (BDN, Sept.
4-5), here are some actual facts. Unlike Mr. Lockman's unsubstantiated numbers,
you can check mine for yourselves. The source is ProPublica: Journalism in the
public interest (projects.propublica.org). ProPublica publishes "Recovery
Tracker" where you can see who got how much and for what.

Here are some recent data for Waldo County. You decide how much has been wasted.

As of June, Waldo County has received $19,652,468 from federal agencies and
departments. This does not include Medicaid, unemployment benefits or food stamp
payments within the county. Eighty-seven payments were made with 46 being grants
and 41 being loans.

Perhaps Mr. Lockman would like to ask the loan recipients at Wellman Paving Inc.
or Wet Effects Inc. or DM&J Waste Management Inc. or Blake Veterinary Hospital
just how they wasted their loans.

Who are some of Lockman's unworthy grant recipients? School districts: RSU 20,
SAD 3, MSU 69. Local governments: Belfast, Searsport, Pittsfield, Waldo County.
Local utilities: Belfast Water District, Winterport Sewage District, Winterport
Water District. Local businesses: Sprague Energy Corp., Irving Oil Terminals
Inc., Rollie's.

Can anyone really believe that all these entities squandered your tax dollars on
frivolous things like port security upgrades and teachers' salaries? Not one job
saved or created?

Finally, during the worst depression since the 1930s, is it really wasteful to
provide unemployment benefits to those who have lost their jobs or to help
people put food on the table?

Bill Sneed

Prospect

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Bangor Daily News


                              633 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              December 15, 2003 Monday Five Star Late Lift Edition

FERGUSON HEARS PLEA TO STEP UP RECYCLING EFFORTS/ OFFICIAL FOR HAULER NOTES
CLOSING OF LANDFILLS, FEE HIKES BY OTHERS

BYLINE: Benjamin Israel/ Special To The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NORTH POST; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 523 words


Ferguson needs to step up the efforts to persuade residents to recycle, a
representative of Midwest Waste has told the City Council.

Tony Lamantia, municipal account representative for Midwest Waste, the
contractor that picks up Ferguson's residential trash, spoke at the council's
meeting last week. He noted that area landfills were closing and those that
remained were increasing their tipping fees, while Illinois had increased its
tax on landfills.

"To keep your costs down for trash, you must recycle," Lamantia said.

Councilman Bill Duncan, 1st Ward, agreed. "We need to have a campaign for more
and more recycling," Duncan said. "Our fees are going to go up if we don't
recycle."

But Duncan noted that some people were not convinced that recycling did any good
and worried that trash haulers took plastic and paper from recycling bins to the
landfills. Councilman Tom Wolf, 2nd Ward, asked Lamantia what happened when the
price of plastic fell and no one wanted to buy it from the recycler. Lamantia
said the recycler held it until the price rose. Also, he noted that "if I take
it to the landfill, I pay a tipping fee. If I take it to the recyclery, I don't
pay a fee."

In the first 11 months of this year, Ferguson residents put out 143 tons of
material for recyclers while sending 7,029 tons of solid waste to a landfill in
Illinois.

David Berger, executive director of the St. Louis-Jefferson Solid Waste
Management District, said in an interview that Ferguson's recycling rate was
among the worst in the area. Berger noted that municipalities such as Webster
Groves, Fenton and Glendale recycled nearly 25 percent of their solid waste.
Ferguson recycles less than 2 percent.

The council has unanimously voted to apply for a grant from the St.
Louis-Jefferson Solid Waste Management District to buy 90-gallon trash cans and
to initiate a program in schools to encourage children and through them their
parents to recycle. The council discussed limiting residents to what they could
fit into one 90-gallon container at each pickup or to cut collections down to
once a week from two. Lamantia said he lived in O'Fallon, Mo., where he was
limited to what he could fit into a 65-gallon container. He said that when the
limits started, everyone complained.

City Manager A. J. Krieger said he expected Ferguson would have to find a way to
reduce how much refuse it sent to the landfill. "It's reasonable to assume that
the market is going to dictate some changes," he said.

In other business, the council voted unanimously to approve changes in its
zoning code to allow more than three unrelated people to legally live together
in a home in any residential zoning classification. The old ordinance said that
all but the R-1B residential zoning classification allowed what the code called
"group quarters": fraternities, sororities, monasteries, homes for the aged and
convents. Anyone who wants to have group quarters still would need approval from
the council for a permit to move in. The council approved the change after a
Catholic convent asked for it so it could move into the 1400 block of Alicia
Avenue.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2003 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              634 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                             June 19, 2008 Thursday
                                  Mars Edition

Wyatt residents briefed on sewer plan

BYLINE: NANCY J. SULOK, Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 427 words


WYATT - Kenneth Jones is optimistic that federal money will come through to help
pay for a sewer system in the unincorporated town of Wyatt.

Jones is president of Wightman Petrie consulting engineers and land surveyors.
He addressed more than 50 town residents Wednesday night to update them on plans
to alleviate their sewage problems.

Edwin Buswell of the Kankakee-Iroquois Regional Planning Commission also spoke
to the gathering in the Madison Township Fire Station. He talked about the money
that might be available.

Jones said applications are being prepared for a $500,000 community development
block grant, as well as $851,600 in rural development grants and loans through
the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Buswell said the state has between $24 million and $26 million to hand out in
CDBG money. The award announcements will be made in mid-November, he said.

Wyatt should qualify, Jones said, because of the number of low-to-moderate
income households in the town.

The high turnout Wednesday will help demonstrate the town's support for the
project, he said. He and Buswell also encouraged town residents to write letters
of support for it.

Buswell said the letters either can describe problems residents have had with
their wells, or they can simply express support for the project and tell why the
town needs it.

Wyatt is among dozens of Indiana communities that empty their sewage into rivers
and streams. Marc Nelson, environmental manager for the county Health
Department, said the practice has been illegal since 1977. Federal and state
agencies are starting to crack down on communities that continue to do so, he
said.

The grants would pay the cost of providing a low-pressure sewer system large
enough to serve not only the 84 homes in the town, but also a significant future
growth in population, Jones said.

Jones said Waste Management Inc., which operates the nearby Prairie View
Landfill, is building and paying for a waste treatment plant that will serve
both the landfill and the town. The company will pay $1.3 million for the plant,
which it will turn over to the county's Regional Water and Sewer District.

Homeowners will bear some costs. They will have to pay an estimated $900 to
$1,200 to hook up to the sewer system, as well as $300 to $400 to drain and fill
in their septic tanks. Jones said low-income residents might be eligible for a
grant program to help with those costs.

Once they are hooked up, they will pay between $53 and $65 a month for the sewer
service.

Staff writer Nancy J. Sulok: nsulok@sbtinfo.com (574) 235-6234

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              635 of 995 DOCUMENTS



           Hart County's Newspaper News-Herald (Horse Cave, Kentucky)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 12, 2015

Horse Cave Police receive salary raise

BYLINE: Hart Countys News-Herald staff

LENGTH: 822  words


Police on the Horse Cave Department will be getting a $2 raise in salary
following Monday's City Council meeting. The Council voted unanimously to give
the raise following a motion by Council Member Jackie Buckingham and a second by
Perry Martin.

In discussion following the motion, Police Chief Sean Henry said the raise was
necessary to match the pay of area police officers and to recruit two more
officers for the department. Horse Cave has two police officers, L. D. Martin
and James Roberts, along with Chief Henry. Martin and Roberts will now make
approximately $ 13 an hour.

New flooring

In other business, the Council agreed to spend approximately $3,000 to take up
the carpet in the council room side of City Hall and put down laminate flooring.
The project will also include new linoleum for the rest rooms. Mayor Randall
Curry told the Council because drains under the carpet were not closed, the room
tends to smell at times. The drains were part of the building when it was a fire
house. Mayor Curry said the drains will be sealed prior to putting down the new
floor.

Audit reviewed

Cindy Greer, CPA with Campbell, Myers and Rutledge, PLLC provided the Council
with copies of the audit for the year ended June 30, 2014. Highlights of the
audit included assets of $6,535,172, exceeding liabilities of $1,653,545 by
$4,881,627.Fund balances, a measure of current financial resources, increased in
the governmental funds by $145, 802 to a June 30, 2014 balance of $399,538.

Under Financial Statements Findings it was noted that debit card purchases for
personal use were made and management did not find this occurrence until months
later. It was recommended that management review monthly bank reconciliations on
a monthly basis and management's response was that this would be done.

Mayor Curry said the city was paid in full for the personal card purchases and
the individual who made the purchases no longer was employed by the city.

Mayor Curry asked the Council members to look over the audit for action on it at
the next meeting.

Solid Waste

Larry Jewell, the city's representative on the 109 Solid Waste Board, spoke to
the Council concerning the Solid Waste service. He said the service had 5,700
customers and a $2 million budget with $1.4 million in grants.

He pointed out that garbage collection was mandatory in Horse Cave and Hart Co,.
Solid Waste had an exclusive right to service here. He emphasized the importance
of Horse Cave to the Solid Waste operation.

Jewell said the next Large Item Drop-off would take place in Horse

Cave on April 10 and 11 and a Tire Amnesty will be held June 25 to 27 in the
county. He also mentioned several free services Solid Waste provides including
the Green River clean-up, the recycling trailers, two in Horse Cave, the litter
clean-ups, and the illegal dump clean-ups. He said the service had disposed of
505 tons of yard waste in the last three years and removed debris from three
houses at no cost to the city. Financial report City. Clerk Ann Matera told the
Council the Municipal Road Aid work had been paid for and there will be a budget
amendment to consider at the next Council meeting.

Fire report

Fire Chief Donnie Parker provided the Council with a report of activities for
February. They included 24 medical runs, two structure fires, four motor vehicle
accidents, three other departments assisted, one landing zone detail, one grass
fire, two service calls, six weather related incidents and three false alarms.

Parker pointed out that the Council might want to consider a wood burning stove
ordinance in light of a recent incident where wood was being burned in a stove
which he considered a safety hazard.

Maintenance report

Maintenance Supervisor Jimmy Martin said his crew had opened five graves in the
last month and had spent much of its time with snow activities. He said the crew
made 168 runs getting people out of snow and getting people to sources of food.
The department also used 20 tons of salt.

Police report

Police Chief Henry gave the police report which included seven speeding
violations, three suspended operators licenses, four assaults, six warrant
served, 21 drug arrests, nine DUI's, 12 non-injury accidents, two injury
accidents, six alarms, 14 escorts, four criminal summonses served, seven
miscellaneous charges, 26 case reports taken, 29 assists of other departments,
23 cases opened and 64 welfare checks.

He reported that the Horse Cave Police Department developed an Emergency Action
Plan during the ice storm and served 364 emergency workers and "cold hungry"
Horse Cave residents with food at the old fire house.

Homeland Security grants received in 2014 amounted to $22,712.00.

Code enforcement

Code enforcement officer Ken Russell gave a report to the Council which included
complaints of inoperative vehicles, rubbish, high grass, overgrown trees,
shrubs, bushes, abandoned house, unpaid occupation license, excess trash, roof
in need of replacement.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HCN

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
               Copyright 2015 Hart County's Newspaper News-Herald


                              636 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           The Ironton Tribune, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 6, 2012 Thursday

Solid waste claims it's hamstrung without cars

BYLINE: Benita Heath, The Ironton Tribune, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 711 words


Dec. 06--On Monday there were four calls to Lawrence-Scioto Solid Waste
Management District about possible dump sites in Chesapeake, Coal Grove and
Ironton.

Checking out those sites, tracking down who caused them and taking those
individuals to court is part of what the two-county district does.

But not this week. That's because they can't use the four cars, two trailers and
litter van they typically use to do that work. Now the question is who owns
those vehicles: the solid waste district or the agency that for more than a
decade operated the district.

Right now that agency, the Ironton-Lawrence County Community Action
Organization, has the titles to all those vehicles and as of Nov. 30 dropped the
insurance coverage it had on them.

"We can't operate the program," Dan Palmer, director of the district, said. "It
has hampered the solid waste district from doing our program. None of these
calls have been investigated. The vehicles are parked. (The litter control
operator) has received calls on open dumping to pick up in Chesapeake,
Proctorville and Ellisonville. We are unable to clean."

Without the titles to the vehicles the district can't insure them itself.

But D.R. Gossett, the director of the CAO, calls those vehicles unrestricted
assets and says they belong to his agency, not the solid waste district. Keeping
them was a decision, he said, that was made by the CAO board at its Nov. 20
meeting.

On Nov. 12 the solid waste district broke ties with the CAO that had managed the
district since the late 1990s after it had run into problems with the state
Environmental Protection Agency. Neither Lawrence nor Scioto had a program that
met EPA regulations.

The Ohio EPA was starting to create a program when the CAO stepped in with a
proposal to the Lawrence and Scioto county commissioners to take over management
of the district.

In 2001 the district put on a $12 a year parcel fee on the taxes of each
property owner in both counties. That money makes up the majority of the
district's budget.

This year that revenue came in at $640,919. The district also receives grants
that go to fund various clean-up and educational programs.

When the district's board, made up of the commissioners from both counties,
voted to sever ties with the CAO, the district became an independent agency.
Scioto County manages the money now and the district's headquarters is in
Ironton.

The district's five employees are now Scioto County employees with county
benefits and state retirement. The yearly contract between the district and the
CAO was $385,000 out of which the CAO was paid an administrative fee of $8,000
to do payroll and books and an indirect fee of $9,000 to $10,000 for oversight,
according to Gossett.

It was out of that $385,000 that the vehicles were purchased.

Gossett calls the cars, trailers and van unrestricted assets and said the
current situation was a result of miscommunication and misperception.

"Those vehicles were bought by the CAO, not by the county," Gossett said. "When
we designated (employees) for solid waste, they were CAO employees and the same
thing for the assets. They were CAO assets. They paid us for the services to
administer the solid waste. All of those dollars were unrestricted dollars.

"It is a fair statement we basically bought those with the money the county had
given us. But the county gave us that money for performance with no strings
attached. They were happy with the performance, including taking the risk of
buying assets and employing individuals."

Gossett likened the arrangement the solid waste district had with the CAO to any
contract an outside agency would have with a government entity.

"If you have a contract with the city or county, you have to have equipment to
perform," he said. "When the government no longer employs you, they can't take
the assets used to perform the contract."

Right now all vehicles have been parked at undisclosed locations by solid waste
employees, where Palmer says they will remain for the time being.

"It is very frustrating and upsetting," Palmer said. "I am not turning (the
vehicles) over and I am seeking legal advice."

___ (c)2012 The Ironton Tribune (Ironton, Ohio) Visit The Ironton Tribune
(Ironton, Ohio) at www.irontontribune.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121206-1IR-Solid-waste
-claims-it-s-hamstrung-without-cars-1206-20121206

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1IR


                    Copyright 2012 The Ironton Tribune, Ohio


                              637 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 May 11, 1995, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

RESERVATION NEEDED FOR LAST PICKUP OF HAZARDOUS WASTE

BYLINE: Phil Sutin Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: ZONE WEST; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 458 words


St. Louis residents on June 10 will have their last chance this year to get rid
of their household hazardous waste safely.

The refuse division is taking reservations from people wanting to dispose of
this material. Residents can make reservations by calling 353-8877.

The collection will be from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. The division will assign a time for
dropping off the material and send a confirmation packet to residents. The
packet will give residents the location of the drop-off site and a brochure on
reducing household hazard waste in their homes. The division has not selected a
site for the collection, said Linda Horn, the city's recycling manager.

"Leftover chemicals in the home can be a potential health and safety risk," Horn
warned.

At the collection, the city will accept such items as paints, pesticides,
solvents, tires, used automobile batteries and used motor oil, she said.

The city expects motorists in 1,500 vehicles to drop off materials. It is giving
residents drop off times to avoid traffic jams, she said. Past collections had
jams in the morning and little activity in the afternoon, she said. The division
will try to give residents their preference of a morning or afternoon time, she
said.

The city received a $ 90,000 grant from the St. Louis-Jefferson Solid Waste
District for the collection. But it hopes to spend only slightly more than $
60,000 on the project, she said.

The city is paying Chemical Waste Management $ 56,000 to receive, remove,
recycle or dispose of the material that will be collected, Horn said. The city
will incur the remaining cost, which mainly involves workers to direct traffic,
she said.

Chemical Waste, a national company, was the lowest of five bidders, she said. A
sixth company was disqualified because its bid was incomplete, she said.

The city will return to the solid waste district any money not spent on the
collection, she said.

The district turned down a request for a grant for a household hazardous waste
collection next year, she said. The city is applying to the state for such a
grant.

Money for either grant comes from fees trash haulers pay when dumping material
at landfills.

The city brochure includes information on substitutes for hazardous products,
Horn said.

The city received recipes for substitutes from the Household Hazardous Waste
Project of Springfield, Mo., Horn said.

The project, she said, offers a comprehensive guidebook to hazardous waste
products and ways to deal with them. The project also provides free guide
sheets. The guidebook costs $ 10.59, she said.

People interested in obtaining the book or sheets can call the project at
417-889-5000, send an e-mail to househol, Suite 214, Springfield, Mo. 65807.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              638 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                   Azer News

                             May 8, 2013 Wednesday

World Bank may allocate additional funding on waste project in Azerbaijan

BYLINE:   Nigar Orujova

LENGTH: 582  words


The World Bank (WB) and the Azerbaijani government began official negotiations
on additional funding for an Integrated Solid Waste Management Project.

The Solid Waste Management Project was approved by the WB's Board of Directors
in June 2008. A relevant loan agreement between the bank and Azerbaijan was
signed on May 20, 2009. The total project cost is $41.5 million of which $29.5
million falls to the WB's 20-year loan and the rest is funded by the government
of Azerbaijan.

The WB Baku office reported that the bank plans to allocate $47.1 million of the
credit resources of the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development
(part of the WB) as additional funding, while the share belonging to the
government will be about $8 million.

Negotiations will be completed by the end of this week. A protocol will be
signed following the talks and will be presented to the WB Board of Directors.
The loan is to be approved by the WB Board of Directors on May 30.

Bulk part of the additional funding will be allocated for the reconstruction of
a solid waste landfill in Balakhani (component B), reimbursement of the
additional costs for project management (component A), as well as work on
technical preparations for future investments in this sector (component E).

The project closes on September 30, 2013, but in order to complete work using
the additional financing, a three-year extension of the project until September
30, 2016 is required.

The project covers the following areas: institutional reforms, capacity
development and administration, the regulation and management of Balakhani solid
waste landfill, as well as the closing and management of some other junk yards,
purchase of equipment for solid waste collection and preparation of an
investment plan for the period after the completion of the project.

The project is aimed to support reforms conducted for systematic and continuous
organization of the solid municipal waste collection and utilization.

According to research conducted by the WB and Economic Development Ministry, the
annual solid waste volume in Baku is 350 kilograms per capita.

The Azerbaijani capital is home to about one-fourth of the country's total
population of nine million, and landfills cannot receive solid waste of the
growing population forever. Moreover, the growing city cannot afford wasting
such large territories to collect garbage, which would be dangerous for nearby
residents.

To escape the waste problem the Solid Waste Sorting Plant and Baku Solid Waste
Incineration Plant were launched in Azerbaijan in December 2012.

The plant is expected to develop recycling business in the country and will
annually receive about 200,000 tons of solid waste, including glass, plastic,
paper and colored metal. Residue from the process will be an inert clinker,
which could be used as a construction material.

The incinerator will be an alternative source of energy production. It will be
able to produce 231.5 million kilowatts per year, which is enough to provide
50,000 households with electricity.

Since establishing cooperation with Azerbaijan in 1992, the World Bank has
financed 56 projects in various sectors of the economy for a total of $3.4
billion in loans and grants of the International Development Association (IDA)
and the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD). During
this period, the WB has allocated $42 million to Azerbaijan for the development
of projects and feasibility studies and the organization of training.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 Azer News Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              639 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                   Azer News

                             May 8, 2013 Wednesday

World Bank may allocate additional funding on waste project in Azerbaijan

BYLINE:   Nigar Orujova

LENGTH: 582  words


The World Bank (WB) and the Azerbaijani government began official negotiations
on additional funding for an Integrated Solid Waste Management Project.

The Solid Waste Management Project was approved by the WB's Board of Directors
in June 2008. A relevant loan agreement between the bank and Azerbaijan was
signed on May 20, 2009. The total project cost is $41.5 million of which $29.5
million falls to the WB's 20-year loan and the rest is funded by the government
of Azerbaijan.

The WB Baku office reported that the bank plans to allocate $47.1 million of the
credit resources of the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development
(part of the WB) as additional funding, while the share belonging to the
government will be about $8 million.

Negotiations will be completed by the end of this week. A protocol will be
signed following the talks and will be presented to the WB Board of Directors.
The loan is to be approved by the WB Board of Directors on May 30.

Bulk part of the additional funding will be allocated for the reconstruction of
a solid waste landfill in Balakhani (component B), reimbursement of the
additional costs for project management (component A), as well as work on
technical preparations for future investments in this sector (component E).

The project closes on September 30, 2013, but in order to complete work using
the additional financing, a three-year extension of the project until September
30, 2016 is required.

The project covers the following areas: institutional reforms, capacity
development and administration, the regulation and management of Balakhani solid
waste landfill, as well as the closing and management of some other junk yards,
purchase of equipment for solid waste collection and preparation of an
investment plan for the period after the completion of the project.

The project is aimed to support reforms conducted for systematic and continuous
organization of the solid municipal waste collection and utilization.

According to research conducted by the WB and Economic Development Ministry, the
annual solid waste volume in Baku is 350 kilograms per capita.

The Azerbaijani capital is home to about one-fourth of the country's total
population of nine million, and landfills cannot receive solid waste of the
growing population forever. Moreover, the growing city cannot afford wasting
such large territories to collect garbage, which would be dangerous for nearby
residents.

To escape the waste problem the Solid Waste Sorting Plant and Baku Solid Waste
Incineration Plant were launched in Azerbaijan in December 2012.

The plant is expected to develop recycling business in the country and will
annually receive about 200,000 tons of solid waste, including glass, plastic,
paper and colored metal. Residue from the process will be an inert clinker,
which could be used as a construction material.

The incinerator will be an alternative source of energy production. It will be
able to produce 231.5 million kilowatts per year, which is enough to provide
50,000 households with electricity.

Since establishing cooperation with Azerbaijan in 1992, the World Bank has
financed 56 projects in various sectors of the economy for a total of $3.4
billion in loans and grants of the International Development Association (IDA)
and the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD). During
this period, the WB has allocated $42 million to Azerbaijan for the development
of projects and feasibility studies and the organization of training.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 Azer News Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              640 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          Richmond Register (Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 19, 2011 Sunday

City, county awarded funds for recycling, disposal programs

BYLINE: Ronica Shannon, Richmond Register, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 505 words


June 19--RICHMOND -- Both the City of Richmond and the Madison Fiscal Court were
awarded grant funding this week by Gov. Steve Beshear to help with recycling and
other "green" efforts.

The money is from the Kentucky Pride Fund, which is administered by the Energy
and Environment Cabinet's Division of Waste Management.

The Madison Fiscal Court received $8,500 and the City of Richmond/Madison County
Recycling Center was given $13,000.

The $8,500 received by the fiscal court will be used to host the annual
Household Hazardous Waste Collection event, according to Scott Tussey, Madison
County's solid waste coordinator.

The event gives residents a chance to rid their homes of dangerous materials
including those containing mercury and lead. Electronic scraps also are
accepted.

A date for this year's event has not yet been set, Tussey said.

The money awarded to the city and the county's recycling center will be used for
several items needed to help the flow of recycling and help educate the
community.

"The $10,000 is going for a new can separator," said Carolyn Jennings of the
Madison County Recycling Center. "It separates the aluminum from the steel on
the conveyer belt. We have an older model now. We've had the one that we're
using now since 1995. It's time for a new one."

The remaining $3,000 will be spent on educational programs, including
advertising, brochures and flyers, along with pencils and coloring books for
Madison County schools, she said.

The state awarded 73 grants totaling $3,500,781. The Kentucky Pride Fund is paid
for with the $1.75 fee for each ton of municipal solid waste disposed of in
Kentucky landfills.

"Recycling and managing household hazardous waste play a large part in
Kentucky's efforts to go green and conserve energy statewide," Beshear said.
"The household hazardous waste grants allow homeowners to safely dispose of
chemical and other materials that pose a threat to human health and the
environment."

The grants require a 25-percent local match in the form of cash or "in kind"
personnel, educational materials, educational activities and advertising to
promote the program from the cities or counties receiving the awards.

"Kentucky's growing interest in recycling is evident from the addition of 20
first-time recycling grant applicants," said Energy and Environment Cabinet
Secretary Len Peters. "The Kentucky Pride Fund program is increasing the
infrastructure that allows more Kentuckians to participate in the recycling,
waste reduction and reuse of materials we have found on hand, thereby reducing
our need for virgin materials and lessening our carbon footprint."

Ronica Shannon can be reached at rshannon@

richmondregister.com or 624-6608.

To see more of the Richmond Register or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.richmondregister.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Richmond Register, Ky.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110619-RP-City-county-awarded-funds-for-recycling-disposal-programs-0619-20110
619

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RP


                        Copyright 2011 Richmond Register


                              641 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 22, 2013 Friday

Oregon: DEQ Fines Two Grants Pass Companies Total of $5,887 over Illegal Burning
and Disposal of Demolition Debris in Grants Pass

LENGTH: 502  words

DATELINE: Salem


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Oregon has issued the
following news release:

The Oregon Department of Environmental Quality has penalized two Grants Pass
companies a total of $5,887 over the illegal burning and disposal of demolition
debris from a mobile home in Grants Pass in January 2012.

DEQ issued a total of $5,012 in penalties to Moser Paving Inc. and an $875
penalty to Triangle M Enterprises Inc., of Grants Pass. The companies operate
under the same president, C.J. Moser III, and are headquartered at 650 Redwood
Highway, Grants Pass. The penalties stem from the open burning and improper
disposal of waste resulting from demolition of the mobile home. The home was
demolished at 9114 Applegate Road North, Grants Pass, and its debris transported
to and burned on property owned by Triangle M Enterprises at 200 Waters Creek
Road in Grants Pass.

DEQ issued penalties to Moser Paving for several violations:

·         Open burning of prohibited materials ($4,137 penalty). During an
inspection of the disposal site on Jan. 24, 2012, DEQ observed Moser Paving
employees burning fiberglass, treated and pressurized wood, sheetrock, metal,
plastic, asphalt roofing, numerous bags of garbage and carpet/vinyl material.
Such materials when burned add to air pollution problems and can create
emissions that are harmful to human health and the environment.

·         Disposing of solid waste at a property not permitted for solid waste
disposal ($875 penalty). During DEQ's site inspection, a driver for Moser Paving
arrived at the site with a dump truck of additional prohibited materials from
another site, saying he was instructed to add these materials to the burn pile.
Oregon law prohibits disposing or authorizing the disposal of solid waste at any
property that is not a solid waste disposal site permitted by DEQ.

·         Allowing open burning of debris removed from the property of origin
without a letter permitting such removal, as required (DEQ did not issue a
penalty for this violation).

DEQ's $875 penalty to Triangle M Enterprises was for operating or maintaining a
disposal site without first obtaining a solid waste disposal site permit from
DEQ. The company had allowed more than 20 cubic yards of discarded materials
from the mobile home demolition to accumulate at the 200 Waters Creek Road site
rather than taking action to have the material properly disposed of at a
permitted solid waste disposal facility. Illegal dumps can pose an environmental
and health threat by creating a habitat for disease-carrying insects and
rodents, as well polluting ground and surface water.

In assessing the penalties, DEQ noted that the companies have been the subject
of numerous complaints of illegal open burning and solid waste disposal in
Oregon, and that DEQ solid waste staff had been in conversation with the
companies' president, C.J. Moser III, informing him of state rules on open
burning and solid waste disposal.

For further information please visit: http://www.deq.state.or.us/

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              642 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 19, 2015 Thursday

World Bank Continues Investing in Better Public Services for Tajikistan's
Population

LENGTH: 607  words

DATELINE: Washington


World Bank has issued the following news release:

The World Bank Group's Board of Executive Directors today approved a grant of
US$13.50 million to finance the Tajikistan Communal Services Development Fund
Project aimed at improved delivery of basic municipal services for the
population. The project builds on previous World Bank financed investments and
reforms in municipal sector, which have already benefited over one million
residents of Dushanbe and secondary towns.

"Secondary towns in Tajikistan have large municipal infrastructure needs, with
80 percent of infrastructure requiring rehabilitation," said Patricia-Veevers
Carter, World Bank Country Manager in Tajikistan. "The new project will benefit
the population of these towns, including the poor, by providing improved water,
on-site sanitation and solid waste management services as well as street
lighting and roads. Furthermore, given the large funding needs, the project will
set up a Communal Services Development Fund, which will pool national and donor
resources to support a sustained investment program in the municipal sector."

The Communal Services Development Fund Project will support municipal and
communal infrastructure improvements, as well as enhance the capacity of local
governments and service providers for better service delivery for local
residents. These services include clean drinking water, sanitation, solid waste
management, street lighting and local roads. Over 100,000 will benefit from
physical infrastructure investments in Hissor, Konibodom, Dangara, Sarband, Vose
and Fakhor. The project will also increase the efficiency of municipalities and
local service providers through support in development of local investment
plans, management of utility facilities, improved billings and collections and
engagement of residents in management and maintenance of investments.

An important component of the project is support to the Government of Tajikistan
in establishing a Communal Services Development Fund - a mechanism which will
combine national and donor resources to support more efficient longer term
financing and delivery of communal services for the population. The project will
be implemented over the next four years by the State Unitary Enterprise
"Khojagii Manziliu Kommunali".

Apart from this new project, the World Bank's engagement in the municipal sector
of Tajikistan includes two ongoing projects - the Second Dushanbe Water Supply
Project and the Additional Financing for Municipal Infrastructure Development
Project to address the challenges in water, sanitation and solid waste
management through institutional reforms and infrastructure investments.

The World Bank Group's active portfolio in Tajikistan includes 21 projects
totaling US$283.4 million. The largest share of the portfolio is in agriculture
(24 percent), followed by urban and rural development (21 percent), transport
(16 present), governance  and economic policy (9 percent) environment and
natural resources  (7 percent), education (6 percent), health and social
protection (6 percent), water (6 percent), the private sector (4 percent) and
social protection and labor (1 percent). Since 1996, the World Bank provided
over US$1 billion in grants and highly concessional credits from the
International Development Association and trust fund resources to Tajikistan.

The World Bank Group is committed to continue supporting Tajikistan as it
strives to improve the lives of its people and meet the aspirations of its young
and growing population.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              643 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Moscow-Pullman Daily News (Idaho)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 11, 2012 Friday

Whitman County receives DOE cash

BYLINE: Moscow-Pullman Daily News, Moscow, Idaho

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 337 words


May 11--The Washington State Department of Ecology awarded nearly $500,000 in
grants to Whitman County for solid and hazardous waste enforcement.

Whitman County is one of 95 Washington local governments to receive a chunk of
$18.8 million in the form of Coordinated Prevention Grants, given to local
governments every two years. That money is generated from a tax paid by
wholesale distributors of petroleum and other hazardous materials. That tax was
approved in 1988 by Washington voters as part of an initiative to reduce toxic
threats, according to a press release from DOE.

Whitman County Public Works received about $230,000 for hazardous household
waste collection and education, waste reduction, recycling and yard and wood
waste collection. More specifically, the money will go toward operating and
upgrading the Whitman County Recycling Center at the waste transfer station
north of Pullman. The county will also use that grant to educate the public on
proper waste disposal through school presentations and local events.

An additional $125,000 given to Public Works will help in constructing a paved
pad to the existing yard and wood debris area, reconstructing the stormwater
runoff ditch and adding concrete barriers around the paved pad to contain
organic material, all at the center. DOE estimates that the county can collect
about 800 tons of yard and wood waste every quarter.

Whitman County Public Health also received $138,000 from DOE in order to ensure
compliance with state and local regulations regarding solid waste disposal.
Various tasks will include conducting inspections, permitting solid waste
handling facilities and resolving about 20 solid waste complaints.

Grant amounts allocated across the state ranged from $3,000 to $1.5 million. The
grants also require a 25 percent match by the recipients, according to the press
release.

___ (c)2012 the Moscow-Pullman Daily News (Moscow, Idaho) Visit the
Moscow-Pullman Daily News (Moscow, Idaho) at www.dnews.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120511-1MW-Whitman-County-receives-DOE-cash-0511-20120511

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MW


                    Copyright 2012 Moscow-Pullman Daily News


                              644 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                              May 27, 2003 Tuesday

Loma Linda's garbage fees to rise in July

BYLINE: DIANE C. SPARACINO, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 355 words


LOMA LINDA - Residents will pay a little more for trash pickup beginning in
July.

The City Council on Tuesday night approved a bimonthly feeincrease of $1.04 for
apartment dwellers and $1.58 for residents using typical 68-gallon bins, said
Public Works Director Jarb Thaipejr.

That's about a 4 percent increase for apartment renters, from$26.22 to $27.26.
For others, the bimonthly bill will go up about 5 percent, from $32.65 to
$34.23.

The new rates will take effect in the new fiscal year, whichbegins July 1.

"What happened is the county increased the tipping fee,' orlandfill disposal
rate 3.92 percent from the previous year, Thaipejr said.

Waste Management of the Inland Empire provides solid wastedisposal services for
Loma Linda. The county Solid Waste Management Division is responsible for six
regional landfills.

The city's waste management contract calls for annualcost-of-living adjustments,
based on landfill disposal fees, inflation and other factors.

The rest of the increase can be attributed to shortfalls in thecity's recycling
program, which is targeted at 50 percent.

"Right now we're only at 37 percent,' said Thaipejr, whoexplained that the Waste
to Energy diversion program will cost the city an additional $1.05 per cubic
yard of solid waste per month. "The whole idea is to encourage people to reuse,
reduce and recycle,' said Thaipejr.

Other business:

The council listened to a presentation by Cathy Bechtel of theRiverside County
Transportation Commission and Ty Schuiling of Sanbag regarding the Bi-County
Corridor Plan. It would serve to link southern San Bernardino County with
northern Riverside County to mainly reduce traffic congestion.

"This will have a major impact on the city of Loma Linda,' saidMayor Floyd
Petersen, who expressed a few concerns about the project.

Thaipejr sought council approval to submit a grant applicationfor improvements
at Hulda Crooks Park. If awarded, the $25,000 grant would allow the city to
replace sand with a rubber surface under playground equipment, similar to that
used in Leonard Bailey Park.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              645 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Waterloo Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 31, 2009 Thursday

Supervisors approve grants for human services agencies

BYLINE: Tim Jamison, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 329 words


Dec. 31--WATERLOO -- Money spent throwing junk away will be used to help people
down on their luck.

The Black Hawk County Board of Supervisors voted 4-0 Tuesday to approve doling
out some $175,765 in grants to 19 nonprofit agencies, with a focus on those
providing food, shelter and clothing to those in need. Supervisor John Miller
was absent.

The money comes from excess revenues generated by at the county landfill and
donated annually by the Solid Waste Management Commission to the supervisors,
who in turn choose to earmark it for nonprofit agencies.

A five-member committee reviewed applications for more than $450,000 in grant
requests and made a recommendation to the supervisors before Christmas. Board
members accepted the committee's proposal without any changes, and the money is
expected to be available as part of the fiscal year budget starting July 1,
2010.

"There was a lot of needs," said Frank Magsamen, chairman of the Board of
Supervisors. "I think (the committee) did a thorough job of reviewing them and
did the best job they could."

Supervisor Tom Little added, "It looks like they spread the money a little bit
more than they have in the past. They did another fine job."

Supervisor Scott Jordan said having a separate board review the applications
works better than the "total chaos" created when that decision was left entirely
up to the supervisors during budget deliberations.

Members of the Solid Waste Funds Allocation Board include Nikita Rainey-Thomas,
Sarah Craft, Ray Burfeind, Jerome Amos and Lou Porter.

To see more of the Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.wcfcourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Waterloo-Cedar
Falls Courier, Iowa Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091231-OO-Supervisors-approve-grants-for-human-services-agencies-1231

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2009 Waterloo Courier


                              646 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           February 27, 2016 Saturday

HC allows BMC to use Mulund, Deonar dumpyards till June 2017

BYLINE: dna correspondent

LENGTH: 300  words


Observing that the state government and the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation
(BMC) have not taken any serious steps to ensure the proper management and
disposal of solid waste, and that, yet, the court is bound to grant an extension
up to June 2017 considering the serious nature of the issue, the Bombay High
Court on Friday allowed the BMC to operate the Deonar and Mulund dumping
grounds, which don't comply with management of solid waste (MSW) rules.

A division bench of Justice Abhay Oka and Justice CV Bhadang has also proposed
that a committee be formed under the chairmanship of a retired civil servant, an
order for which will be passed on Monday. The committee will monitor the setting
up of waste management facilities at the dumping sites and ensure that solid
waste is scientifically treated.

The BMC had sought permission for it to be allowed to dump garbage at Mulund and
Deonar claiming that the new sites provided for by the state at Airoli and
Taloja are yet to be operational and, until then, they should be allowed access
to the two sites.

On an average, 9,000 metric tonnes of garbage is generated in Mumbai on a daily
basis. The court, after going through the affidavits filed by the state and the
corporation, noted that there is absolutely no possibility of compliance of MSW
rules by the year 2019 to scientifically treat garbage, which by then could have
gone up to 15,000 metric tonnes a day, due to the ongoing construction
activities in the city. The court also suggested to the state government that it
would have to modify development control rules to allow the setting up of plants
at the ward level for the disposal of bio-degradable waste.

The Deonar dumping ground, which started in 1927, and the one at Mulund, started
in 1967, have long exceeded their dumping limits.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              647 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                             July 28, 2007 Saturday

City officials: Clint landfill won't breach again

BYLINE: Gustavo Reveles Acosta / El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 393 words


Video: Lone family left in Saipan
 Video: Readiness of a Juarez dam
 Video: Tour of raised levees and dredging projects
 Video: Juarez man who many call a hero
 Video: Man tries to fix arroyo himself

Officials of El Paso's Solid Waste Management Department said many of the
problems that caused trash from the Clint landfill to flow downstream during
last year's historic floods have already been fixed, and that the remaining
problems should be resolved soon.

Ellen Smyth, the director of Solid Waste Management, said that her department
has already finished constructing a third pond to handle drainage in the
landfill, and that workers have finished installing erosion stabilization mats
in the slopes, as well as other mechanisms to help distribute storm waters.

"We're spending upward of $8 million to help us deal with these issues," Smyth
said. "We are pretty confident that, unless we get a storm of unprecedented
proportions, we will be in good shape."

The record rainfall that pounded El Paso County and Southern New Mexico in July
and August last year caused storm water holding ponds to burst in the Clint
landfill.

The flowing water sent debris -- including mud, trash and even biological waste
such as used syringes -- into homes and farms just north of Clint.

The current also cut a 25-foot-wide and 15-foot-deep hole in desert land -- a
hole that for days cut some property owners off from road access.

"I'm glad they're taking care of the problem, but what about the families that
had to deal with the trash on their property?" said Lupe Rodriguez, a Clint
resident. "Many of us had to use our equipment, our own money to clean. What
happened wasn't our fault."

Richard Adams, an industrial engineer in the Solid Waste Management Department,
said that city workers cleaned up only the public areas around the landfill, and
that that they were not allowed to go onto private land to do work there.

El Paso city spokeswoman Juli Lozano said affected residents were eligible for
federal and state grants to help them fix and clean up their properties.

She said that the city made information about grants and other funding available
to all affected residents, not just those in Clint, and that any cleanup of
private property should have been reimbursed through those offices.

Gustavo Reveles Acosta may be reached at greveles@elpasotimes.com; 546-6133.


LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Billy Boutwell found syringes and other waste on his farm and said the
waste came from the El Paso landfill during flooding last August in Clint. The
city says that problems that caused the landfill breach have been fixed.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              648 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              WALL STREET JOURNAL

                              May 25, 1984, Friday

SECTION: Section 1; Page 58, Column 2

LENGTH: 27 words


Federal judge grants Waste Management Inc injunction against Alabama order
seeking prompt disposal of some toxic waste stored at company's Emelle landfill
(S)

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

              Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              649 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Regional Times

                             July 8, 2015 Wednesday

Rs. 474 million budget of SSWMB approved

SECTION: Vol. VIII No. 896

LENGTH: 201  words


The Sindh Solid Waste Management Board (SSWMB) budget of Rs. 474 million was
approved on Tuesday. The Sindh Chief Secretary, Mohammad Siddique Memon,
presided over the meeting. Managing Director of SSWMB, Roshan Shaikh, while
presenting the budget also gave a detailed briefing. Chief Secretary directed
that the work of solid waste management be speeded up and it should be performed
in a coordinated manner in consultation with the members of the Board. Roshan
Shaikh informed that the government of Sindh has allocated Rs. 474 million for
the SSWMB as single line grant.

This is outside the allocation of Rs. 3.1 billion annual development programme
for SSWMB for the fiscal 2015-16. He said that six garbage transfer stations
would be constructed in Karachi for which there is an allocation of Rs. 1.79
billion. Roshan further stated that the solid waste management would be a
coordinated programme which will help give the city a cleaner look. He said that
some private companies have offered to generate electricity from the garbage.
The EOI in this regard would be opened tomorrow. The Chief Secretary directed
that the solid management work be pushed forward in Karachi and other cities of
the province.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 Regional Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              650 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             July 8, 2015 Wednesday

Rs 474 mln budget of SSWMB approved

LENGTH: 202  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


The Sindh Solid Waste Management Board (SSWMB) budget of Rs 474 million was
approved on Tuesday. The Sindh Chief Secretary, Muhammad Siddique Memon,
presided over the meeting. Managing Director of SSWMB, Roshan Shaikh, while
presenting the budget also gave a detailed briefing. Chief Secretary directed
that the work of solid waste management be speeded up and it should be performed
in a coordinated manner in consultation with the members of the Board. Roshan
Shaikh informed that the government of Sindh has allocated Rs. 474 million for
the SSWMB as single line grant. This is outside the allocation of Rs. 3.1
billion annual development programme for SSWMB for the fiscal 2015-16. He said
that six garbage transfer stations would be constructed in Karachi for which
there is an allocation of Rs. 1.79 billion. Roshan further stated that the solid
waste management would be a coordinated programme which will help give the city
a cleaner look. He said that some private companies have offered to generate
electricity from the garbage. The EOI in this regard would be opened tomorrow.
The Chief Secretary directed that the solid management work be pushed forward in
Karachi and other cities of the province.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              651 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           August 19, 2009 Wednesday

SCHEDULES FOR TRANSFER STATIONS CHANGE SEPT. 1

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 561 words


COUNTYWIDE

Hernando County Solid Waste and Recycling Division is changing operation hours
at its transfer stations.

Effective Sept. 1, the East Hernando Transfer Station, 33070 Cortez Blvd., Ridge
Manor, and West Hernando Transfer Station, 2525 Osowaw Blvd., Spring Hill, will
be open 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesdays through Saturdays.

Hours will remain the same at the Northwest Solid Waste Facility at 14450
Landfill Road, Spring Hill, which is open 7:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. weekdays and
Saturdays. For information, call (352) 754-4112.

* * *

SPRING HILL

Hospice doctor speaker at BPW dinner meeting

The Business and Professional Women of Hernando County will meet at 5:30 p.m.
Tuesday in the Pool Room at Atria Evergreen Woods, 7030 Evergreen Woods Trail.

The speaker is Dr. Gary McCarragher, who will discuss "A Man in Transition." He
will also discuss his recently published novel, The Struggle. McCarragher
recently retired from gastroenterology practice and now is a physician with
Hospice in north Pasco County and teaches biological sciences at St. Leo
University.

The cost for the dinner meeting is $15 for BPW members and $20 for nonmembers.
Reservations are required by Friday. RSVP to Linda McKenna at
lmckenna@cwshomehealth.com

* * *

COUNTYWIDE

Swiftmud education grant deadline Friday

Friday is the deadline to submit an application for a community education grant
with the Southwest Florida Water Management District.

The goal of the Community Education Grant program is to actively engage adults
in issues pertaining to water conservation, protection and preservation, and to
motivate communities to get involved in watershed protection through various
activities and educational formats.

Grants of up to $5,000 will be awarded to help fund educational water-resource
projects.

Potential projects should provide education on any or all of the following
issues: water quality, water conservation, flood protection, natural systems and
watersheds.

The projects must take place between March 1 and July 31, 2010.

To apply, visit the Web site at watermatters.org/communitygrants. The electronic
form allows applicants to save, review and change portions of their proposal
before submitting.

For information, or to discuss project ideas, call Robin Grantham, toll-free, at
1-800-423-1476, ext. 4779.

Also, a variety of free materials are available and can be ordered through the
district's Web site at watermatters.org/publications.

* * *

BROOKSVILLE

Learn to prepare for various emergencies

In support of National Preparedness Month, which will be observed in September,
the Hernando County Sheriff's Office Emergency Management Section will host a
public preparedness presentation from 1 to 4 p.m. Aug. 28 in the Hernando County
Emergency Communication and Operations Center, 18900 Cortez Blvd.

The presentation will feature an overview of the Emergency Operations Center and
county government functions during disasters, emergency evacuation routes and
shelters, and National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration weather radios.
The Local Emergency Planning Council will present information on how to
"shelter-in-place" during a chemical or other hazardous materials spill or
release caused by natural disaster, transportation accident or as an intentional
act of terrorism.

Space is limited. Those wishing to attend must RSVP to Dianne Cox at (352)
754-4083 or dcox@hernandosheriff.org

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              652 of 995 DOCUMENTS


               The Valley News-Dispatch (Tarentum, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 6, 2014 Thursday

Lower Burrell rethinks recycling after Waste Management raises fees nearly 50
percent

BYLINE: Liz Hayes, The Valley News-Dispatch, Tarentum, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 504 words


Nov. 06--With the cost of recycling expected to increase next year, Lower
Burrell officials want clarification on the state's collection requirements.

Mayor Don Kinosz said Waste Management Inc. submitted the only bid to offer
curbside recycling -- a three-year contract at $153,000 per year.

That's $50,000, or nearly 50 percent, more than what the city pays now.

Kinosz said that doesn't include what the city pays to have large bins for leaf
collection behind city hall emptied several times per year. He estimated the
city's total annual recycling cost to be between $175,000 and $200,000.

Councilman Frank Trozzi, who oversees city finances, said the cost increase will
be passed on to residents, who currently pay $9 per quarter, or $36 per year, in
recycling fees.

When the preliminary city budget is approved next week, council anticipates
raising the recycling fee to $11 per quarter or $44 per year -- a 22 percent
increase.

City Solicitor Steve Yakopec said he was reviewing a court case involving the
City of Reading that seems to imply a community can stop recycling if the cost
exceeds what a community earns by selling the recyclables and what the
Department of Environmental Protection offers in grants.

Kinosz said the city earns nothing from the recyclables since it contracts out
the collection. He said the city has received no grant money from the DEP in
several years.

Yakopec asked City Clerk Kelly Cook to prepare a breakdown of the full costs and
how they're covered by the city.

He planned to review whether the city can make a case to the state to stop
paying for recycling.

"We're getting zero money back from this," he said.

Councilmen Chris Fabry and Joe Grillo questioned how the city's recycling fee
would factor into the equation since the city technically collects money from
residents to cover the costs. But Treasurer Brian Eshbaugh noted if there was no
fee, residents' taxes would cover the cost.

Kinosz said the annual cost is equivalent to more than 1 mill in property taxes.

Council approved the Waste Management recycling contract on Wednesday. Kinosz
said if they learn they don't have to provide the service, there is a clause
that the contract can be canceled with a few months' notice.

No tax hike expected

Council on Monday is expected to approve a 2015 budget of more than $9 million;
property taxes are expected to remain at 21.25 mills.

Kinosz said the costs of pension contributions, health insurance and road salt
increased, plus the city will be covering part of the cost of a new school
resource officer and opted to increase its payments on a new vehicle for the
municipal authority.

However, Kinosz said increases in what the city collects in earned income,
business privilege and other taxes helped balance out the expenses.

Liz Hayes is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. She can be reached at
724-226-4680 or lhayes@tribweb.com

___ (c)2014 The Valley News-Dispatch (Tarentum, Pa.) Visit The Valley
News-Dispatch (Tarentum, Pa.) at www.triblive.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141106-TV-Lower-Burrell-rethinks-recycling-after-Waste-Management
-raises-fees-nearly-50-percent-1106-20141106

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TV


                    Copyright 2014 The Valley News-Dispatch


                              653 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 7, 2014 Saturday

New Mexico: Recycling Program Coordinator

LENGTH: 697  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


City of Las Cruces has issued the following news release:

Job Title:  Recycling Program Coordinator
Closing Date/Time:  Mon. 06/09/14 11:59 PM Mountain Time
Salary:  $32,000.00 - $45,000.00 Annually
Job Type:  Full-time Regular
Location:  700 N. Main St., Las Cruces, New Mexico
EXTENDED CLOSING DATE.

Full-time regular, exempt position responsible for promoting and marketing the
South Central Solid Waste Authority (SCSWA) Recycling Program in order to
achieve a significant reduction in waste.

Position involves working extended hours when necessary; adhering to strict
deadlines; performing multiple tasks; and responding to customer inquiries and
complaints.

Position functions approximately 70% in an office setting with no notable
adverse environmental conditions and 30% outdoors conducting site tours and
outreach services in all types of weather conditions.  Protective clothing may
include hard hat, steel-toe boots, gloves, and vest.  Position involves
occasional bending, stooping, balancing, crouching and reaching above shoulder
level; occasional moving materials weighing up to 25 pounds; occasional
climbing, kneeling and squatting when conducting site tours; visual and auditory
ability to perform essential job functions; ability to operate a motor vehicle
and two-way communication device; and move about on uneven ground surfaces.

Duties and Responsibilities:

Markets and monitors the sale of recycled goods and promotes waste reduction and
recycling.
    Performs research to analyze and evaluate the ongoing status of current
programs in order to determine feasibility of implementing new recycling
programs; maintains data to evaluate and record progress of the SCSWA's efforts
in waste reduction programs from an economic perspective.
    Solicits alternate funding by applying for grants, awards, and special
recognition entries related to solid waste/recycling programs.  Requests pricing
and bids and coordinates billing, collection, and deposits on recyclable
materials; manages customer accounts (new and existing) for cardboard and office
paper.
    Educates the general public, businesses, and schools on recycling and solid
waste services by providing details on cost effectiveness; conducts tours of the
SCSWA Recycling Center as requested; participates and promotes recycling events
such as Earth Day and Keep Las Cruces Beautiful; conducts presentations to
various educational and community groups and organizations.
    Prepares reports for SCSWA management and Solid Waste Authority Board;
responds to customer inquiries and concerns; attends management and professional
organization meetings as directed.


 Minimum Qualifications:

Associate Degree in Pre-Business or related field PLUS three years of experience
in business accounting or marketing, preferably in recycling or solid waste
programs.  A combination of education, experience, and training may be applied
in accordance with SCSWA policy.

Valid driver's license is required.  Position requires an acceptable driving
record in accordance with SCSWA policy.  Recycling Certification must be
obtained within six months of employment.

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:

Considerable knowledge of:  Federal, state and local recycling regulations;
principles, practices, and equipment involved in recycling and providing solid
waste services; hazards and safety precautions associated  with solid waste and
recycling; government rules and regulations as they apply to solid waste and
recycling.

Ability to: Gather and review data, analyze findings, prepare oral reports, and
produce written documents with clearly organized thoughts with proper English
sentence construction, punctuation and grammar; accurately produce mathematical
calculations; effectively communicate orally with customers, clients or the
public in face-to-face, one-to-one, or group settings, or using the telephone;
establish effective working relationships with both internal and external
customers; operate motorized vehicles and navigate on uneven surfaces.

Skills in:  Public speaking and producing graphics, brochures, and other
materials for public presentations.
For further information please visit: http://www.las-cruces.org/

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              654 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                          December 16, 2015 Wednesday

Bishkek city takes delivery of 420 new waste containers

LENGTH: 200 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 London: Bishkek city took delivery of 420 new waste containers, the first
assets acquired under the Bishkek Solid Waste project to modernise solid waste
management.





 It forms part of a comprehensive environmental improvement programme for the
Kyrgyz capital. The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) has
supported the Bishkek solid waste management programme with a loan of [#x20ac]11
million, while the European Union's (EU) Investment Facility for Central Asia
has provided a [#x20ac]8 million grant.



 The investment aims to upgrade waste services in the city and produce
significant environmental and public health benefits. An official ceremony today
marked the handover of the first waste containers to the city's municipal solid
waste company, Tazalyk.



 Local citizens turned out to watch the event which was attended by local
government representatives including Kubanychbek Kulmatov, Mayor of Bishkek;
Cesare De Montis, the EU Ambassador to the Kyrgyz Republic; and EBRD
representatives including Natalia Khanjenkova, EBRD Managing Director for Turkey
and Central Asia, Masaru Honma, EBRD Director for Central Asia, and Larisa
Manastirli, Head of the EBRD's Resident Office in Bishkek.



LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              655 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                          February 28, 2007 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

COUNTY COMMISSION

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 332 words


Palm Beach County commissioners took the following action Tuesday:

ATV restrictions: Opted out of a state law that allows all-terrain vehicles to
be driven by a licensed driver or a minor being supervised by an adult licensed
driver on public, unpaved roads where speed limits are below 35 mph.

Transfer station land sale: Approved selling nearly 41 acres of land in the
Agricultural Reserve to the county's Solid Waste Authority for $5.1 million for
the construction of a new waste transfer station. The land is located on the
east side of State Road 7 between Atlantic Avenue and Boynton Beach Boulevard.
Bowman Growers Inc. currently leases the land for farming, and in exchange the
county will grant Bowman the option to extend their lease on nearby agricultural
land until 2025. The Solid Waste Authority will also pay Bowman $430,800 for the
loss of farming land.

Grand jury funding: Approved allocating $10,000 to the state attorney's office
for expenses related to the grand jury cases involving the city of West Palm
Beach and the Child Abuse Protocol Review.

Value Adjustment Board: Approved allocating $150,000 to the county clerk and
comptroller's office for extra costs associated with the review of property tax
petitions filed with the Value Adjustment Board. The school board will pay the
county $60,000 back.

Housing planner: Approved creating the position of principal housing planner
within the Palm Beach County Housing and Community Development Department. The
contract, for $90,690, will be paid with federal and state funds and will end
when grant funds are no longer available.

Wireless Internet program: Formally recognized the creation of a committee that
will study the possibility of a wireless Internet program between the county,
school board, several universities in the county, the Palm Beach County
Education Council and South Florida Water Management District. Also approved an
agreement allowing the school board to share the county's fiber-optic Internet
network.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  METRO REPORT

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              656 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                             January 5, 2009 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

GOOD DEEDS

SECTION: BUSINESS WEEKLY; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 312 words


Waste Management Inc. of Florida donated $2 million to the Step Up for Students
Corporate Tax Credit Scholarship Program. The money will provide scholarships
for low-income children and youth, kindergarten through 12th grade, who want to
attend private or out-of-district schools. Step Up distributes money to three
scholarship-funding organizations: Florida PRIDE, Children First Florida and the
Carrie Meek Foundation. Locally, the Step Up scholarships will benefit students
who want to attend one of 12 participating Sarasota-area schools. During the
2007-08 school year, the program provided 91 scholarships to local students.
Step Up scholarships are funded by corporations that redirect up to 75 percent
of their corporate state tax liability, in exchange for a dollar-for-dollar tax
credit. One hundred percent of the corporate contributions go directly to fund
scholarships; none goes to administrative costs. For more information, visit
www.stepupforstudents.com.

The Lakewood Ranch Professional Women's Networking Group donated $2,000 to the
Manatee Community College Foundation. The funds are earmarked for nontraditional
female students attending MCC. The donation was matched by foundation board
member Beverly Beall of Bealls Inc.

Operation Round Up, the charitable arm of Peace River Electric Cooperative
(PRECO), recently provided grants totaling more than $22,000 to Southeastern
Guide Dogs and the Women's Resource Center of Manatee. Southeastern Guide Dogs
received $20,000, which will help pay for the student food program. The Women's
Resource Center will use the $2,500 it received for its Career Closet, which
provides business apparel to women entering the work force.

The Suncoast Chapter of the National Construction Specifications Institute
raised $500 and collected canned food items at a recent fundraiser to benefit
All Faiths Food Bank in Sarasota.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              657 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                             January 5, 2009 Monday

GOOD DEEDS

SECTION: BUSINESS WEEKLY; BRIEF; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 312 words


Waste Management Inc. of Florida donated $2 million to the Step Up for Students
Corporate Tax Credit Scholarship Program. The money will provide scholarships
for low-income children and youth, kindergarten through 12th grade, who want to
attend private or out-of-district schools. Step Up distributes money to three
scholarship-funding organizations: Florida PRIDE, Children First Florida and the
Carrie Meek Foundation. Locally, the Step Up scholarships will benefit students
who want to attend one of 12 participating Sarasota-area schools. During the
2007-08 school year, the program provided 91 scholarships to local students.
Step Up scholarships are funded by corporations that redirect up to 75 percent
of their corporate state tax liability, in exchange for a dollar-for-dollar tax
credit. One hundred percent of the corporate contributions go directly to fund
scholarships; none goes to administrative costs. For more information, visit
www.stepupforstudents.com.

The Lakewood Ranch Professional Women's Networking Group donated $2,000 to the
Manatee Community College Foundation. The funds are earmarked for nontraditional
female students attending MCC. The donation was matched by foundation board
member Beverly Beall of Bealls Inc.

Operation Round Up, the charitable arm of Peace River Electric Cooperative
(PRECO), recently provided grants totaling more than $22,000 to Southeastern
Guide Dogs and the Women's Resource Center of Manatee. Southeastern Guide Dogs
received $20,000, which will help pay for the student food program. The Women's
Resource Center will use the $2,500 it received for its Career Closet, which
provides business apparel to women entering the work force.

The Suncoast Chapter of the National Construction Specifications Institute
raised $500 and collected canned food items at a recent fundraiser to benefit
All Faiths Food Bank in Sarasota.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              658 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                             April 1, 2008 Tuesday

FOR THE RECORD

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 340 words


HAPPENING TODAY

Events

April Fool's Day.

Lincoln Depot opens for the season, 10th and Monroe streets. Will be open from
10 a.m. to 4 p.m. daily through Aug. 31.

Government

Springfield City Council, 6 p.m., Municipal Center West.

Ordinances on the debate agenda:

* Increase water rates by 86 percent over the next four years.

* Resolution urging City Water, Light and Power to get a second study related to
the proposed water system improvements and rates.

* Supplemental appropriation of $107,400 for the Office of Budget and
Management.

* Supplemental appropriation of $295,000 for the Office of Budget and
Management.

* Annexation agreement for 669 W. Camp Sangamo Road.

* 2008 planning service agreement between the city and the Springfield-Sangamon
County Regional Planning Commission, in an amount not to exceed $152,000 from
Jan. 1 through Dec. 31.

* Authorize a yard waste collection service agreement with Lake Area Disposal
Service, Waste Management, Illini Disposal and Allied Waste Services to collect
and dispose of yard waste within an estimated amount not to exceed $75,000.

* Agreement with the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency whereby it
delegates authority to the city to issue permits for water main extensions.

* Grant agreement with the Illinois Department of Commerce and Economic
Opportunity for a total amount of $800,000 for demonstration of the Dallman
Power Plant Unit 4 wet electrostatic precipitator pursuant to a grant award
through the Illinois Coal Competitiveness program.

ILLINOIS LOTTERY

Monday's numbers

Pick Three-Midday: 8-1-6

Pick Three-Evening: 4-5-3

Pick Four-Midday: 2-8-0-1

Pick Four-Evening: 6-7-4-8

Little Lotto: 9-12-17-18-34

Lotto: 9-19-24-37-45-52

Estimated Lotto jackpot: $2.75 million

Estimated Mega Millions jackpot: $135 million

NOTICES

Central Illinois Community Blood Center, 1134 S. Seventh St. Appointments,
753-1530.

Special needs today: A-negative, O-positive.

School lunch menu

Cheeseburger or hot ham and cheese on bun, baked fries, petit banana, chilled
fruit, ice cream.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LOCAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              659 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                      Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 18, 2016 Monday

Senate bill won't end Cass County recycling district

BYLINE: Ben Middelkamp, Pharos-Tribune, Logansport, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 440 words


Jan. 18--Two pieces of legislation moving through the Senate want to do away
with solid waste management districts in the state, but local officials say it
won't change the programs in Cass County.

Sen. Luke Kenley, R-Noblesville, wrote Senate Bill 88, which would not allow
solid waste districts to issue fees or property taxes after 2017. But, county
governments can still impose fees for recycling.

And in Senate Bill 388, written by Sen. Liz Brown, R-Fort Wayne, she calls for
counties to dissolve districts, which would let the county decide whether to
keep the existing programs.

In a Muncie Star Press article, Kenley said the two bills could get combined.

The Cass County Recycling District, formerly called the solid waste management
district, isn't funded through property taxes like other districts in the state,
Director Sacha Teague said.

Instead, the recycling district receives a "tipping fee" for $1 per ton of waste
brought to the Oak Ridge Recycling and Disposal Facility. Cass County and the
city of Logansport are also paid $1.25 for the fee.

Bill 88 would affect neighboring Howard County because its district operates
through collecting property taxes, Teague said, who used to work as the
education coordinator for Howard County's district.

"By disbanding solid waste districts, the expertise of the director and the
knowledge of the field goes with that," she said. "If recycling programs are
dispersed to overwhelmed governmental departments, recycling could take a back
seat."

But that won't happen locally.

Cass County Commissioner Jim Sailors said if Bill 366 passes, the county will
make sure the same services are provided for the future. And it will still be
funded only through tipping fees.

"We believe that recycling is a good thing," Sailors said. "So even if they do
away with it, we probably won't stop because we don't get tax dollars to support
it anyway."

The district's governing board will go away if the bills are enacted, Teague
said, shifting that power to the commissioners.

Teague said with some counties potentially losing their recycling districts,
they'll also lose electronic disposal, education services and district directors
researching and receiving grants for new programs.

Sailors said recycling is too important to lose in Cass County.

"Everybody needs to at least try to reuse as much as they can," Sailors said,
"rather than just using up all of our resources."

Reach Ben Middelkamp at ben.middelkamp@pharostribune.com or 574-732-5117.

___ (c)2016 the Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Ind.) Visit the Pharos-Tribune
(Logansport, Ind.) at www.pharostribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160118-LG-Senate-bill-won-t-end-Cass-County-recycling-district-0118-20160118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LG


                         Copyright 2016 Pharos-Tribune


                              660 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 15, 2015 Wednesday

ADEM grant will help with littering, recycling in LawCo

BYLINE: Jonece Dunigan, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 443 words


April 15--MOULTON -- Lawrence County Commission Chairman Joey Hargrove said he's
tired of residents turning the side of county roads into garbage cans, and he
hopes more countywide cleanups will help.

As he drives along the roads in East Lawrence, Hargrove said, he has witnessed
many litter violations that could cost a person a $500 fine. Residents have
tossed trash from their vehicle windows. Paper and plastic bags are strewn
across the roads.

Commissioner Bradley Cross has reported tires and old couches on the side of the
road.

"I don't mean no disrespect, but you should take a lot better pride in your
county and country than that," Cross said. "That's what garbage bags are for."

Solid Waste Director William Allen hopes to see cleaner roads after the
countywide cleanup April 20-26, an event Allen would like to have three more
times a year. Allen received permission from commissioners Friday to apply for
an Alabama Department of Environmental Management grant. The majority of the
no-match grant would be used to start the department's recycling program, while
the rest of the money would fund more countywide cleanups.

"It will make it easier for citizens who keep traveling to the landfill," Allen
said. "It also will teach people about the benefits of recycling."

Allen doesn't know the total amount of the grant yet because funding depends on
how much money ADEM has to give out. The agency tries to match the amount it
would cost for cleanup services. Allen said it costs $4,000 to host the cleanup.

The fund also would help expand solid waste services to accept hazardous waste,
such as paint, once a year.

Allen said he has to talk to municipalities before he applies for the grant. He
hopes to get the application started soon so residents can enjoy a cleaner
county and become more environmentally conscious.

"Recycling helps preserve the life of a landfill because there is less stuff
coming in it," Allen said. "We get a lot of requests from citizens, and we would
like to try to do what we can to help."

The commission agreed to hire four full-time laborers to pick up trash for $9.64
per hour in January. Commissioners unanimously voted to purchase 150 "do not
litter" signs for $27 each in February. Some students from Moulton Middle School
and Lawrence County High volunteered their time April 1 to clean Lawrence County
233.

But even all that isn't enough to keep the roads clean, Hargrove said.

"We are working on it, but without the help of the citizens it won't go away
anytime soon."

___ (c)2015 The Decatur Daily (Decatur, Ala.) Visit The Decatur Daily (Decatur,
Ala.) at www.decaturdaily.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150415-DD-ADEM-grant
-will-help-with-littering-recycling-in-LawCo-0415-20150415

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2015 The Decatur Daily


                              661 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           November 17, 2011 Thursday

Prep work for new Grant school could start next week

BYLINE: By Megan Boldt mboldt@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Washington County; Education

LENGTH: 338 words


Prep work might begin as early as next week at the site of the new Wildwood
Elementary in Grant.

It's a day Mahtomedi school district officials have been anxiously awaiting for
months. Groundbreaking for the school was originally scheduled for last April,
but the project has suffered a series of setbacks in getting permits and other
approvals.

The latest hang-up was that site plans needed to be updated. The Minnesota
Department of Natural Resources wanted more safety signage because of the nearby
Gateway State Trail. A bus exit to Jamaca Avenue will cut across the trail,
which is used by bicyclists, horseback riders and pedestrians.

Those changes have been made to the plans, so district officials hope the
permits will be approved and contractors can start grading the land next week.

"We might finally be at that last step," said Superintendent Mark Larson.

The Wildwood project has been a long and contentious battle.

Plans have been in the works for the new $18 million school since 2003, when the
district reached an agreement with Waste Management Inc. to buy 70 acres for a
school and athletic fields. The new Wildwood will serve students in kindergarten
through second grade and include an early-childhood education center.

Voters in April 2010 approved issuing $45 million in bonds to build a new
elementary school, renovate three other schools and upgrade athletic facilities.
The bond issue passed by just 25 votes.

The original plan was to break ground last April and open the school in fall
2012, but that opening date has now been pushed back to 2013 because of the
delays.

The school district didn't get city approval until last June, three months later
than expected, because of residents' concerns about pollution and traffic. Then
the plans had to be resubmitted this summer to a local watershed district to
make sure area water is protected.

Larson said he doesn't expect the delays to significantly change the price of
the project.

Megan Boldt can be reached at 651-228-5495. Follow her at twitter.com/meganboldt
.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              662 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                 The Dominion Post (Morgantown, West Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 28, 2006 Monday

$25K grant will help recycling center: Funds are for facility upgrades

BYLINE: Gary Gray, The Dominion Post, Morgantown, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 689 words


Aug. 28--Improvements are on the way for the expanding Monongalia County
Community Recycling Center.

The Mon County Commission on Wednesday approved $25,000 for upgrades for the
center, which is located off River Road.

Those improvements include pouring concrete at the truck dock where haulers
unload materials, a ventilation system for the building where materials are
stored, reconditioning a baler, expansion of the public drop-off area and a
building where a second baler may be placed in the future.

"The improvements are basically meant to improve efficiency and make the center
more userfriendly," said Hayward Helmick, Mon County Solid Waste Authority board
vice chairman. "We want to have most of them done by fall."

The authority has overseen the facility since 2002.

Helmick said the authority also has received word that it will receive a
$160,000 U.S. Department of Agriculture grant.

"That will not be given to us all at once," he said. "Invoices will be sent out
to the USDA. They will review them and then make reimbursements."

The authority receives about $18,000 a year from the state's Solid Waste
Management board to pay for the center's operations. It also produces revenues
by selling recycled materials to private buyers.

"Our first year [2002], we netted about $65,000," Helmick said. "But we've come
a long way. That first year we did less than two tons. The last couple of years
we've done 600 tons. And since that first year, we've netted about $175,000."

Helmick said that money helps pay expenses, including an on-site management
team, three full-time employees, and operating and other expenses. Monthly
expenses for the center are about $18,000 to $20,000 a month, he said.

The center does not pay residents or businesses for dropping off materials. All
revenue earned from the processing and marketing of recyclable materials is used
to provide special recycling events such as E-cycling, satellite recycling
stations and household hazardous waste disposal.

The center accepts cardboard, paper bags, glass bottles, soda and soup cans,
newspapers, phone books and other paper products, as well as some recyclable
plastic materials.

Bob McConnell, authority board chairman, told commissioners Wednesday that the
amount of recyclables received at the center in the first six months of 2006 is
about 20 percent higher than the same time last year.

"Unfortunately, the price of cardboard has gone down by half," he said about the
center's largest commodity. "Like any other business, prices go up and down, but
the amount of tonnage we handle has gone up.

"But we've cleaned up the public drop-off area out there, and there was quite a
bit of contamination around the site that's all been cleaned up. Currently,
fences are being constructed around the bins to keep debris from blowing
around."

Before January 2002, recycling in Monongalia County was contracted to a private
company called MonRecycle. Due to a need to improve the county's public
recycling, the authority took over the recycling facility. The name was changed
from MonRecycle to the Monongalia County Community Recycling Center.

After a massive cleanup effort to get the facility up to suitable operating
condition, the city of Morgantown worked out a contract with Browning-Ferris
Industries, the garbage hauler for Morgantown and Fairmont, to handle their
recycling effort.

That led to a dramatic increase in recyclable materials brought to the center.
And by keeping a close check on costs, the center became one of the first
profitable publicly operated recycling centers in West Virginia.

"I'm so impressed by what you've done in such a short time," Commission
President Bob Bell told Helmick and McConnell on Wednesday during a commission
meeting. "I've talked to the governor about it, and I for one will support what
you do 100 percent."

Copyright (c) 2006, The Dominion Post, Morgantown, W.Va. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060828-MV-0828-25K-grant-will-help-recycling-center

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MV


                        Copyright 2006 The Dominion Post


                              663 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                            January 14, 2005 Friday

Bill to save jobs of 87 DNR employees introduced

BYLINE: CHRIS YOUNG OUTDOORS EDITOR

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 493 words


Efforts continued Thursday at the Capitol on behalf of 87 Illinois Department of
Natural Resources employees scheduled to lose their jobs today.

The new round of layoffs is in addition to 37 workers let go in October. Lt.
Gov. Pat Quinn put forth his plan to bolster staffing levels at DNR and restore
grant and conservation programs by closing a tax loophole, and Rep. Mike Boland,
D-East Moline, introduced a bill intended to avert the layoffs.

House Bill 214 would restore the positions using part of a $23 million surplus
in the Wildlife and Fish Fund, which is supported by fees for hunting and
fishing licenses, permits and stamps, along with other revenue, including
federal funds. DNR's interpretation is that the employees are not eligible to be
paid from the Wildlife and Fish Fund.

Boland's bill seeks to use as much as $2 million of the surplus to pay for the
87 positions.

"That money would restore these positions for the rest of the fiscal year," said
Anders Lindall, public affairs director for American Federation of State, County
and Municipal Employees Council 31. "Looking to fiscal year 2006 and beyond, we
would hope that a more comprehensive solution to the cuts at DNR and all state
services could be found."

Quinn is targeting a tax credit established in the 1980s to promote the recovery
of gas produced when waste decomposes in landfills. Eliminating the credit could
free up $25 million for conservation programs and DNR staff.

Illinois is the only state still offering the tax break, Quinn said, and federal
incentives are in place that make the state's unnecessary.

Heather Browne, spokeswoman for Houston-based Waste Management Inc., issued a
statement saying the company is disappointed in Quinn's proposal.

"A conservation initiative should include processes and initiatives that
exemplify environmental stewardship, as a way of serving communities. ... To
propose an initiative that could hinder that commitment and ultimately end a
beneficial and environmentally sound service to communities is disheartening."

If adopted, Quinn's "Illinois Conservation Initiative" would fund the state's
share of the Conservation Reserve Enhancement Program and attract federal
matching funds, fund the Conservation 2000 grant program and provide $5 million
to maintain DNR staffing levels.

Quinn acknowledged that there would be competition for funds if $25 million
suddenly became available.

Legislation would have to be crafted with specific language in order to dedicate
the new funds for conservation, he said.

DNR spokesman Joe Bauer acknowledged the efforts under way on behalf of the
agency.

"We appreciate Lt. Gov. Quinn's efforts concerning the Department of Natural
Resources," he said. "The budget situation is tight for the entire state of
Illinois, and DNR will continue to push forward with its core mission."

For more on Quinn's proposal, visit www.conservation2005.il.gov.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Quinn

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2005 The State Journal-Register


                              664 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            January 16, 2009, Friday

Recycling required, but gets no funds;
Cities often use grants to cover costs of programs

BYLINE: CARA BAILEY, DAILY MAIL STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1C

LENGTH: 928 words


For several cities throughout the state, recycling is law.

However, that law comes with a price, as the state does not provide funding to
cover the cost of the programs.

Because of a legislative mandate in 1991, all municipalities with more than
10,000 residents must provide recycling options for at least three different
materials at least one day a month.

Norm Steenstra, the current director of the Kanawha County Solid Waste
Authority, was a lobbyist who fought for the recycling mandate to pass. Now, 18
years later and on the other end of the law, Steenstra said he believes the
recycling programs are significantly underfunded.

"In the time I've been here, particularly in the last several months, I've
noticed something individual cities have in common with larger counties and even
smaller counties, is there is just not enough money in the recycling program,"
Steenstra said. "The cities have it harder than us."

The Charleston Refuse Department estimates that it spends more than $337,000 a
year on recycling collection. The city collects recyclables four days a week.

The department does receive revenue from the refuse collection fee paid by
residents and businesses in city limits, but that must also be used to pay for
regular garbage collection. The city doesn't sell its recycled materials, which
are simply donated to Steenstra's organization.

Kanawha County is one of the few counties that receive an assessment fee of 50
cents for every ton of garbage dumped in a landfill. Only counties with
landfills get the fee, which comes from a tipping charge.

Organizations that dump garbage in the landfill must pay a certain amount to get
rid of waste, and that money helps pay for recycling programs.

However, the fee has not increased since the law was passed, while costs for
recycling programs have increased.

"It's time to get out of the 20th century and into the 21st century in
recycling," Steenstra said. "That has to be a goal."

Both counties and cities can file for periodic grants to help supplement the
programs.

The board also provides technical support and requires annual audits of each
program. If the audit is not done, the program can become ineligible to receive
grants.

Steenstra said until recently sales of recycled materials provided more than 90
percent of the Kanawha County authority's income, while funds from other sources
were almost like a financial cushion.

"In good times, it's gravy," Steenstra said of any contributions from the state.
"For the last year and a half, it wasn't that significant. Now, in tough times,
it has all of the sudden become 20 to 30 percent of the budget."

According to numbers from December, the assessment fee of 50 cents accounted for
16 percent of Kanawha County's income.

The recycling business has hit a rough patch in recent months, with market
prices and demand tumbling. In Kanawha County, the solid waste authority has had
to cut back on manpower and work hours, as well as limit what it accepts from
their curbside service.

Even with the cutbacks, Steenstra said he is thankful for the money the
authority is given, because not all counties get the extra bump.

He cited Calhoun County, which has a population of less than 8,000 and no
landfill. Yet it has a top-notch recycling service, Steenstra said.

Tom Degan, the only employee at the Cabot Recycling Station in Calhoun, does
everything from writing grant applications to operating the forklift and baler.
Because the volume of materials processed in Calhoun County does not result in a
profit, Degan must look to other sources to find money for his $90,000 annual
budget.

"There are two state grant programs for recycling, and I apply as often as I
can," Degan said. "The grants take up slack."

For the most part, recycling programs are autonomous, but government programs
such as the Rehabilitation Environmental Action Plan help keep Degan and the
Calhoun County Solid Waste Authority operating, as the grants help supplement
salaries, pay utility bills and pay maintenance for the building.

REAP was started in 1972 by former Gov. Arch Moore as a way to remove junk cars
from the state. A. James Manchin, who later served as a legislator, secretary of
state and state treasurer, was the first director of the program. In 2005, his
nephew, current Gov. Joe Manchin, decided to bring back the program and have it
focus on statewide cleanup efforts.

REAP Director Danny Haught said the program gives out an average of $2 million a
year. In an awards presentation on Dec. 12, REAP handed out $1.4 million in
recycling grants to 35 groups throughout the state.

The grants go to towns, county commissions, solid waste authorities, schools and
other groups. But the main goal is more than just handing out money.

"It's all about increasing recycling, educating the public on recycling, and the
main objective is to reduce landfill waste," Haught said.

The funding for the grants is also taken from part of the landfill assessment
fee. REAP receives $1 for every ton of garbage taken to the landfill.

There is also a state assessment fee, which comes from the Solid Waste
Management Board. Steenstra said the state fee added 2 percent to his income in
December.

Haught said that even though funding is difficult, recycling will continue to be
mandated by the state, as Manchin is an advocate for recycling and keeping West
Virginia green.

"The governor is very serious about making the state of West Virginia a clean
state, one of the cleanest in the nation, if not the cleanest," Haught said.

Contact writer Cara Bailey at cara.bailey@dailymail.com or 304-348-4834.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Charleston Newspapers


                              665 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                   Azer News

                             May 15, 2013 Wednesday

WB, Azerbaijan sign protocol on additional $47 million funding

BYLINE:   Nigar Orujova

LENGTH: 549  words


The World Bank (WB) and the Azerbaijani government signed a protocol on the
results of official negotiations on issues related to additional funding for the
Integrated Solid Waste Management Project, the Baku office of the bank reported
on May 13.

The protocol will be submitted to the Board of Directors. Loan approval by the
Board of Directors is scheduled for May 30.

Under the additional financing, the WB plans to allocate $47.1 million of credit
resources from the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, which
is a part of the WB, while the share of the country's government will be about
$8 million.

The major portion of the bank's credit resources will focus on the
reconstruction of the solid waste landfill in Balakhany, covering additional
expenses for project management, as well as work on technical preparations for
future investment in the sector.

The project is planned to close on September 30, 2013. However, it is expected
to extend the project for three years until 30 September 2016 to complete the
works under the additional financing of the project.

The Solid Waste Management Project was approved by the WB's Board of Directors
in June 2008. A relevant loan agreement between the bank and Azerbaijan was
signed on May 20, 2009. The total project cost is $41.5 million of which $29.5
million falls to the WB's 20-year loan and the rest is funded by the government
of Azerbaijan.

Project activities are implemented in the following areas: institutional reform,
capacity building and management, regulation and management of the Balakhani
solid waste landfill, closure of other dumps and management, purchase of
equipment for the solid waste collection, preparation of an investment plan for
the period after the completion of the project.

According to research conducted by the WB and Economic Development Ministry, the
annual solid waste volume in Baku is 350 kilograms per capita.

The Azerbaijani capital is home to about one-fourth of the country's total
population of nine million, and landfills cannot receive solid waste of the
growing population forever. Moreover, the growing city cannot afford wasting
such large territories to collect garbage, which would be dangerous for nearby
residents.

To escape the waste problem the Solid Waste Sorting Plant and Baku Solid Waste
Incineration Plant were launched in Azerbaijan in December 2012.

The plant is expected to develop recycling business in the country and will
annually receive about 200,000 tons of solid waste, including glass, plastic,
paper and colored metal. Residue from the process will be an inert clinker,
which could be used as a construction material.

The incinerator will be an alternative source of energy production. It will be
able to produce 231.5 million kilowatts per year, which is enough to provide
50,000 households with electricity.

Since establishing cooperation with Azerbaijan in 1992, the World Bank has
financed 56 projects in various sectors of the economy for a total of $3.4
billion in loans and grants of the International Development Association (IDA)
and the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD). During
this period, the WB has allocated $42 million to Azerbaijan for the development
of projects and feasibility studies and the organization of training.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 Azer News Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              666 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                      Macon County Times, Lafayette, Tenn.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 7, 2011 Wednesday

Road sign theft more than just a nuisance

BYLINE: Deidre Wilson, Macon County Times, Lafayette, Tenn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 735 words


Dec. 07--Although no action was taken on the topic at Monday night's meeting,
the issue of road sign theft in the county was brought up when commissioners
discussed the minutes of a meeting of the county's Ambulance Service Committee,
which was held on Tue., Nov. 29.

Commissioner Larry Tucker says Macon County Emergency Medical Services Director
Randall Kirby mentioned during the committee meeting that the lack of road signs
on county roads lengthened the response time of ambulances trying to find
residences from where they had received calls.

"He says they're losing a world of time trying to find the house," said Tucker.

Macon County Mayor Shelvy Linville replied that it had been a problem for many
years.

Kirby says it is a common problem not only in Macon County, but, throughout the
state of Tennessee.

He says that the ambulances are equipped with GPS systems, but, if the weather
is severe, the GPS cannot get a satellite signal to operate.

They are also equipped with maps, but he says, once again, on stormy nights, the
issue is visibility.

With no marker to indicate where the road is, the ambulance drivers have trouble
finding roads in weather that creates low visibility.

"I had a crew one time that said that the only way they could find the road was
because they saw the post where the sign used to be," said Kirby.

Commissioners passed on to the full body meeting on Mon., Dec. 12, the following
items:

Budget Amendments

Industrial Development--$1100 reimbursement to the Chamber of Commerce from the
State of Tennessee for the Soil Conservationist office space rent for the months
of July, August and September.

Rabies and Animal Control--$261.97 reimbursement for supplies from donations
made to the dog pound.

CDBG--$9,086.85 reimbursement from the state for the 2009 Community Development
Block Grant waterline project.

Fire Alarm System--$59,931.73 moved from fund balance to pay for engineering and
installation for the new fire alarm system at the Macon County Justice Center as
approved by commissioners last month.

Resolutions

Building Codes--As mandated by the state, Macon County commissioners will vote
on the adoption of the 2006 International Building Code. Separate resolutions
have been drafted pertaining to both residential and commercial building codes.
A public hearing will be held on Dec. 12 during the County Commissioners'
meeting concerning the adoption of the codes. Currently, Macon County is
operating under the 2003 building codes.

Debt Management Policy--Also mandated by the state, Macon County Commissioners
passed on a resolution to the full body meeting creating a debt management
policy including mandatory provisions developed by the State Funding Board.
According to Mayor Linville, the commissioners must submit this resolution to
the state comptroller's office before the state will approve any resolutions
passed by the county legislative body concerning the borrowing of funds.

USDA Solid Waste Management Grant--Authorizes Advocates for the Upper
Cumberland, Inc. to submit an application on the county's behalf for a Solid
Waste Management Grant to USDA Rural Development in the amount of $1,768 for the
recycling program.

Other business

-- Permission for Mayor Linville look into what it would cost to post "No
Hunting" signs on the property where the old landfill is located.

-- To have property surveyed located on Rocky Mound Road belonging to Shane
Hackert and to proceed with the purchase of that land for a new building for the
West Macon Rescue Squad. The owner is asking $17,000 for approximately two acres
of land.

-- To defer voting on bidding out a building for the Lafayette Fire Department
tanker truck until the next meeting to give commissioners the opportunity to
review the specifications that were drawn up for the building.

-- To purchase a tanker truck for the Red Boiling Springs Fire Department when
Fire Chief Randy Hagan is able to find one he wants to purchase. Hagan says the
nearly 20-year-old tanker truck the city has now is almost inoperable.

-- To have Solid Waste Director Debbie Richardson Harper come to the next
meeting to discuss the possibility of adjusting the solid waste transfer
station's hours to make the facility's services more accessible to residents.

___ (c)2011 the Macon County Times (Lafayette, Tenn.) Visit the Macon County
Times (Lafayette, Tenn.) at www.maconcountytimes.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111207-1LY-Road-sign-theft-more-than-just-a-nuisance-1207-20111207

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LY


                                 Copyright 2011


                              667 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             July 7, 2005 Thursday
                          FIVE STAR LATE LIFT EDITION

County sets hearings on plan to stiffen trash transfer rules Proposal requires
showing need for additional facilities

BYLINE: BY PHIL SUTIN Of the Post-Dispatch

SECTION: SOUTH POST; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 585 words


St. Louis County has scheduled three public meetings on a proposed solid waste
plan that would stiffen requirements for new trash transfer stations.

The plan says the county has an adequate combination of transfer stations and
landfills to handle its solid waste. But it says "unique conditions such as
traffic, could require additional facilities." The document does not suggest
areas for new transfer stations.

The county should require applicants for new transfer stations to demonstrate
the need for the facility, the plan says. The county also should require
applicants to provide traffic studies, the document says.

Proposals by Fred Weber Inc. for a trash transfer station in Oakville have been
controversial. Station opponents have said the county needs need an up-to-date
plan for handling trash. The county hired R.W. Beck Inc. of Cincinnati in
January of last year to prepare such a document. At that time, the county
expected the solid waste study to take six months.

The plan also calls for sharply increasing fees for applications and operating
permits for landfills and trash transfer stations, but less than what Maximus, a
consulting firm, recommended last year in a study of all county fees. A year
ago, the County Council deferred action on trash facility fees. The current
application and licensing fee is $1,000.

Beck recommends that the county base its fees on the size of the facility. The
fees would range from $5,000 for a construction and demolition landfills that
handle 200 tons or less a day to $20,000 for waste processing facilities that
handle 1,001 tons or more a day.

The Maximus study said fees should range from $5,860 for a demolition landfill
application to $65,600 for a transfer station inspection. Beck says Maximus
emphasized the cost of evaluating a proposal for a new facility, but does not
take into account the lower cost of processing permit renewals.

On other matters, the plan calls for the county to:

- Study establishing zones in the unincorporated area where a single hauler
collects trash. Currently, residents in the unincorporated area must arrange for
their trash collection. Many municipalities have one hauler serve their
households. Trash hauling companies worry that single-hauler zones might put
some haulers out of business.

- Require that municipalities and others that receive grants to promote
recycling commit to purchasing recycled materials. The plan also recommends that
the county allow non-profit organizations to compete for grants.

- Provide grants or loans to help municipal or private trash haulers purchase
automated collection equipment.

- Consider constructing a facility to collect household hazardous waste,
possibly with a truck that could serve collection events. Beck estimates the
cost of constructing a facility at $655,000. It says the yearly operating cost
would be $520,000. The county could hire a private company to operate the
facility, Beck says.

---

Meeting schedule

- Richmond Heights: 6:30 p.m. July 18 at the Richmond Heights Community Center,
8001 Dale Avenue. It is aimed at people who had commented on the solid waste
plan in last year's meetings with consultants.

- Pine Lawn: 9:30 a.m. Aug. 2 at the county's North Central Community Health
Center, 4000 Jennings Station Road. It is for the waste hauling industry and
other groups concerned about solid waste.

- Maryland Heights: 6:30 p.m. Sept. 8 at the Maryland Heights Community Center,
2344 McKelvey Road. It will focus on proposed changes in the county's Solid
Waste Code.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              668 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           January 11, 2006 Wednesday
                            MARTIN-ST. LUCIE EDITION

GOVERNMENT

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 610 words


STUART - City commissioners Monday tentatively approved a 1.8 percent rate
increase for water and sewer services, an increase aimed at offsetting the
rising cost of electricity from Florida Power & Light Co. If commissioners give
second and final approval to the measure this month, the average residential
bill will increase about $1.27 a month beginning in March. A consultant
recommended the rate increase after the Florida Public Service commission
granted FPL a fuel-cost adjustment increase of 30 percent, which took effect
this month.

PORT ST. LUCIE - Nine months after the former utility director resigned in the
wake of a catastrophic plant failure, the St. Lucie West Services District has
hired a new manager to oversee water and sewer operations in St. Lucie West. Tom
Pound, who has managed a utility in New Port Richey the past 3 1/2 years, will
start in his new job Tuesday, replacing longtime utility manager George Morgan.
Morgan resigned in April, shortly after the community's water plant stopped
pumping water for two days. Pound has managed four utilities in the Southeast
and was city manager of Clarksville, Ga., in the mid-1970s. In unrelated action
at Tuesday's district board meeting, supervisors agreed to return utility
customers' $100 service deposits after two years as long as customers are in
good standing. Eligible customers could begin seeing credits on their bills as
early as February.

FORT PIERCE - St. Lucie County Commissioner Frannie Hutchinson filed papers
Tuesday to run for a third term in the District 4 commission seat. She was
reelected without opposition in 2002. Her Republican primary opponent is Fort
Pierce businessman Ken Waters, who was defeated by Commissioner Chris Craft in
2004.

The Martin County Commission took the following action Tuesday:

- Trash rates: Unanimously approved raising the solid-waste rates paid by county
residents by 3 percent. The two waste haulers that serve unincorporated
residents, Waste Management Inc. in the eastern half of the county and the
Indiantown Co. in the western half, both asked for rate hikes because of
increases in the price of fuel for their trucks. Starting in September, Waste
Management customers will pay 26 cents more per month and Indiantown Company
customers will pay 32 cents more per month.

- The Scripps Research Institute: Unanimously agreed to write a letter to the
Palm Beach County Commission supporting Palm Beach County's efforts to get The
Scripps Research Institute to build a new campus somewhere in Palm Beach County.
Commissioner Michael DiTerlizzi suggested writing a letter expressing Martin's
support for a campus located in northern Palm Beach County, saying it would
benefit residents in southern Martin. Commissioner Lee Weberman said he did not
want to get involved in another county's business.

- Hazardous materials grant: Unanimously agreed to accept a $76,000 federal
grant from the Department of Homeland Security to help train the Martin County
Hazardous Materials Response Team and pay for maintaining equipment.

- Renaming administrative center: Discussed a request from former Commissioner
Tom Kenny that the county rename its administrative center on Monterey Road in
Stuart after former Stuart Mayor Karl John Krueger Jr., who died on Jan. 2.
Chairman Susan Valliere said she would speak to members of the Krueger family
about the suggestion.

- Wild Turkey Lane: Unanimously agreed to authorize the county's engineering
department to assess properties on a private road, Wild Turkey Lane, about 13
miles west of Interstate 95, for the cost of paving the road. The road must be
paved for building permits to be issued for new homes.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  METRO REPORT

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.


                              669 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                            March 21, 2009 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Regional residents see taxes take jump

BYLINE: Mark Nielsen, The Citizen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 422  words


Fraser-Fort George Regional District directors approved an operating budget for
2009 on Thursday that will see the property tax levy for region-wide services
rise by 5.5 per cent to $8.9 million.

Most of the $472,741 hike will go to heritage conservation ($208,920), followed
by regional parks, ($87,210), regional grants-in-aid ($62,220), community
services ($52,230), administration ($31,840), 911 ($13,021) regional land use
planning ($10,410) and regional district board ($6,890).

The levy for solid waste management, a big ticket item in the budget, was held
steady at $1.7 million, as the additional $923,280 cost of operating the service
will be covered by increases to user fees. In all, the budget for solid waste
will be $7.2 million this year.

Fees and charges, including those for solid waste, will rise by $1.4 million
this year and will bring in $5.5 million worth of revenue, according to the
budget.

The levy for services shared only by the electoral areas will rise by $3,690 to
$771,950. The contribution to the Prince George public library, shared by all
except electoral area H (Robson Valley-Canoe) will rise 12 per cent to $225,400.

Changes in community grants-in-aid will range from a jump of $90,000 on
electoral area G (Crooked River-Parsnip) to a drop of $35,110 in electoral area
D (Tabor Lake-Stone Creek).

Changes to the levy will vary from electoral area to electoral area and from
municipality to municipality.

Electoral area A's (Salmon River-Lakes) will rise eight per cent, or $43,854, to
$591,243, electoral area C's (Chilako River-Nechako) will rise 5.8 per cent,or
$35,030, to $643,379, electoral area D's (Tabor Lake-Stone Creek) will drop 7.25
per cent, or $75,607, to $966,537, electoral area E's (Hixon-Woodpecker) will
rise 1.6 per cent, or $5,617, to $352,214, electoral area F's (Crooked
River-Parsnip) will rise 0.5 per cent, or $1,860, to $351,574, and electoral
area G's (Robson Valley-Canoe) will jump 12.9 per cent, or $137,912, to $1.2
million.

Looking at the municipalities, Prince George's share of the property tax
requisition will rise by 4.3 per cent, or $242,638, to $5.8 million, Mackenzie's
will drop 1.4 per cent, or $5,418, to $387,636, McBride's will rise 10.7 per
cent, or $26,003, to $269,183, and Valemount's will drop 3.9 per cent, or
$16,901, to $411,359.

All included, the property tax levy will rise by 1.6 per cent or $229,785, to
$14.5 million.

The regional district's total operating budget will amount to $25.3 million, a
$1.4-million or 5.8-per-cent increase over last year.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              670 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                              May 6, 2014, Tuesday

City Council approves single-stream recycling

BYLINE: Rachel Molenda, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P11A

LENGTH: 908 words


City residents will no longer have to separate their recyclables. Charleston's
City Council passed Monday night a single-stream recycling bill intended to make
the process easier.

Greg Sayre, who represents the West Virginia Association of Waste Haulers and
Recyclers, again spoke against the measure during Monday night's city council
meeting. While he acknowledged the benefits of single-stream collection of
recyclables, he said he is concerned about their processing. Sayre also said
George Hunyadi -owner of West Virginia Recycling Services at Slack Street - is
linked to now-bankrupt Pittsburgh Recycling Services. The Pittsburgh company
owned a now-closed recycling center with $3 million in debt, including $100,000
to the City of Pittsburgh, as reported in the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette.

"My concern is there is a, or has been, a legal relationship that the owner of
Pittsburgh Recycling Services, Mr. George Ward, is the founding member of West
Virginia Recycling Services, the company on Slack Street, Sayre said.

Hunyadi took over the Slack Street operation from the Kanawha Solid Waste
Authority last year.

The Solid Waste Authority shut the program down in March 2012 because of health
and safety concerns in the 100-year-old building where they sorted recyclables.

Councilwoman Kasey Russell, who is also a board member for the Kanawha County
Solid Waste Authority, said she didn't think Hunyadi and Ward had done business
together for a number of years.

"George Ward has been in the state once to my knowledge, Russell said. "They
have severed their relationship. He's never been in the Slack Street facility to
my knowledge. He hasn't been in Charleston since 2012.

Mayor Danny Jones addressed council and spoke of his time as an employee in the
city's refuse department when Charleston started collecting separated curbside
recycling.

"The one thing I noticed was that the area was a lot cleaner when we brought it
in separate, Jones said. "And that's what I hope the new West Virginia Recycling
will keep in mind. I'd like for it to be processed when it comes in and not turn
that place into a landfill.

Councilman Cubert Smith was also critical of Hunyadi and brought up his
relationships with other organizations and recycling.

"How can he run a recycling company when CAMC has already fired him - the
largest producer of recyclables in the city, Smith said on the floor. "Waste
Management has fired him, because he hasn't paid them.

Councilman Robert Sheets voted for the bill, but "with caution.

"Once we go single-stream, do we have a second place to take single-stream if
the recycler over here at the solid waste goes belly up? Sheets asked.

Russell said a recycler in Raleigh County the city used around the time Slack
Street shut down takes single-stream recycling. A recycling facility in Nitro
wouldn't take the city's recyclables even when they were separated, Russell
said.

Smith asked that council members table the bill, but it passed despite the
request. Smith and Councilman Bill Kirk voted against the measure. Kirk and
Smith have both spoken publicly against the measure in committee meetings.

In addition to taking single-stream recycling, the city will also pick up
cardboard. The city would also stop distributing recycling containers as of June
1, allowing residents to use clear plastic bags instead. An amendment was made
last week that would let those with recycling bins continue using them if they
wanted.

In other business, council:

-Approved the submission of an annual action plan to the U.S. Department of
Housing and Urban Development.

-Approved a grant submission to the Office of Economic Opportunity for the 2014
Emergency Solutions grant program. The grant would provide maintenance,
operating expenses and essential services, among others to: Covenant House,
Kanawha Valley Fellowship Home, Rea of Hope, RCCR-Samaritan Inn, Roark Sullivan
Lifeway Center, YWCA Sojourner's, YWCA Resolve Family Abuse and the Mayor's
Office of Economic and Community Development.

-Approved a grant application for $48,000 to the state's Department of Military
Affairs and Public Safety to purchase interoperable radios for the Charleston
Police Department. The city will also submit to DMAPS an application for $52,000
for wi-fi hotspot hardware, in-car cameras and SWAT equipment for the police
department.

-Approved a grant application to the U.S. Department of Justice for $575,000.
The funds would provide for the demolition of dilapidated buildings in the
city's Drug Market Intervention area on the West Side.

-Allowed the city to use a $53,000 grant from DMAPS for a generator at Cato
Park.

-Changed an order to Swank Construction Company, LLC, for repairs on the
Farnsworth Drive Bridge rehabilitation project. The order increased from
$625,213 to $634,830 because repairs are needed for a concrete parapet, and a
pedestrian fence needs to be replaced.

-Increased the order for repair of the Observatory Road slip project from
$60,000 to $75,600. The extra money will allow excavators to remove loose soil
and revegetate the slope to protect properties below the slip.

-Approved $27,250 to GAI Consultants in order to develop a master plan for Slack
Street Plaza.

-Approved $49,700 to TRC Engineer for the design and contract administration for
a Magic Island Overlook, which would be at the end of bike lanes that are part
of the Kanawha Trestle and Bikeway System.

Reach Rachel Molenda at rachel.molenda@wvgazette.com

or 304-348-5102.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              671 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             July 9, 2015 Thursday

Pakistan: Rs 474 mln budget of SSWMB approved

LENGTH: 238  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, July 9 -- The Sindh Solid Waste Management Board (SSWMB) budget of Rs
474 million was approved on Tuesday. The Sindh Chief Secretary, Muhammad
Siddique Memon, presided over the meeting. Managing Director of SSWMB, Roshan
Shaikh, while presenting the budget also gave a detailed briefing. Chief
Secretary directed that the work of solid waste management be speeded up and it
should be performed in a coordinated manner in consultation with the members of
the Board. Roshan Shaikh informed that the government of Sindh has allocated Rs.
474 million for the SSWMB as single line grant. This is outside the allocation
of Rs. 3.1 billion annual development programme for SSWMB for the fiscal
2015-16. He said that six garbage transfer stations would be constructed in
Karachi for which there is an allocation of Rs. 1.79 billion. Roshan further
stated that the solid waste management would be a coordinated programme which
will help give the city a cleaner look. He said that some private companies have
offered to generate electricity from the garbage. The EOI in this regard would
be opened tomorrow. The Chief Secretary directed that the solid management work
be pushed forward in Karachi and other cities of the province

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              672 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                           February 9, 2013 Saturday

Eel River Power Plant looks to reopen in spring; plant is still working out
issues

BYLINE: Grant Scott-Goforth/The Times-Standard

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 609 words


The shuttered biomass plant in Scotia may shudder to life in the next several
months.

Greenleaf Power, which owns and operates the plant, has been working with
Humboldt County officials to increase efficiencies and get back online.

The plant announced the "difficult but necessary" decision to close in October
2012, citing lack of a long-term power sales agreement, uncertainty regarding
state regulations, and the lack of a stable supply of wood fiber.

Greenleaf Power spokesman Matt Ross said the company hopes to have the plant
back to full operation and employment in May, since concerns about new
regulations from the North Coast Regional Water Quality Control Board have been
alleviated.

"Since that's resolved, that's one of the main reasons we can operate the
facility," he said.

Water board member John Corbett said a citizen expressed concern about the
amount of dioxins present in the ash byproduct of biomass plants. The board
directed staff to look into that concern, which eventually was determined not to
be a problem, according to Corbett.

"That got heavily perceived that they would take action," Corbett said. "The
uncertainty about making regulations is what caused the concern."

Other factors facing the plant remain.

"They have to deal -- of course -- with their own economics, source of fuel and
adhering to the rules," Corbett said.

Ross said the Eel River Power Plant expects to hire more than 20 people. A small
staff remained employed during the plant's closure.

First District Supervisor Rex Bohn said the county building department has been
guiding Greenleaf Power in ways that will help the Eel River Power Plant
increase efficiency and operation.

Bohn said the Eel River Plant was having some wood waste delivered, and the
county was helping with fuel flow issues.

Before closing, Solid Waste of Willits supplied the Eel River Power Plant with
fuel materials, which helped subsidize the recycling company's trips to haul
recycling for the Humboldt Waste Management Authority.

Three years ago, the Humboldt Waste Management Authority entered into a
five-year contract with Solid Waste of Willits, which underbid longtime
contractor Arcata Community Recycling Center to process HWMA's recycling.

Willits was able to bid low on the contract partly because it hauled biomass
collected in Mendocino to the Eel River plant. When the Eel River plant closed,
concerns were raised that costs to HWMA would rise if a contract with Solid
Waste of Willits was renewed.

Solid Waste of Willits owner Jerry Ward said the company hauled a few loads of
material to Blue Lake Power after Eel River Power closed, but for the most part,
were driving empty trucks one way.

"We're hopeful that changes soon," Ward said, adding that Greenleaf Power is
coming to see if Solid Waste of Willits material meets its needs. "Assuming
everything goes well, we'll begin hauling."

Ross said Eel River Power's other issues are still being resolved.

Pacific Gas and Electric spokeswoman Brittany McKannay said a long-term power
sales agreement is still being negotiated.

"While they continue to work with Greenleaf Power, everything right now is under
that confidentiality agreement," McKannay said.

Bohn said the closure left a "big cloud" over Scotia, and was pleased to work
with Greenleaf Power toward reopening the plant.

"That's great stuff," Bohn said.

Info box:

What is biomass?

Biomass power plants produce energy by burning combustible waste. In Humboldt
County, this waste is typically made up of scraps from mills, construction and
green waste collected from residences and businesses.

Grant Scott-Goforth can be reached at 441-0514
orgscott-goforth@times-standard.com .

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              673 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 6, 2016 Wednesday

Kentucky: City Commission Meeting Highlights, January 5, 2016

LENGTH: 361  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Frankfort: City of Paducah, The state of Kentucky has issued the following news
release:



 Establishment of Account with Freedom Waste Service, LLC



 The Paducah Board of Commissioners approved a municipal order to establish an
account with Freedom Waste Service, LLC for the receiving, handling, and
disposing of municipal solid waste.  The City's agreement with the prior
provider, Republic Services, expired December 31, 2015.  This account allows the
City to take its municipal solid waste to Freedom's Mayfield facilities while
the City negotiates a long-term contract with Freedom for solid waste services.
In October 2015, the City accepted proposals from companies interested in
providing solid waste services for Paducah.





 City Manager Jeff Pederson also announced the City will be offering a temporary
drop-point location for recyclables beginning Monday, January 11 at the open lot
adjacent to the Public Works facility.

 2015-2016 Assistance to Firefighters Grant



 The Paducah Board of Commissioners approved a municipal order to apply for the
Assistance to Firefighters Grant through the Department of Homeland Security.
The City is requesting a $86,580 grant which would require a match from the City
in the amount of $9620.  If awarded, the grant would be used for Paducah to be a
host site for the Fire Ground Survival training program including the purchase
of training materials and equipment.  This is a train-the-trainer program.  The
funding also would be used to train 20 firefighters.  The Fire Ground Survival
program trains firefighters to perform potentially life-saving actions if they
become lost, disoriented, injured, low on air, or trapped.

 Quick Highlights



     Keith Petraitis appointed to the Historical & Architectural Review
Commission.

     The Paducah Board of Commissioners, City Manager, and Directors are looking
to hold a workshop tentatively scheduled for the first Saturday in February to
review City projects and work through a method of prioritizing them.
Discussions on project funding also will be held.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              674 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                January 12, 2005

Call for answers over landfill reduction

BYLINE: Laura Grant

SECTION: News; Environment; Conservation; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 251 words


A North-east politician is calling on the Scottish Executive to clarify its
position on waste disposal and plans to reduce the amount of rubbish sent to
landfill.  Aberdeen North MSP Brian Adam has tabled a number of parliamentary
questions over concerns that not enough is being done to help the country reach
the targets that were set for landfill reduction by 2013.

He is calling for more radical ways of tackling the waste problem and has asked
ministers if they intend to introduce legislation to cut down on the amount of
packaging used by manufacturers and what research they have carried out into the
use of various plants to help dispose of domestic and commercial waste.

Mr Adam said: "Aberdeen City produces approximately 100,000 tonnes of domestic
waste every year and only has five years of landfill capacity left.

"The council is making more in-roads than most local authorities with the
phasing in of kerbside recycling and composting collections, but unfortunately
even when these schemes are rolled out across the city many thousands of tonnes
of waste that cannot be recycled or composted will have to be disposed of by
other means." The SNP member has also asked ministers what capital investment
they intend to make into new waste disposal technologies and is questioning the
government over the possibility of changing legislation to allow conventional
power stations to use rubbish as fuel in an effort to cut the volume of rubbish
sent to landfill every year.


LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2005 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              675 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 4, 1990, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

New York Leads Way On Solid Waste

SECTION: Section A; Page 16, Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 201 words

It has been twice updated since and is the model for other states, as well as
the basis for proposals pending in Congress to amend Federal solid-waste law.

In 1988, we adopted regulations to assure that solid-waste facilities are safe,
acceptable neighbors, whether they are recycling facilities, landfills or
waste-to-energy plants. In 1988, we mandated source separation in all New York
communities by 1992, leading the country.

The Governor's proposed 21st century environmental quality bond will raise $625
million (including $100 million from the 1986 act for matching grants to close
nonhazardous municipal landfills) to assist New York local governments in
recycling and proper management of solid waste, an effort that is well beyond
that of any other state.

THOMAS C. JORLING, Commissioner
Environmental Conservation
Albany, Aug. 16,1990

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company


                              676 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     Hendricks County Flyer (Avon, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 5, 2008 Tuesday

Senior center takes steps to reduce, reuse, and recycle

BYLINE: Brenda Holmes, Hendricks County Flyer, Avon, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 555 words


Aug. 5--DANVILLE -- The regular lunch crowd at the Hendricks County Senior
Center is enjoying new dishes, thanks to a grant from the Hendricks County Solid
Waste Management District.

The senior center received $2,540 to purchase dishes and flatware to be used
during the lunch program and other events.

Sharon Severy of the senior center helped secure the grant, which they deemed
the "Let's Get Real" project. In the grant application, Severy pointed out that
during 2007 the senior center served nearly 7,200 meals as part of the lunch
program and another 1,000 meals for special events. That number translates into
32,000 pieces of dinnerware and an additional 24,000 pieces of plastic flatware.

The goal of the project was to eliminate as much paper and plastic waste from
the landfill as possible.

Lenn Detwiler, executive director of the Hendricks County Solid Waste Management
District, said the grant was awarded as part of the Community Grants Project and
that the senior center's application embodied the district's goal to reduce
waste.

"We've earmarked $50,000 a year to be granted to organizations in the
community," Detwiler said. "We do this in two different grant cycles so we have
$25,000 available this fall for more projects."

He said any non-profit agency, school, or church qualifies for the grants. Those
applying are charged with showing how receiving grant money would help them to
reduce waste. There is a $5,000 cap for each project.

Applications for the fall cycle are due by Aug. 15. For more information, visit
the website at www.hendrickssolidwaste.com.

"What makes this project so cool (at the senior center) is that it works on
waste reduction," Detwiler said.

He said in the hierarchy of ways to reduce pollution, the reduction of waste
products is one of the top priorities.

"By using this dinnerware, they will no longer have all that waste after each
meal," he added.

Kitchen Manager Karen Kreighbaum had to be the first person on board to make the
grant a reality.

"I had to be willing to wash all these dishes," she said. "And I am happy to do
it. I think using real dishes makes the meal even more homey for the people who
come every day."

Detwiler said he learned that it was also making it easier for the senior
citizens who eat at the center because the dishes are more sturdy and easier to
transport.

"Another added bonus is that on the table clothes the dishes stay put,"
Kreighbaum said. "It makes it easier for the senior, especially for those who
have trouble when eating because they have something like Parkinson's. It's
really been great."

Severy reminds all in the community that there is also a recycling bin in the
center's parking lot. The bin is a collection site for newspapers and other
paper products, with proceeds benefiting Hendricks County Senior Services.

"We are trying to do our part in recycling and eliminating waste," she said.

brenda.holmes@flyergroup.com

To see more of the Hendricks County Flyer or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://flyergroup.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Hendricks County Flyer, Avon, Ind.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080805-FX-Senior-center-takes-steps-to-reduce-reuse-and-recycle-0805

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FX


                                 Copyright 2008


                              677 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           The Times of Central Asia

                            March 21, 2015 Saturday

World Bank helps improve public services for Tajikistans population

LENGTH: 438  words


The World Bank Groups Board of Executive Directors has approved a grant of US
$13.5 million to finance the Tajikistan Communal Services Development Fund
Project aimed at improved delivery of basic municipal services for the
population. The project builds on previous World Bank financed investments and
reforms in municipal sector, which have already benefited over one million
residents of Dushanbe and secondary towns, the World Bank said.

"Secondary towns in Tajikistan have large municipal infrastructure needs, with
80 percent of infrastructure requiring rehabilitation," said Patricia-Veevers
Carter, World Bank Country Manager in Tajikistan.

"The new project will benefit the population of these towns, including the poor,
by providing improved water, on-site sanitation and solid waste management
services as well as street lighting and roads. Furthermore, given the large
funding needs, the project will set up a Communal Services Development Fund,
which will pool national and donor resources to support a sustained investment
program in the municipal sector."

The Communal Services Development Fund Project will support municipal and
communal infrastructure improvements, as well as enhance the capacity of local
governments and service providers for better service delivery for local
residents.

These services include clean drinking water, sanitation, solid waste management,
street lighting and local roads. Over 100,000 will benefit from physical
infrastructure investments in Hissor, Konibodom, Dangara, Sarband, Vose and
Fakhor. The project will also increase the efficiency of municipalities and
local service providers through support in development of local investment
plans, management of utility facilities, improved billings and collections and
engagement of residents in management and maintenance of investments.

An important component of the project is support to the Government of Tajikistan
in establishing a Communal Services Development Fund - a mechanism which will
combine national and donor resources to support more efficient longer term
financing and delivery of communal services for the population. The project will
be implemented over the next four years by the State Unitary Enterprise
"Khojagii Manziliu Kommunali".

Apart from this new project, the World Banks engagement in the municipal sector
of Tajikistan includes two ongoing projects - the Second Dushanbe Water Supply
Project and the Additional Financing for Municipal Infrastructure Development
Project to address the challenges in water, sanitation and solid waste
management through institutional reforms and infrastructure investments.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Times of Central Asia
                              All Rights Reserved


                              678 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            June 26, 2013 Wednesday

Trash hauler seeks state aid for landfill improvements

BYLINE: by TORY N. PARRISH

LENGTH: 485 words


Waste Management Inc. is seeking $100 million in tax-exempt, low-interest bonds
through a state agency to finance improvements this year at 16 Pennsylvania
landfills and recycling centers, including six local sites.

The Houston-based company is asking to borrow money through the Pennsylvania
Economic Development Financing Authority, which would issue bonds that Waste
Management would repay, authority spokesman Edward Jordan said. The company
would not receive a direct grant of taxpayer money. A public hearing on the bond
application will take place on Wednesday in Harrisburg.

The planned work is worrisome to some residents who live near the Monroeville
Landfill, one of the local sites.

The company's blasting last year during an expansion of the landfill brought
complaints about noise and tremors, said John Bova, vice president of Pitcairn
Council.

"The hill just keeps looming larger and larger. And knowing what we know about
big business, there's no reason to believe that it's not going to do anything
except get bigger and bigger," Bova said.

Waste Management intends to construct and cap cells, or sections of landfills,
at sites that include Monroeville, South Hills Landfill in South Park, Valley
Landfill in Penn Township, Northwest Sanitary Landfill in Butler County,
Evergreen Landfill in Indiana County and Arden Landfill in Chartiers, company
spokeswoman Erika Deyarmin said.

When a section is filled to its permitted capacity, it is capped and planted
with native vegetation, she said. Leachate, a liquid composed of rainwater and
decomposing waste that filtered through the landfill, is collected and treated
for disposal.

"The cap stabilizes and protects the structure, prevents erosion, keeps
precipitation out of the landfill, and provides a stable, long-term cover,"
Deyarmin wrote in an email.

Waste Management, which reported an $817 million profit on $13.65 billion in
revenue for 2012, is eligible for tax-exempt bonds because the IRS provides an
interest exemption for landfills, said Lisa A. Chiesa, a partner at
Downtown-based Clark Hill Thorp Reed who specializes in municipal finance law.
She was not involved in Waste Management's application.

The state provides a tax exemption if an industrial development authority
applies for the financing, she said, as the Bucks County authority did for Waste
Management.

Though taxpayers would not be responsible for paying back Waste Management's
bond debt, the financing is similar to a government subsidy, said Sara Davis
Buss, a public finance attorney with Downtown law firm Campbell & Levine LLC,
who is not involved in the application.

The government allows subsidies for such things as landfills, airports and
colleges, Buss said, with the intent "to encourage people to invest in these
projects because we need them."

Tory N. Parrish is a Trib Total Media staff writer. Reach her at 412-380-5662 or
tparrish@tribweb.com

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              679 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             August 14, 2015 Friday

Improving Environmental Sanitation in Coastal Cities in Vietnam

LENGTH: 569  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Coastal Cities Environmental Sanitation Project provided drainage,
wastewater collections and treatment plants as well solid waste management
facilities and conducted a comprehensive capacity building program in the cities
of Dong Hoi, Quy Nhon and Nha Trang. More than 800,000 citizens benefited from
the project with about 250,000 benefiting from reduced flooding. More than
800,000 citizens now enjoy improved solid waste management service, 66,500
students have better schools sanitation facilities; and 8,452 poor families have
benefited from the received revolving fund for upgrading their toilets.

Challenge

Vietnam is one of the fastest urbanizing countries in the region, largely due to
rural urban migration. Urbanization is fuelling economic growth but it also adds
to the challenges to cities' abilities to provide efficient service delivery and
adequate infrastructure, especially liquid and solid wastes, and drainage.

Urban wastewater and storm waters were discharged without treatment through
combined systems to nearby watercourses. Due to lack of maintenance, flooding
was common in urban centers and large sections of these combined networks.
Constructed decades ago, these needed rehabilitation.

Solution

The project used an integrated and innovative approach to address the challenges
that include the following:
o    Take an investment-phased approach and select appropriate technologies.
o    Mark household connections and collection systems as crucial elements.
o    Enhance project/contractual management.
o    Conduct compensation and resettlement processes in a timely and consistent
manner.
o    Promote efficient institutional and regulatory arrangements at the local
level. Financial commitment and address cost recovery issues.
o    Place Information-Education-Communication (IEC) program for WW/SWM tariffs
increase and behavior change as a top priority, to include community
participation and the establishment of environmental learning centers in the
participating cities.

Results

o    By the end of 2014, the project helped: i) reduce the incidence and
severity of flooding for 255,000 people; ii) provide solid waste collection for
an additional 800,000 people; iii) provide better access to improved sanitation
for more than 800,000 citizen; iv) provide better school sanitation to 66,500
students; and, v) provide a revolving fund to 8,400 poor families for upgrading
their toilets and sanitation connections.
o    A GEF grant, together with financing from the project, enabled the
successful completion of a 14,000 m3/day capacity waste water treatment plant at
Quy Nhon, which benefited about 60,000 people.
o    The project supported the strengthening of Urban Environment Companies with
a comprehensive program to produce accounting systems, operation and maintenance
manual, a regulatory framework for private sector participation, environmental
monitoring and human resource training, for better service provision.
o    The project has played a catalytic role in the promulgation of important
legal frameworks that help to strengthen the institutional setup of
environmental sanitation in Vietnam, with clear mandates, source of revenue and
with the right instrument for enforcement.

Bank Group Contribution

The World Bank's IDA provided $190 million, together with a trust fund from the
Japanese government of $4.6 million and a Global Environment Fund (GEF) grant of
$5 million.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              680 of 995 DOCUMENTS


           The Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 21, 2010 Wednesday

Clark County Solid Waste still looking for answers to billing mobile homes and
apartments

BYLINE: Braden Lammers, The Evening News and the Tribune, Jeffersonville, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 969 words


Apr. 21--SOUTHERN INDIANA -- The Clark County Solid Waste Management District is
still looking for answers on how to bill traditionally non-permanent residents,
as apartment complex billing and mobile home park billing continue to cause
issues for the Solid Waste Board of Directors.

In previous meetings the board had expressed the desire to send one bill to the
owner of the mobile home park. Instead, bills are being sent out to individual
addresses within the mobile home parks.

"Most of the trailer parks in Clark County are being billed individually, which
is a nightmare to collect from across the board," said Brad Parham, operations
manager for Unique Management Services Inc., who provides billing service for
the solid waste district.

Some bills are overdue and others are still being sent for residents that are no
longer at the parks or are part-time residents.

The adjustment would allow the district to bill mobile home parks in a similar
manner to the billing system for apartment complexes where one bill was sent to
the owner of the property.

"We just sent the bills out so this would be an ideal time to wipe the slate
clean," said board member Tom Galligan.

The problem is how the district would determine a charge because all of the
available slots may not be used at a particular park.

"We roll through there and there might be, maybe, at the most 20-25 people in
that park and like you are stating, they're not there all the time," said Fred
Collins, regional director for Inland Service Corporation referring to one
mobile home park with approximately 100 slots.

Even for the longer-term mobile home park units it is still difficult to collect
the bills.

A group within the solid waste board, consisting of board President Ron Grooms,
board member Greg Isgrigg, Executive Director Luke Etheridge, Controller Jeff
Cox and Collins, will determine how to charge those parks possibly on a
percentage or on an average of occupancy.

"We'll sit down and get an inventory of the mobile home parks and we'll go from
there," Grooms said. "We'll try and work out something that's fair."

But residents at apartment complexes throughout Clark County are still creating
billing issues for the district.

Thirteen apartment complexes that have continued to be a part of the recycling
program have not paid their bills for 2009, totaling an amount owed at $5,685.

To address the complexes that are behind in payment Unique will resend invoices
with a 30-day timeline to pay the amount owed for 2009.

The complexes are being charged a rate of $5 per unit in each complex for
recycling service.

It was suggested by board member Mike Moore to impose a penalty of $25 per unit
if the complexes have not paid beyond the 30-day deadline.

Another penalty was suggested by Galligan.

"If they decided to not pay it because they didn't like the deal, then they go
back to the original deal where they pay per unit," he said.

The previous per unit cost was $34 per year.

If the complexes pay on time no additional penalty will be incurred from their
2009 bill.

"We're giving them a break," Grooms said of not having a late charge.

However, if the deadline is missed the charge of $25 per unit will be imposed,
and if the $25 fee is deemed illegal, the billing will revert to the former $34
per unit price.

The motion to send the bill with the 30-day time frame with the outlined
penalties was unanimously approved.

In other business:

--In a three  month comparison between 2009 and 2010 the net revenues for the
Clark County Solid Waste District were down for the current year.

However, the figures are slightly misleading as the district did not receive a
$100,000 task force grant in 2010 that it did receive in 2009.

"It actually looks like we're behind a little bit, but really we're not," Cox
said. "We're actually ahead of last year."

With the task force grant 2009 net revenues were approximately $509,000 and 2010
net revenues are about $422,000.

Without including the grant in the revenues from 2009 the district is up about
$13,000 over last year.

Another change included a slight increase in salaries as the solid waste
district has an additional part-time employee it did not have in 2009.

Collections have also increased $20,000 in curbside recycling, largely due to
the rate increase.

--An interlocal agreement being sought with the town of Sellersburg is expected
to be accepted at the town council's next meeting.

At its last meeting the Sellersburg town council questioned what would happen if
the town chose to withdrawal from the contract before the deal expires.

The issue was a paragraph that was left out of the contract and is being
corrected.

The term of the deal, if it is approved, would be five-years.

--The role of a citizens advisory committee to the solid waste board was
discussed during the meeting because of inactivity.

Lack of participation was tied to a cut in funding for the advisory committee,
which had previously received a small amount for each meeting held.

"We eliminated funding so that pretty much eliminated participation," said board
member Ed Meyer.

In an attempt to keep a public advisory committee, the board will likely seek
public participation for those interested in serving in that capacity.

"As long as it's cost prohibitive the general sentiment seems to be to try and
recruit members to serve in some type of advisory position," Grooms said.

To see more of The Evening News and The Tribune, or to subscribe to the
newspapers, go to http://www.news-tribune.net. Copyright (c) 2010, The Evening
News and the Tribune, Jeffersonville, Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100421-JB-Clark-County-Solid-Waste
-still-looking-for-answers-to-billing-mobile-homes-and-apartments-0421

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JB


                Copyright 2010 The Evening News and The Tribune


                              681 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             June 30, 2012 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

Gwinnett;
Gwinnett

BYLINE: Nancy Badertscher, David Wickert, Karen Huppertz, Michael Alpert; Staff,
For the AJC

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 490 words


Reeve Foundation helps adapted sports program

Gwinnett County Public Schools announced Friday that it has received a $5,600
Quality of Life grant from the Christopher & Dana Reeve Foundation. The award
was one of 69 grants totaling almost $425,000 given by the Reeve Foundation to
non-profit groups, providing more opportunities, access, and daily quality of
life for individuals living with paralysis, their families, and caregivers. The
program has awarded $15.6 million in grants since 1999. GCPS' adapted sports
program will use the grant to purchase sport wheelchairs so students with
physical disabilities will be able to participate in competitive athletics.
NANCY BADERTSCHER

Company expands Duluth operations

Manufacturer OLI has added a new assembly operation its Duluth facility.

The company makes industrial motors and flow acids. On Thursday OLI celebrated
its expansion on Buford Highway, which is expected to create 14 jobs and involve
an investment of $1.2 million over the next three years. DAVID WICKERT

Registration deadline for primary is Monday

The deadline to register to vote in the July 31 General Primary election is
Monday. Registered voters may request an absentee ballot by mail or cast their
ballots in person 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. weekdays July 9-27 at the Elections Office,
455 Grayson Highway, Lawrenceville. Information: www.gwinnettelections.com.
KAREN HUPPERTZ

Warrant sweep nets 43 suspects and pot

Gwinnett County sheriff's deputies said that a recent warrant sweep trying to
clear up a backlog of hundreds of misdemeanor warrants netted 43 suspects and
also uncovered some things they weren't even looking for --- marijuana.

In one incident, John Nicholas and Michale Nicholas were charged with
manufacturing marijuana. Deputies said they seized grow lights, a .22-caliber
handgun and more than 2 pounds of marijuana.

In a separate incident, deputies told Channel 2 that after smelling marijuana at
another residence, a search led to the arrest Lewis Gray and Kenyanna Gray after
seizing marijuana, plastic baggies, digital scales and a handgun. STAFF REPORTS

Solid Waste earns international award

The Solid Waste Association of North America awarded Gwinnett County's Solid
Waste and Recovered Materials Division the Silver Excellence Award in
Communication for excellence in the creation and implementation of individual
communication tools that inform target audiences about solid waste management
programs, projects or organizations. STAFF REPORTS

Suwanee campout set for this weekend

Suwanee's Great American Campout at Sims Lake Park offers campers 10-by-20-foot
sites from 6 p.m. today to 8 a.m. Sunday for $25.

Activities at the 62-acre park at Suwanee Dam and Tench Roads begin at 7 p.m.
Participants may bring tents, sleeping bags, food and non-alcoholic drinks.

The city will provide portable bathrooms and lighting until 10:30 p.m. For
information, call 770-945-8996 or visit suwanee.com. MICHAEL ALPERT FOR THE AJC

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2012 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              682 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 28, 2011 Saturday

BRIEF: County to apply for state grant

BYLINE: Keith Lawrence, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 250 words


May 28--Daviess County will apply for part of the $780,000 Gov. Steve Beshear
has made available in emergency grants to help 26 flood-damaged counties clean
up solid waste left over from the recent floods, Judge-Executive Al Mattingly
said Thursday.

"As flood waters recede and cleanup begins, sanitary disposal of damaged
property can become a tremendous burden on counties and their citizens," Beshear
said in a news release. "These emergency funds will assist those affected by the
floods in properly disposing of flood-damaged items."

Counties may receive up to $30,000, depending on their assessment of the cost to
deal with the solid waste generated by flooding in their counties, the
governor's office said.

The counties that get the grants have to provide a 25 percent match.

Funding for the grants comes from a $1.75 environmental remediation fee for each
ton of garbage disposed of at solid waste facilities.

The state said it won't know how much of a grant each county will get until all
applications are received.

Eligible counties in this area include Daviess, McLean and Ohio.

Keith Lawrence, 691-7301,

klawrence@messenger-inquirer.com

To see more of the Messenger-Inquirer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.messenger-inquirer.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Messenger-Inquirer,
Owensboro, Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110528-OW-BRF-County-to-apply-for-state-grant-0528-20110528

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2011 Messenger-Inquirer


                              683 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Iowa State Legislature bill updates: HOUSE FILE 355

LENGTH: 534  words

DATELINE: Des Moines


Iowa State Legislature has issued the following bill updates:


House File 355 - Introduced HOUSE FILE 355 BY ISENHART A BILL FOR An Act
relating to food waste landfill diversion demonstration 1 projects and making an
appropriation. 2 BE IT ENACTED BY THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE STATE OF IOWA: 3
TLSB 1259YH (1) 86 tr/nh
H.F. 355 Section 1. FOOD WASTE LANDFILL DIVERSION DEMONSTRATION 1 PROJECTS.

2 1. There is appropriated from the general fund of the state 3 to the
department of natural resources for the fiscal year 4 beginning July 1, 2015,
and ending June 30, 2016, the following 5 amount, or so much thereof as is
necessary, to be used for the 6 purposes designated: 7 For providing grants to
solid waste agencies for food waste 8 landfill diversion demonstration projects:
9 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . $ 200,000 10 2. Demonstration project grants shall be used
to subsidize 11 municipal or private solid waste agencies to partially 12 offset
the costs of collecting and transporting food waste 13 for composting or
anaerobic digestion until route density or 14 collected tonnage allow the
collection and transportation to 15 become economically self-supporting. 16 3. A
demonstration project grant awarded pursuant to 17 this section shall be for a
demonstration project to divert 18 commercial, institutional, and industrial
food waste from a 19 landfill. Under a competitive application process, a solid
20 waste agency may apply for a grant amount of up to 50 percent 21 of the
project costs, as matched by a cash contribution from 22 the solid waste agency,
not to exceed $50,000. At least two 23 grants shall be awarded to applicants
with an existing food 24 waste composting facility or an anaerobic digestion
facility 25 targeting food residuals in their territory and at least 26 two
grants shall be awarded to applicants establishing such 27 facilities on or
after July 1, 2015. 28 EXPLANATION 29 The inclusion of this explanation does not
constitute agreement with 30 the explanation's substance by the members of the
general assembly. 31 This bill relates to food waste landfill diversion 32
demonstration projects. 33 The bill appropriates $200,000 to the department of
natural 34 resources for providing grants for food waste landfill 35 -1- LSB
1259YH (1) 86 tr/nh 1/ 2
H.F. 355 diversion demonstration projects. A grant shall be for a 1
demonstration project to divert commercial, institutional, and 2 industrial food
waste from a landfill. Under a competitive 3 application process, a solid waste
agency may apply for a grant 4 amount of up to 50 percent of the project costs,
as matched by 5 a cash contribution from the solid waste agency, not to exceed 6
$50,000. At least two grants shall be awarded to applicants 7 with an existing
food waste composting facility or an anaerobic 8 digestion facility targeting
food residuals in their territory 9 and at least two grants shall be awarded to
applicants 10 establishing such facilities on or after July 1, 2015. 11 -2- LSB
1259YH (1) 86 tr/nh 2/ 2

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              684 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Crossville Chronicle (Tennessee)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             January 4, 2013 Friday

TDEC grant awarded to county for single-stream recycling program

BYLINE: Gary Nelson, Crossville Chronicle, Tenn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 610 words


Jan. 04--CROSSVILLE -- Cumberland County has been initially approved to receive
two grants from the state for the county's solid waste and sanitation
department. One of the grants totaling $300,000 will go toward building and
implementing a single-stream recycling line.

During December's Cumberland County Commission meeting the commission approved a
motion to suspend the rules and add a motion for accepting the grants and
allowing Cumberland County Mayor Kenneth Carey Jr. to sign and file the
paperwork on behalf of the county.

Mike Harvel, 7th District commissioner and employee of the county's solid waste
and recycling department, told the commission that the county had gotten
notification from the state they were approved for two grants, but would need to
have the paperwork taken care of and remitted back to the state by Jan. 4, 2013.

The other grant is a $20,000 grant for the purchase of a new forklift for the
recycling center.

"We have the congratulations letter that we've been approved, but we just have
to finish the paperwork and complete everything by the fourth of January,"
Harvel said.

Harvel made a presentation to the county's environmental committee last October
and the committee authorized Harvel authority to pursue the single-stream
recycling line project and to apply for the grants.

Harvel and Tom Breeden, Cumberland County Solid Waste director, estimated

the cost to be roughly $734,000 to get the program started, including the
purchase of all the equipment and the building to house the line.

The building will be located where the current recycling facility is on Maryetta
St. in Crossville.

Harvel said the grants from the state would cover a large portion of the project
-- leaving the county to pay for the remaining $419,000.

However, the remaining funds to cover the cost of setting up the facility and
program are available in the county's solid waste department's fund balance.

Harvel told the committee he and Breeden were hoping to start the program
without any borrowed money and using county inmates for sorting recyclables on
the conveyor line.

"It really is a win-win for the county. We're going to save more money in
tipping fees and produce more revenue for the county by having more
recyclables," Harvel said.

In October Harvel and Breeden gave a rough, low estimate that once the
single-stream line is established, it could net the county nearly $400,000
revenue in sales of recyclable materials and save roughly $124,000 in tipping
fees for a total savings of more than $500,000.

Harvel said he and Breeden plan to work with Fairfield Glade, the city of
Crossville and other communities to possibly implement a curbside recycling
pickup program as well.

Second District commissioner Nancy Hyder moved to allow Cumberland County Mayor
Kenneth Carey Jr. to sign and accept the grants on behalf of the county and to
proceed with the grant process.

It was supported by Dave Hassler, 3rd District commissioner, and approved
unanimously. Harvel abstained from the vote citing his employment with the
county's solid waste department.

Both grants are from the Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation
(TDEC).

Harvel is scheduled to make a presentation about the program to the county's
budget committee during its meeting Jan. 8 at 4:30 p.m. in the Cumberland County
Courthouse in the small courtroom. The public is welcome to attend.

County commissioners Johnny Presley, 3rd District, and Larry Allen, 6th
District, did not attend the meeting.

___ (c)2013 the Crossville Chronicle (Crossville, Tenn.) Visit the Crossville
Chronicle (Crossville, Tenn.) at crossville-chronicle.com/ Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130104-XV-TDEC-grant
-awarded-to-county-for-single-stream-recycling-program-0104-20130104

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XV


                      Copyright 2013 Crossville Chronicle


                              685 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         Cheney Free Press (Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 13, 2014

Airway Heights asks for solid waste proposals

BYLINE: Cheney Free Press staff

LENGTH: 539  words


The Airway Heights City Council took a step forward in regards to the city's
solid waste management at the March 10 study session.

City Manager Albert Tripp presented a draft of the Spokane County Solid Waste
Interlocal Agreement. He said the agreement has been the same in the past, with
the exception that all of the assets that were owned by Spokane are now owned by
Spokane County, who will control the regional solid waste system in November.

Tripp added that the city could put out a request for proposal that would allow
other companies to compete for garbage services to the city.

Mayor Patrick Rushing said he disagrees with the $9.9 million the county is
asking residents to pay for the system. He also said that some people have
approached him saying they can do the city's garbage services for less money.

"By doing the request for proposal, we will find who can do it cheaper," Rushing
said.

Rushing added that Sunshine Disposal and Recycling Services has a transfer
station the city could use and that Waste Management Northwest Inc. could build
one.

Councilman Barron Williamson suggested the city proceed into looking at
different options.

Rushing said the city's proposal covers the eight elements that are under state
law. Tripp said he would bring a copy of the proposal to the March 24 study
session.

At the start of the study session, Tripp brought up an ordinance that would
amend the Airway Heights Municipal Code for cat management. The amendment gives
Spokanimal the capability to pick up and detain the cats, though "there may be a
cost to the city." Cats would be impounded for 72 hours and diseased or injured
would be euthanized.

Councilman Doyle Inman suggested the ordinance be put in the city newsletter to
inform the public. Iman added that there should be a public meeting to allow
citizens a chance to voice their opinion.

Tripp proposed the reappointment of Jack Grady to the Lodging Tax Advisory
Committee (LTAC). He also said there were two applicants for the last open
position on the committee: Dan Garcia and Erin Ribic.

Rushing said either candidate would be a good choice. Williamson suggested the
applicants write a statement on how the city will benefit from having them on
the LTAC. Tripp suggested they be invited to the March 17 City Council meeting
and give their speeches in person.

Tripp also brought up a draft of the Community Development Block Grant
Consortium agreement and a proposal to set aside a specific fund for equipment
replacement.

Parks, Recreation and Community Services Supervisor J.C. Kennedy brought a
proposal for a resolution proclaiming

April 26 as the city's "Arbor Day." He informed the council that he is working
to coordinate the Arbor Day activities with the tree planting in Aspen Grove
Park.

Tripp brought up a second reading for the Interlocal Agreement with the Kalispel
Tribe for law enforcement.

There were also second readings for several resolutions, one that authorized
investment in a local government investment pool, another that recognizes Kids
to Park Day and one in regards to the updates to the administrative fees.

Al Stover can be reached at al@cheneyfreepress.com

"By doing the request for proposal, we will find who can do it cheaper."

Mayor Patrick Rushing

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CFP

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2014 Cheney Free Press


                              686 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                           October 29, 2015 Thursday

Hotels told to manage their waste

LENGTH: 452  words

DATELINE: VELLORE


VELLORE, Oct. 29 -- Marriage halls, hotels, community centres and commercial
establishments should handle their solid wastes by creating solid waste
management (SWM) infrastructure within their own premises as per the Municipal
Solid Waste (Management and Handling) Rules 2000 of the Ministry of Environment
and Forests, Government of India, P. Karthiyayini, Mayor of Vellore said on
Wednesday.


 Presiding over the ordinary meeting of the Vellore Corporation Council, Ms.
Karthiyayini said that the management of solid wastes is a major problem
confronting the Corporation today. Therefore, the Corporation has decided to
strictly enforce the rules.
 It has asked the marriage halls, hotels and commercial institutions to
construct compost sheds within their premises and compost theirs wastes. "No
waste should come out of these institutions," she said. The Mayor also issued a
strict instruction to the sanitary workers not to remove the wastes from
marriage halls, hotels and commercial institutions which did not pay service
tax. Even if they pay the service tax, the Corporation would remove the wastes
from the institutions and compost them in the sheds being constructed in
different wards only till they establish their own facility within a given time,
she said.
 The Mayor said that during the session with local body representatives convened
by the 5th State Finance Commission at the Collectorate here on Tuesday, the
Commission Chairman S. Krishnan lauded the decision of the Corporation to ask
commercial institutions to handle their own solid wastes, and promised grant of
special funds to the Corporation for its SWM project. She asked councillors to
convene a meeting of marriage hall/hotel owners in their wards and convey the
message to them. They should ensure the success of the scheme, she said.
 Ms. Karthiyayini said that the Corporation was taking steps to obtain sponsors
to supply green and red dustbins to the individual houses for collection of
biodegradable and non-biodegradable wastes to ensure source segregation of
wastes. Hereafter, the Corporation would confine itself to composting wastes
only from the houses. She asked the councillors to cooperate with the
Corporation in identifying sites for the ward-wise construction of compost sheds
for handling residential wastes.
 Janaki Raveendran, Commissioner of the Corporation, said that the Corporation
has sent proposals for employment of additional sanitary workers on contract
basis to meet the additional workload on account of the implementation of a
scientific SWM project in Vellore.
 Vasanth Diwakar, City Health Officer, said that notices have been issued to all
marriage halls which have defaulted in payment of service tax.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              687 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                September 13, 1994 Tuesday SOUTH COUNTY EDITION

A GROWING INTEREST IN COMPOST STATE EXPERIMENT TO DEMONSTRATE POTENTIAL

BYLINE: DALE RODEBAUGH, Mercury News Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 434 words


Farmers in San Benito, Monterey and Santa Cruz counties have joined an
experiment that officials hope will demonstrate that urban waste can be turned
into compost, instead of taking up space in a landfill.

"The potential is tremendous," said Marc Buchanan, an assistant professor of
environmental studies at the University of California, Santa Cruz, who is
coordinating the project.

The Herbert Ranch near Hollister and the Glaum Egg Ranch in Aptos will compost
yard trimmings, vegetable-processing waste, manure, spoiled hay and waxed
cardboard. The Marina landfill in Monterey County will compost yard trimmings.

Vegetable growers in San Benito, Monterey and Santa Cruz counties will test the
compost, measuring yields with produce from fields not receiving compost. Yard
trimmings account for 15 to 25 percent of waste in California, Buchanan said.

"This is the first time the state has endorsed a partnership between
municipalities and growers. The hope is that growers can divert a large portion
of municipal waste flow," said Buchanan, who is conducting his experiment with a
$65,000 grant from the California Integrated Waste Management Board.

The state agency will spend a total of $355,000 on composting experiments in the
next two years. Composting experiments also will be conducted in San Jose,
Fresno and Tulare and in Stanislaus County by firms holding contracts for
solid-waste disposal.

Buchanan has high hopes for his project, the only on-farm experiment being
funded by the state.

"The Monterey Bay region is a perfect setting for this type of trial run because
of its high concentration of farms and urban areas. The demand for organic soil
amendments is strong," Buchanan said.

In addition to farmers, Buchanan said, city and county solid-waste management
officials, farm advisers and agricultural consultants are involved in the
experiment.

For almost three years, Pat Herbert has been producing compost for his own ranch
from manure, vegetable waste and hay. He sells whatever is left over from his
annual 10,000-ton production.

"There is tremendous interest in composting," said Herbert, who will be one of
four speakers at an Oct. 6 demonstration at his composting site.

IF YOU'RE INTERESTED

The Oct. 6 demonstration at the Herbert Ranch composting site is open to the
public. The site is reached from O'Connell Road north of Hollister. A dirt path
less than a quarter-mile from the O'Connell Road-Highway 25 intersection leads
to the composting site. Information about the November composting seminar is
available by calling (408) 637-5517.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: DALE RODEBAUGH -- MERCURY NEWS
At the Herbert Ranch north of Hollister, the tractor at left pulls the turner,
which aerates the material. The other tractor pulls a water tank used to spray
the piles.
940913 LO 1B SC; color

                     Copyright 1994 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              688 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                          October 21, 2015, Wednesday

New truck to cut recycling costs

BYLINE: Daniel Desrochers, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P6A

LENGTH: 364 words


The Kanawha County Solid Waste Authority is purchasing a new roll-off truck that
they say will save them around $2,000 a month in costs associated with
recycling.

Board members voted to accept the bid from West Virginia Tractor Company at
their meeting Tuesday.

In total, six bids were made to sell a roll-off truck, which is a vehicle that
will allow Kanawha County Solid Waste Authority to haul large metal bins to West
Virginia Cashin Recyclables in Nitro. Of the six, four were from West Virginia
Tractor Company.

Currently, the Kanawha County Solid Waste Authority has to pay Waste Management
to take the county recyclables to Nitro.

The board decided to go with the Kenworth T880 because they would be able to get
it in the shortest period of time. The truck should be ready within 20 days, and
should have a hoist attached to it between 30 and 45 days.

"We said we would give preference to the truck that can be ready the soonest,
said Dave Armstrong, economic development specialist for Kanawha County and
member of the board.

The board has been working on getting a roll-off truck for six months and now
has the money to afford it, thanks to a recent grant that has been approved by
the Department of Environmental Protection.

The grant allows the board to purchase some equipment needed to slow their
monetary losses, like trucks and storage containers. It also will allow them to
buy equipment for their new recycling facility on Slack Street once it's built.

The Kanawha County Solid Waste Authority has been losing money consistently for
the past year. They had $32,007.64 as of Sept. 1.

In August they lost $1,000, an improvement from the $8,000 a month they were
losing earlier in the summer, but that's unlikely to become a trend.

"It's always nice to see lower numbers like that, said James Young, the
executive director of the Kanawha County Solid Waste Authority. "But it's
definitely not going to be the norm.

In another attempt to save money, the board approved the purchase of four,
40-foot storage containers, a purchase that they say will save them $240 a
month.

Reach Daniel Desrochers at dan.desrochers@wvgazettemail.com, 304-348-4886 or
follow @drdesrochers on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers


                              689 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                            August 22, 2013 Thursday

KMC chief doubts new law will help LGs flourish

BYLINE:  Hasan Mansoor

SECTION: Vol. LXVII No. 231

LENGTH: 626  words


The Karachi Metropolitan Corporation (KMC) the country's largest municipality
declared on Wednesday that it was unable to function properly and even pay
salaries of employees of grade 15 and above.

Speaking at a media briefing held at the Civic Centre, KMC Administrator Saqib
Soomro admitted that due to a financial crunch the corporation had failed to pay
salaries of its employees for two months. However, he added, the salaries of
workers in grade-1 to 15 as well as pensions had somehow been paid.

Giving a reason for the long delay in the process, Mr Soomro said the KMC had
not received the Rs500 million grant from the provincial government under the
head of salaries for two months.

"The employees in grade-16 and above may still not get their salaries (for a
third month) unless the grant was released," he apprehended. He hoped that the
pending grants would be released soon and the future grants released regularly
to avoid such a situation from recurring.

The KMC administrator endorsed the concerns shown by critics of the recently
passed local government law, saying that it provided little guarantees to enable
LG institutions to flourish by becoming financially and administratively
self-sufficient.

He blamed the provincial government for disruptions with regard to the payment
of salaries and pensions as well as execution of development works.

He argued that salaries and pensions could be paid and other payments made only
when the provincial government released the grants meant for the KMC. He
explained that separate grants under various heads including salaries,
development works and fuel were released to the corporation.

Mr Soomro stressed the need for an increase in the KMC's revenue in order to
overcome its financial crunch.

"It is need of the hour keeping in view the fact that every employee's salary
has now increased manifold with the passage of time," he said.

It was the same financial fix that did not allow the corporation to get its 50
out-of-order buses repaired and operate them in the city, he said. "Yet work on
the plan is under way," he added.

The administrator said he realised his responsibility to provide facilities to
citizens across the KMC jurisdiction and the corporation was trying its best to
fulfil that responsibility.

Schemes and projects

The KMC administrator said work was in progress to strengthen the solid waste
management project and channelisation of drains. "The municipality is mulling
over launching more flyover and bridge projects by putting together all its
resources.

"Frequent changes in the municipal system in the recent past hindered
streamlining of the solid waste management system on modern lines," he argued,
and said that the KMC was considering outsourcing of the garbage lifting system
as it believed this was a good option.

He was of the view that lifting of garbage was primarily a responsibility of
district municipal committees (DMCs) while shifting of the garbage to the
landfill sites was KMC's job. Again, he said, a shortage of funds was affecting
the garbage lifting and disposal.

Mr Soomro held encroachments mainly responsible for flooding in certain areas
due to overflowing drains. The gravity of the situation owing to encroachments
could be gauged from the fact that the width of the Gujjar nullah and other
major drains had reduced to a mere seven feet or so.

"Clearing of nullahs requires time and funds... even if both are available, the
desired results could not be achieved unless encroachments are completely
removed," he said.

He told the media that the officials concerned were trying to ascertain reasons
behind the recent flooding in Saadi Town and Amroha Society. "We are making our
best efforts to ensure that such a situation does not recur in future," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2013 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              690 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             March 27, 2006 Monday
                                 THIRD EDITION

EDUCATION DIGEST

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 367 words


FOX SCHOOLS

District seeks grant to add computers

Guffey Elementary School in the Fox School District is seeking a state grant to
add seven classrooms to a program that expands the use of computers in school.

The grant would be for $306,989 for next school year and $54,293 for the
following school year.

The money would come through a program called eMINTS, which is for enhancing
Missouri's Instructional Networked Teaching Strategies. It would pay for 200
hours of teachers' training over the two-year period, computer furniture, 60
computers and seven each of teacher's computers, laptops, scanners, printers,
digital cameras and SMART board projectors.

ARNOLD SCHOOLS

Electronics recycling at Lonedell Elementary

Sixth-grade pupils at Lonedell Elementary School in Arnold will collect old
electronics equipment and appliances for recycling from April 3 through April 7.
Items can be dropped off between 7 a.m. and 7 p.m. at the school at 2500
Tomahawk Road.

Among the items that will be accepted are computer CPUs, keyboards, mouses,
monitors, cellular telephones, rechargeable batteries, TVs, microwaves and major
appliances.

Small donations also are being requested to cover the costs of disassembling the
monitors, televisions and microwaves.

The event is sponsored by State Farm Insurance, Lonedell Elementary School,
Hogenmiller Appliance and Electronics, Jefferson County Solid Waste Management
Division, the University of Missouri Extension and the St. Louis-Jefferson Solid
Waste Management District.

Information is available by calling 636-282-1470 or 636-797-5391.

LINDENWOOD UNIVERSITY

Campus will be host to national wireless summit

Lindenwood University will be host to the second National Summit for Community
Wireless Networks for three days starting Friday.

Last year's helped start the community wireless networking movement. The
Lindenwood summit is being hosted by the Mid Rivers Community Wireless Network
and the Champaign-Urbana Community Wireless Network. Nearly 500 people are
expected to attend.

Among the issues to be discussed are how community wireless networks can better
serve their target populations, new projects and the pros and cons of different
wireless systems currently available.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Education

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              691 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    January 25, 1996, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

READERS' LETTERS;
TELL US WHAT YOU THINK;
The trash is piling up

BYLINE: MARY J. KENNA; Atlanta

SECTION: EXTRA

LENGTH: 459 words


You are my last and maybe my only hope. I just don't know who to turn to for
help.

I am enclosing a picture of the trash that I and my neighbors have looked at
since Oct. 4. That is the date of the first phone call to the trash pickup
people. I have called on an average of once a week since a the last call being
to the supervisor last week. His promise was it would be picked up by that
Friday. I am so frustrated I am actually getting an ulcer from it.

I pay very high taxes to this city, and I don't think I deserve this.
Accentuate the positive
STELLA L. MORRIS, Atlanta

It was great to read something positive about black men in your Jan. 11 issue.
The two articles in particular are: the black-owned Dunkin' Donuts in the West
End area; the other was about the Boys & Girls Club Youth of the Year!

Tennis firm does ace job
PATRICIA G. REESE, Atlanta

Congratulations on the concise and straightforward article by Richard Gincel on
the management contract at Bitsy Grant Tennis Center.

As a longtime tennis player at Bitsy Grant (since 1970) and a city taxpayer for
even longer, it's important to to express my support for Tennis Center Inc. The
company has supplied the best management the facility has seen in 20 years.

Why would the city Department of Parks and Recreation not renew the contract?
The courts are clean and well-tended. The grounds are mowed and shrubs pruned.
The showers and toilets are clean and well-supplied. The clubhouse is clean.
Court fees are always fair and consistent and comparable to the public courts.

As the article said, there is room for major capital improvements. These are
obviously the responsibility of the city, which did replace the fencing around
the concrete. But the concrete itself has gaping cracks from which weeds grow.
There are similar holes where an old water main collapsed. The access roads are
full of holes.

I would like to know the names of those making the complaints and why the city
should remove the best management the center has ever had.

Company can rebid contract
DEBORAH O. McCARTY, Commissioner, City of Atlanta Department of Parks,
Recreation and Cultural Affairs

Thank you, Ms. Sharp, for your observations regarding the management and
operation of the Bitsy Grant Tennis Center. A decision has been made to solicit
sealed competitive proposals to ensure that Bitsy Grant and Piedmont tennis
centers are operated and maintained in the best professional manner for all
citizens, as well as to secure the most financially advantageous package for the
taxpayers of Atlanta.

Mr. Roetman and Mr. Wilson (The Tennis Center Inc.) are invited to rebid at the
appropriate time. Again, thank you for your feedback, it is appreciated.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              692 of 995 DOCUMENTS

               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Oxfordshire

                               September 21, 2001

Waste firm hands over area of common land.

SECTION: News

LENGTH: 311 words

DATELINE: Abingdon



People living in Oxfordshire villages can enjoy a community common after land
was handed over by a waste management firm.

The Appleford and Sutton Courtenay Millennium Common was officially presented to
Oxfordshire county councillor Margaret McKenzie at a launch ceremony on
Saturday.

After the formalities, Cllr Charles Shouler, italicrightitalic, chairman of the
county council, and others, enjoyed a guided tour of the site and met the
management committee, which includes representatives from the county council,
Vale of White Horse District Council, Appleford and Sutton Courtenay parish
councils, Waste Recycling Group, and Hanson Aggregates.

The land, which lies off the B4016 Appleford Road, near Sutton Courtenay, was
handed over by Steve Bruce-Jones, managing director of the central division of
Waste Recycling Group. The company acquired the common land, and a neighbouring
waste management facility, in January 2001.

County Cllr McKenzie, who chairs a committee set up to manage the common, said:
"I am very pleased to be opening this common on behalf of Sutton Courtenay. It
has been a long time coming and is small compensation for what waste disposal
people do to this area.

"It will give the community an area where all ages can walk, relax and enjoy the
interesting flora and fauna."

Mr Bruce-Jones said the common's rich wildlife showed that industry and nature
could co-exist comfortably - when sensitively managed.

The site includes areas of natural woodland, planted poplars and rough
grassland, and is home to many varieties of wild flowers and grasses, including
some uncommon species, such as the the pyramidal orchid and grass vetchling.

The common was created as a village millennium project, and received a grant
from building materials firm Hanson Aggregates, which owns and operates a nearby
gravel quarry.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2001 NewsQuest Media Group Limited


                              693 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                      Western Morning News (Plymouth, UK)

                             July 17, 2008 Thursday

Firms still in the dark on waste treatment;
Many firms are still in the ark about new pre-treatment of waste regulations
some three months after the Government said it would start to clamp down on
law-breakers.

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 442 words


Financial and business adviser Grant Thornton is calling on the Environment
Agency to act quickly and proactively inform small and medium-sized firms about
the Treatment of Non Hazardous Waste for Landfill regulations.

"I have spoken to a number of different businesses in and around the South West
and none knew about the regulations and their implications," said Nigel
Mattravers, associate director at Grant Thornton.

"The Government has to do more to spread the word, particularly if it is going
to get tough with those who don't adhere."

Under the regulations, which were introduced in October 2007 and began being
enforced in April 2008, businesses must treat their waste and provide the later
waste holder with appropriate documentation or ensure the later holder of the
waste does so. One of the simplest ways to pre-treat non-hazardous waste is to
collect it in separate streams and recycle one of the streams.

Failure to ensure the waste is treated in this or a similar fashion can result
in a fine. The details, however, are yet to be confirmed.

Grant Thornton's call comes as the Department for Business Enterprise and
Regulatory Reform (BERR) has said it is to provide more information on the WEEE
(Waste, Electrical and Electronic Equipment) regulations as part of a summer
campaign targeting consumers.

"The Environment Agency (EA) has relied on its website and the major waste
operators to inform business of the regulations, and it's not good enough," said
Mr Mattravers.  "Compare this to the plans of  BERR and the contrast is stark.
The EA should be developing and implementing a similar campaign.

"Companies with in-house specialists may be aware of the regulations, but this
is not true for small and medium-sized companies whose behaviour comes under the
regulations.

"What small or medium-sized business owner has the time to trawl Government
websites on the off chance that they'll find out about new rules and regulations
to adhere to?  Business owners and directors have far more pressing matters,
like running their companies.

"It's not fair that these businesses are facing a Government clampdown when
they're not getting the information they need in an accessible location and
format.

"Getting consumers and the business community engaged with all aspects of waste
minimisation and recycling is essential if we are to achieve the result we in
the industry know we can.  To do this Government and industry must be more
outgoing and innovative in getting the message across about what needs to be
done, why and, more importantly, how.

"TV ads encouraging householders to recycle their tins are not enough; we must
target business as well."

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 83


                 Copyright 2008 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              694 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            October 18, 2005 Tuesday
                                 State Edition

Grant awarded to help fight water pollution

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 90 words

DATELINE: CARIBOU


The Northern Maine Development Commission will be able to reduce or eliminate
pollution of water resources in rural areas and improve planning and management
of solid waste facilities in northern Maine.

The organization recently received funding from the United States Department of
Agriculture Rural Development Solid Waste Management Grants Program.

The commission also will use funding to educate community members on waste
reduction and recycling strategies. For information about Northern Maine
Development Commission, go to www.nmdc.org.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Bangor Daily News


                              695 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                    October 8, 2004 Friday ST. PAUL EDITION

SCHOOLS CLOSE DEAL FOR ATHLETIC FIELDS
GRANT LANDFILL SITE NEEDS CLEANUP FIRST

BYLINE: MEGAN BOLDT, Pioneer Press

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B10

LENGTH: 525 words


The Mahtomedi school district officially owns the old Bellaire landfill site in
Grant, giving the district and community much-needed land for new athletic
fields.

District officials closed on the property this week, about six months after they
originally planned to complete the deal. Site plans have been approved by the
necessary entities, and the fields should be ready by summer 2006.

Community athletic organizations are pleased by the news. Herb Gibson, president
of Mahtomedi Youth Baseball, said it has been difficult to schedule field time
with about 590 area youths playing ball.

"We are looking forward to the flexibility that the new fields will offer us in
terms of scheduling practices and games when the fields become available for use
in 2006," Gibson said.

The school district bought the site from Waste Management Inc. for about $1.3
million. The 70-acre parcel lies just east of Mahtomedi High School. Money for
the project came from a voter-approved bond referendum in 2001.

Denise Mergens, director of business services for the district, said the new
athletic complex would be brought out in two phases, rather than one as
originally planned. It will initially house three soccer fields, which can be
used for other purposes, and three baseball-softball fields. Two of the soccer
fields will have lighting, which is key because the high school's varsity team
doesn't have a lighted field.

Kevin Mackin, principal at Mahtomedi High School, said there has been an
occasional problem scheduling soccer games if a lighted field was needed.

"By and large, we can schedule around it," he said. "But as fall progresses and
it gets darker earlier in the day, it gets harder and harder to schedule games."

The first phase, which will include a parking lot on the west end of the
property, will cost the district an additional $1.28 million, Mergens said.

The second phase will include additional green space for multi-use fields and a
parking lot on the east end. A road also would connect the two parking lots.

Waste Management first needs to clean up before the district begins its work.
The company must seal off a well and demolish and remove a house, maintenance
garage, scale, scale house and debris before the sale is complete. Waste
Management also is required to earmark $400,000 to remove petroleum and metal
contamination from the site, as well as adding two feet of land cover over the
waste-disposal area.

Roughly 10 acres of the land is being set aside for a new elementary school.
District officials anticipate that Wildwood Elementary will need to be replaced
in the next 10 years.

Gibson said it's exciting to be talking about new facilities during tough
economic times, and everyone needs to do their part to make sure the fields are
well cared for.

"It is my opinion that the Mahtomedi community associations that are using the
facilities will have to shoulder more of the cost of maintenance and upkeep to
maintain the high quality of fields that we as a community have been accustomed
to," he said.

Megan Boldt can be reached at mboldt@pioneerpress.com or 651-228-5495.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: MAHTOMEDI DISTRICT

                     Copyright 2004 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              696 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Crossville Chronicle (Tennessee)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 18, 2012 Thursday

County to pursue single-stream recycling line

BYLINE: Gary Nelson, Crossville Chronicle, Tenn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 664 words


Oct. 18--CROSSVILLE -- Cumberland County's environmental committee authorized
management of the county's solid waste department to move forward with
establishing a single-stream recycling line at the county's recycling center.

"What we are working on here is a Recycling Hub Project. What we're hoping for
is having all the communities to bring their recyclables here to the recycling
center where we will have set a single-stream line and have county inmates
working the line," said Mike Harvel, assistant solid waste director and 7th
District county commissioner.

Harvel and Tom Breeden, Cumberland County solid waste director, made a
presentation to the environmental committee last week about setting up the
single-stream recycling line.

"The more recycled material we get, the more we save on our tipping fee costs
and we'll get the revenue from the products," Harvel said.

Breeden and Harvel have met with leaders in Fairfield Glade and the city of
Crossville to discuss the project.

"We will partner with the city and Fairfield. They will collect the recyclables
and bring them to the recycling center and we will give them half of the
revenue. We will split it with them. We've already talked to the sheriff and
will have inmates available to work the line. I am going to the classes next
week to be certified to supervise the inmates and be able to take them out,"
Harvel said.

Single stream means all recyclables, including cardboard, cans, metal and
plastics are put into one container.

Harvel explained the plan is to get more recyclables from residential homes
through a curbside program. People in Fairfield Glade and the city of Crossville
would put all of their recyclables into one container that would be picked up
one day a week from their curbside.

"We're also talking to Crab Orchard, Pleasant Hill and Tansi to see if we can
get them all to partner with us. It's a win-win situation because they're
getting revenue from the product to pay for the program and so are we. Plus,
we're going to save a lot on the tipping fees at $30 a ton," Harvel said.

The two told the environmental committee it would cost roughly $734,000 to
implement the program and get it started, including the purchase of all the
equipment and the building to house the line.

Harvel said they have already applied for grants from the state that could
possibly cover up to $315,000 -- leaving the county to pay for the remaining
$419,000.

"We have this in the sanitation fund's fund balance. Even if we don't get any of
the grants we could do it, but we're hoping to get these grants and start this
program without borrowed money. We can start it with what we've got," Harvel
said.

"Honestly, I don't see a downside to this at all. I think we should allow them
to go ahead and pursue it and allow them to apply for any and all grants that
become available," said Jeff Brown, 8th District commissioner and environmental
committee chair.

Allen Foster, 4th District commissioner, made a motion to allow the solid waste
department to pursue the program. Joe Koester, 5th District commissioner,
supported the motion and it was unanimously approved.

"This sounds like a win-win to me for the county," Koester said.

"I do to, not to mention the environmental impact it will have on the
community," said Dave Hassler, 3rd District commissioner.

Harvel and Breeden gave a rough, low, estimate that once the single-stream line
is established, it could net the county nearly $400,000 revenue in sales of
recyclable materials and save roughly $124,000 in tipping fees for a total
savings of more than $500,000.

"That's a low estimate if we recycle 20 percent of 3,900 tons. I think it will
be more than that, though," Harvel said.

Breeden and Harvel will move forward with the project and report back to the
environmental committee as it progresses.

___ (c)2012 the Crossville Chronicle (Crossville, Tenn.) Visit the Crossville
Chronicle (Crossville, Tenn.) at crossville-chronicle.com/ Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121018-XV-County-to-pursue-single-stream-recycling-line-1018-20121018

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XV


                      Copyright 2012 Crossville Chronicle


                              697 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                  OCTOBER 13, 1998 Tuesday CNEW JERSEY EDITION

TURN TRASH FACILITIES' LOANS INTO GRANTS? NO, ALLIANCE SAYS / A $103 MILLION
BAILOUT HAS BEEN PROPOSED, IN THE FACE OF OUTSIDE COMPETITION FOR HAULERS.
VOTERS WILL DECIDE.

BYLINE: Suzette Parmley, INQUIRER TRENTON BUREAU

SECTION: SOUTH JERSEY; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 813 words

DATELINE: TRENTON


A group of Libertarian and Conservative Party leaders and tax protesters joined
forces with environmental activists yesterday to oppose a question on the Nov. 3
ballot that would forgive millions of dollars in state loans to counties that
invested in incinerators and other trash disposal facilities.

Their alliance is part of what they called a growing statewide campaign to
defeat Public Question 3. New Jersey voters will be asked to allow the state to
change the status of more than $103 million in loans to seven counties into
grants and to give $50 million to four counties that explored but did not build
incinerators or other trash disposal facilities.

For example, under the proposed legislation, sponsored by State Sen. William
Gormley (R., Atlantic) and others, Camden County would be forgiven $19.1 million
in loans to build its incinerator.

The $103 million in loans came from the Natural Resources Bond Act of 1980 and
the Resource Recovery and Solid Waste Disposal Facility Bond Act of 1985. The
public approved those bond acts to help local governments construct
incinerators, recycling centers and composting facilities, and now, voter
approval is required to convert the loans into grants.

If the ballot question is approved, the seven counties would not have to repay
the money and the four others - Bergen, Cape May, Mercer and Passaic - would be
reimbursed a total of $50 million that they spent on preparatory work.

"Taxpayer and environmental watchdogs have united against Question 3 because it
is a bad fiscal and environmental deal," said David Pringle, the campaign
director of the New Jersey Environmental Federation, one of about three dozen
environmental groups that have formed a coalition to defeat the initiative. The
groups are especially opposed to bailing out the incinerators.

"We will be working hard to get that message out, and we have our work cut out
for us because the question's wording is biased. It is totally geared toward
passage," Pringle said at a news conference.

Without mentioning incinerators, the question seeks to "authorize the use of
bond moneys for grants to assist local government units with the payment of
costs, and the payment of security, or the payment of debt service costs
incurred for solid-waste facilities, including completed, abandoned or canceled
facilities. . . . "

Besides alleging that a bailout would be a burden on taxpayers, environmental
activists have also contended that the effort to forgive the loans ignores what
they say is the poor environmental record of incinerator operators.

"People invested in these burners, and just like any investment, sometimes you
win and sometimes you lose," said John Budzash, the chairman of both the
Taxpayers' Taskforce and the Central Jersey chapter of the Washington-based
Citizens Against Government Waste, as he stood next to Pringle. "To ask the
innocent taxpayers who overwhelmingly opposed the burners from the start to now
pick up that debt and pay it off is just unrealistic. It is unacceptable."

In 1970, the state Solid Waste Management Act mandated that each county
establish its own waste-management plan. Of the 21 New Jersey counties, 14 built
double-lined landfills, five built incinerators, and two built composting
facilities. The five counties that built incinerators were Camden, Gloucester,
Warren, Essex and Union.

Supporters of the ballot question, including Gov. Whitman, said that getting
voter approval would clear the way for the state to shoulder some responsibility
for a state mandate that endured unforeseen changes.

In November, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that the counties' monopoly on trash
flow was illegal. The counties generated their own trash and disposed of their
own trash, eliminating the possibility that trash haulers could go elsewhere for
trash hauling at a cheaper rate. For the first time, in-state incinerators and
landfills had to compete with out-of-state facilities.

The result was that trash haulers went to other states, such as Pennsylvania,
which had lower disposal rates. Incinerator operators in New Jersey were forced
to charge lower tipping fees to compete, and many of them were unable to
generate enough revenue to pay all their debts on $1.6 billion in loans.

Whitman said that without state financial assistance, the counties risk
defaulting on the loans, which could damage their bond ratings and end up
costing the state more in the long run.

Opponents of the ballot question have demanded that the state shut down the
incinerators instead.

"The Libertarian Party's position is that bailing out investors who invest in
high-risk projects is a form of welfare which benefits a few at the expense of
many," said Janice Presser, the chairwoman of the New Jersey Libertarian Party,
which joined the "Vote No on 3" campaign yesterday.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHART

                  Copyright 1998 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              698 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                          Greybull Standard (Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 23, 2013

Solid Waste Board, DEQ discuss landfill closure

BYLINE: Greybull Standard staff

LENGTH: 601  words


The Big Horn County Solid Waste Board, county commissioners, landfill engineer
and Wyoming Department of Environmental Quality met May 7 to discuss how best to
move forward with the closure of Big Horn County's south landfill.

Board member Aaron Kania expressed concern that people may not understand what a
closure is. "The closure doesn't mean that people will no longer bring waste to
the site. It just means that we will no longer be burying there. The trash will
be dumped in a trailer or on a concrete floor instead of the ground."

The main reason for the meeting was to get all the principles involved in the
process together so there would be a clear understanding about what is needed
from everyone's perspective. The permit for the south landfill expires July
2014.

The board needs to budget for the Administrative Order of Consent (AOC) to close
the landfill, as well as the final topography of the landfill once it is closed.

For closure, the board is required to have enough clay to make it impermeable,
provide top soil and drainage for a rain or snow runoff surface without causing
erosion or soak into cover filter that could leach. The engineer for the
landfill, Howard Johnson of Inberg-Miller, indicated it would take 10 to 13
years to build out a perfectly engineered topography for the closure.

An alternative may be to cap the east half and west half of the landfills
causing two small landmasses instead of one large one. This could help the
landfill qualify for funding from House Bill 66/House Enrolled Act 114.

House Bill 66 was sponsored by Representative Mike Greear of Worland during the
2013 legislative session. According to the Legislative Service Office summary of
the bill, it creates "a grant and loan program for the closure of municipal
solid waste facilities and the transfer of solid waste to regional facilities."

It further states the major elements and facts include:

"There is a trend, both nationally and in Wyoming, to address potential
groundwater contamination concerns by closing small landfills and transferring
municipal solid waste to regional landfills. Closure of the small landfills and
transfer places a financial burden on the municipal solid waste operators.

This act creates the Municipal Solid Waste Facilities Cease and Transfer
Program. Grants and loans shall be awarded under the program by the State Loan
and Investment Board (SLIB) for:

Capping closing landfills;

Closure related expenses;

Construction or acquisition of solid waste transfer facilities and equipment,
including real property.

Grants and loans under the program shall not exceed 75 percent of the cost of
the cease and transfer activities of the landfill.

Program funds cannot be expended on: salaries or benefits for employees;
long-term monitoring at a closed solid waste facility; operational costs at the
facility.

Rules for the program shall be promulgated by the SLIB in consultation with the
Department of Environmental Quality (DEQ).

Requires that DEQ develop a "general permit" for closing landfills with a total
surface area of less than 30 acres and shall provide assistance to
municipalities in the general permitting process. Development of a general
permit should reduce closure costs for small landfills.

Requires that to be eligible under the programs, solid waste facility operators
must charge a fee in an amount sufficient to provide all foreseeable costs of
waste disposal activities including operations, monitoring, recycling and other
diversion activities, closure, post-closure and transfer fees.

Provides general fund appropriations to the program grant and loan accounts."

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GYB

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2013 Greybull Standard


                              699 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                    Lockport Union-Sun & Journal (New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 24, 2009 Wednesday

CITY OF LOCKPORT: Recycling preview to be staged during Canal Concert Series

BYLINE: Lockport Union-Sun & Journal, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 517 words


Jun. 24--City residents will get a preview how easy it can be to recycle during
the Canal Concert Series.

A number of beverage-container collection bins will be placed around the Ulrich
City Centre courtyard on Friday nights during the shows, possibly starting this
week, thanks to a collaborative effort of the resident recycling committee,
Niagara County Division of Environmental/Solid Waste Management and the city
youth and recreation department.

The bins, known in the recycling business as "clear stream event containers,"
can be used to dispose of plastic bottles and aluminum cans.

The bins are coming to the concert series and other large, public events this
summer courtesy of the county's solid waste division. Director Dawn Walczak
obtained 55 of the special bins on a state grant and will have them staged at
county parks and other public places during special events.

Since she's also an adviser to the city's resident-led recycling committee,
which currently is laying the groundwork for a full curbside recycling program,
Walczak thought it appropriate that the special bins make their debut at a city
event.

"For the city, it couldn't be a better marriage. It shows the efforts of the
committee ... since last fall. They've worked hard trying to get recycling into
the city," she said.

Terms of the grant require the county to let not-for-profit causes cash in
returnable containers, so it's teaming up with the youth bureau on concert-based
recycling.

Youths or department employees will take away bags of containers after the shows
and sort the contents, then deposit plastic bottles at city-rented recycling
Dumpsters at the county landfill -- and cash in the nickel deposits on beer cans
as a department fundraiser.

How well the fundraising will go remains to be seen. Concert garbage was picked
up early Saturday after every show last year and according to Mike Hoffman,
superintendent of streets, the loads seemed pretty light on cans. "Scavengers"
apparently plucked them out of the trash ahead of collection, he said.

Mayor Michael Tucker hopes to see some of the special recycling bins set out
during the downtown Arts & Crafts festival this weekend as well, he said.

The recycling committee -- composed of residents Jeff Tracy, Kristen Cook, 1st
Ward Alderman Richelle Pasceri, Hoffman and Director of Engineering Norman Allen
-- is awaiting return of bids on two proposals it put forth for full, curbside
recycling citywide.

The bids, due July 10, are expected to inform the Common Council how much it
would cost to hire a private collector versus equipping the city to manage
in-house collection of glass, plastic and metal for the first time.

To see more of the Lockport Union-Sun & Journal or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.lockportjournal.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Lockport
Union-Sun & Journal, N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services.
For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20090624-XL-CITY-OF-LOCKPORT-Recycling-preview-to-be-staged-during-Canal-Concert
-Series-0624

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XL


                                 Copyright 2009


                              700 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                March 8, 2001, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

COUNTY OFFICIALS WANT TO GIVE GRANTS FOR RECYCLING, TRASH REDUCTION PROJECTS;
$ 337,515 AVAILABLE FROM TIPPING FEES

BYLINE: Phil Sutin; Of The Post-DispatchRECYCLE; TRASH; GRANT; POLLUTION;
CLEANUP

SECTION: WEST POST, Pg. 3

LENGTH: 328 words


St. Louis County officials would like to award grants to 11 municipalities and
the St. Louis County Municipal League for projects they hope will encourage
recycling and reduce trash.

The $ 337,515 for the grants comes from a 5 percent surcharge on tipping fees
that trash haulers pay to landfills in the county.

St. Louis County Executive George "Buzz" Westfall has asked the County Council
to approve the grants.

The following are the grants the county wants to award:

* $ 46,586 to Vinita Park to renovate a park with recreation equipment partly
made from recycled material.

* $ 44,331 to University City for at least one electronics recycling collection
event.

* $ 41,728 to Clayton for a pilot recycling project for multifamily housing in
the Moorlands neighborhood.

* $ 41,405 to St. John to subsidize recycling-collection costs for 590
households for a year and to buy recycling bins for each single-family house.

* $ 35,858 to Valley Park to cover the operating cost of the municipality's
recycling program for a year.

* $ 34,000 to the St. Louis County Municipal League to review recycling and
waste-diversion practices by cities within the county and to develop strategies
to improve and upgrade them.

* $ 30,888 to Velda Village Hills to subsidize a curbside recycling program and
to buy recycling bins for each single-family house.

* $ 27,586.88 to Moline Acres to buy playground equipment partly made from
recycled materials and to start a fiber-collection program.

* $ 16,500 to Florissant to cover the cost of its recycling center for a year.

* $ 9,650 to Town and Country for furnishings made of recycled materials that
would go into two parks.

* $ 6,000 to Cool Valley to encourage residents to take part in curbside
recycling and to provide recycling bins for each household.

* $ 3,000 to Chesterfield for production and distribution of brochures on
recycling and waste reduction to go to single-family houses.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: Reporter Phil Sutin: E-mail: psutin@post-dispatch.com Phone: 314-862-2150
Note: this article appeared in the NORTH POST page 2, and SOUTH POST, page 1.

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              701 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                            November 4, 2008 Tuesday

Around the area

SECTION: CLARK COUNTY; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 559 words


WASHOUGAL
Mayor Sellers sidelined by car accident
Washougal Mayor Stacee Sellers has taken a leave of absence following a
single-vehicle accident, the city announced on Monday.
Sellers was injured, not seriously, in an accident that occurred Saturday in
Skamania County, the city said. No further details were available.

Sellers has canceled all appointments this week, said Nabiel Shawa, city
administrator.
City council member Paul Greenlee, elected mayor pro-tem in January, will
preside in her absence.
clark county
New landfills banned in solid waste plan
Clark County wants to ban new landfills, change some rules for waste hauling
and disposal and promote more green building, and it's looking for public
advice.
It's all part of the 147-page draft of the county's new 20-year solid waste
management plan, available for public review online and at an open house next
week.
The deadline for public review and comments is Dec. 2. County commissioners
will consider adopting the plan Dec. 9.
The plan covers the entire county, inside and outside its cities.
To read it, visit
www.clark.wa.gov/recycle/
, click "Documents" in the lower left and scroll to "draft comprehensive solid
waste management plan."
Call 360-397-6118, ext. 4352, to request a compact disk, or e-mail
solidwaste@clark.wa.gov
County staff will host an open house on the plan from 4:30 to 7:30 p.m. Nov. 13
at the county public works operations center, 4700 N.E. 78th St. in Hazel Dell.
The plan is updated every five years.
VANCOUVER
Rock 'n'roll hitmaker to recall 'Raiders' era
In a Thursday presentation, music legend Roger Hart will recall an illustrious
rock career that took him to every corner of the America and capital cities of
Europe during the 1960s.
Hart's lecture will be at 7 p.m. at the Clark County Historical Museum, 1511
Main St.
The Vancouver resident was a local radio disc jockey who was asked to play some
records for teenagers at a dance hall in Hockinson. That eventually took him to
Hollywood, and finally to the job of managing Paul Revere & the Raiders -- an
enormously successful group whose hits still are played on the air today.
Hart's lecture is part of the "First Thursday" series, which offers free museum
admission from 5 to 9 p.m. It is held in conjunction with the museum's current
"Boomer!" exhibit, which explores how the baby boom generation transformed
American culture.
vancouver
Senators to give advice on federal grants
Washington's two U.S. senators will stop by Clark College this month to offer
advice on how to land a federal grant.
Sens. Maria Cantwell and Patty Murray will speak at 2 p.m. Nov. 20 in Foster
Hall Auditorium, 1933 Fort Vancouver Way.
Topics to be covered include tips on submitting a successful grant application,
finding the right funding source for a project and working with the state's
Congressional delegation.
Nonprofit groups, small businesses, local governments, tribes and colleges are
all encouraged to attend.
vancouver
County to present design awards Nov. 10
Clark County will honor innovative architecture and design at its annual
community pride design awards ceremony Monday.
Refreshments for the free public event will be served at 2:30 p.m. in the
sixth-floor hearing room of the county Public Service Center, 1300 Franklin St.
The ceremony will follow at 3 p.m.
For more information, visit
www.clark.wa.gov/commdev/prideawardsn.html
.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Columbian Publishing Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              702 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                           October 29, 2014 Wednesday

Harrisburg, Pa., Petitions to Incorporate Development Nonprofit

BYLINE: Paul Burton

SECTION: REGIONAL NEWS; THE BOND BUYER Vol. 1 No. 34202

LENGTH: 416  words


Harrisburg has filed a petition with the Commonwealth Court of Pennsylvania to
incorporate a nonprofit corporation to focus on long-term economic development
and infrastructure improvements, according to the state Department of Community
and Economic Development.

Impact Harrisburg, an action plan DCED official and city coordinator Fred Reddig
filed late Monday, continues the implementation of the recovery plan in the
state capital, according to the department, which is overseeing Harrisburg's
recovery.

"The addition of a dedicated non-profit organization solely focused on economic
growth and infrastructure enhancements will be a tremendous boost to the city's
overall recovery efforts," DCED Secretary C. Alan Walker said in the statement.

The Harrisburg Strong Plan, which state-appointed receiver William Lynch filed
Aug. 26, 2013 and Commonwealth Court Justice Bonnie Brigance Leadbetter
confirmed one month later, provided for the earmarking of certain funds for
economic development and infrastructure improvements within the
49,000-population city.

Economic development and infrastructure improvement funds - roughly $6.15
million for each - would be awarded semiannually.

Parking asset monetization made such funds available, according to DCED
spokesman Steve Kratz.

Roughly 50% of the economic development funds would be targeted for
large-project grants, 30% for community building grants and 20% for contingency
grants. About 90% of the infrastructure Improvement funds would go toward
infrastructure grants and 10% for contingency grants.

Harrisburg's recovery plan, which erased more than $600 million of debt and kept
the city out of bankruptcy, hinged on the sale of the city's incinerator to the
Lancaster County Solid Waste Management Authority and a long-term lease of
parking assets from the city and the Harrisburg Parking Authority to the
Pennsylvania Economic Development Financing Authority.

Harrisburg exited state receivership on March 1 and returned to mainstream
oversight under Pennsylvania's Act 47 workout program for distressed
communities.

The plan also provided for the Harrisburg Task Force for Infrastructure and
Economic Development, charged with the development of a governance proposal and
action plan that would guide the work of a non-profit corporation that will
address these concerns.Â

Lynch, a retired Air Force general, appointed a nine-member task force in
January, co-chaired by Doug Hill and Les Ford. The group met several times over
the past few months.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              703 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                 bondbuyer.com

                            October 28, 2014 Tuesday

Harrisburg, Pa., Petitions to Incorporate Development Nonprofit

BYLINE: Paul Burton

SECTION: REGIONAL NEWS; THE BOND BUYER Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 416  words


Harrisburg has filed a petition with the Commonwealth Court of Pennsylvania to
incorporate a nonprofit corporation to focus on long-term economic development
and infrastructure improvements, according to the state Department of Community
and Economic Development.

Impact Harrisburg, an action plan DCED official and city coordinator Fred Reddig
filed late Monday, continues the implementation of the recovery plan in the
state capital, according to the department, which is overseeing Harrisburg's
recovery.

"The addition of a dedicated non-profit organization solely focused on economic
growth and infrastructure enhancements will be a tremendous boost to the city's
overall recovery efforts," DCED Secretary C. Alan Walker said in the statement.

The Harrisburg Strong Plan, which state-appointed receiver William Lynch filed
Aug. 26, 2013 and Commonwealth Court Justice Bonnie Brigance Leadbetter
confirmed one month later, provided for the earmarking of certain funds for
economic development and infrastructure improvements within the
49,000-population city.

Economic development and infrastructure improvement funds - roughly $6.15
million for each - would be awarded semiannually.

Parking asset monetization made such funds available, according to DCED
spokesman Steve Kratz.

Roughly 50% of the economic development funds would be targeted for
large-project grants, 30% for community building grants and 20% for contingency
grants. About 90% of the infrastructure Improvement funds would go toward
infrastructure grants and 10% for contingency grants.

Harrisburg's recovery plan, which erased more than $600 million of debt and kept
the city out of bankruptcy, hinged on the sale of the city's incinerator to the
Lancaster County Solid Waste Management Authority and a long-term lease of
parking assets from the city and the Harrisburg Parking Authority to the
Pennsylvania Economic Development Financing Authority.

Harrisburg exited state receivership on March 1 and returned to mainstream
oversight under Pennsylvania's Act 47 workout program for distressed
communities.

The plan also provided for the Harrisburg Task Force for Infrastructure and
Economic Development, charged with the development of a governance proposal and
action plan that would guide the work of a non-profit corporation that will
address these concerns.Â

Lynch, a retired Air Force general, appointed a nine-member task force in
January, co-chaired by Doug Hill and Les Ford. The group met several times over
the past few months.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              704 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 30, 2014 Saturday

New Mexico: Recycling Manager

LENGTH: 1118  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


Dona Ana County has issued the following news release:

Job Title:  Recycling Manager
Closing Date/Time:  Continuous
Salary:  $26.75 - $40.92 Hourly
$2,139.76 - $3,273.83 Biweekly
$4,636.14 - $7,093.29 Monthly
$55,633.64 - $85,119.46 Annually
Job Type:  Unclassified
FLSA:  Exempt
Location:  Various Locations within the City of El Paso, Texas

Print Job Information | Apply


Requirements  Benefits  Supplemental Questions

Candidate must have a Bachelor's degree in Public or Business Administration,or
liberal art, plus four (4) years professional experience in solid waste
collection or disposal, or related public awareness program administration,
including one (1) year in a supervisory capacity.

Licenses and Certificates: Texas Municipal Solid Waste Management Facility
Supervisor Class "A" License from the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality
within one (1) year of appointment. Texas Class "C" Driver's License or an
equivalent license issued by another state.

General Purpose:
Under direction, manage and market the City's recycling program.

Typical Duties:
Plan and coordinate collection and delivery of a wide variety of recyclable
paper, aluminum, plastic and scrap metal. Involves: Identify and assess
considerations such as community usage trends and needs, City recycling
capabilities and effectiveness, regional solid waste management plans and
regulatory changes, and technological advances in processes and equipment to
recommend new or improved goals, priorities and methods for providing services,
and furnish analyses for use in formulating related policies; developing,
implementing and directing program operations to ensure adherence to local,
state, regional and federal mandates which includes establishing and modifying
pick-up and drop-off routes, sites and schedules. Arrange to provide
participants with containers and procedural instructions and deploy and
reallocate equipment and employees as necessary to meet current and projected
collection volume and product receipt needs. Prepare and execute approved
contracts for collection. Oversee contractor operation of permanent public
hazardous waste disposal site, and periodically audit hazardous waste disposal
projects. Overseeing required regulatory record keeping and reporting.
Promote recycling program and act as primary liaison to government agencies,
educational institutions, private industry and citizens. Involves: Determine
marketability of and arrange for sales of recycled products. Prospect for and
meet with potential participants for collection of recyclable material and
customers for resulting products. Investigate complaints and report findings,
and research and provide information in response to inquiries about projected
and ongoing services, requirements and procedures from the general public, the
business community, government agencies and management. Implement, direct and
review community out-reach activities which includes development, approval and
distribution or execution of promotional, educational materials, and public
service broadcasts and recycling publicity events, conducting presentations to
schools and civic associations, and training sessions for approved selected
groups of volunteers and part time workers. Represent the department's interests
when collaborating with other City and regional agencies and organizations to
integrate recycling efforts as well as functionally interested engineers and
health professionals to ensure conformance with environmental protection
requirements.
Administer fiscal matters, including budgets, contracts and grants, pertaining
to collection of recyclables and sale of products. Involves: Compile data,
forecast equipment, supply and labor requirements, analyze costs, and prepare
annual unit operating, publicity, program improvement and capital budget
requests. Monitor and approve program expenditures, justify and request budget
and grant adjustments, assist with audits as necessary. Inventory, store and
issue supplies. Prepare specifications for recycle contracts for pickup. Write
bid specifications for contracts for goods and services to be let by Purchasing.
Follow up on awarded contracts, audit compliance, accept and process payments
based on contract. Receive, record and deposit revenues from special sales such
as brass or other recyclable scrap. Ascertain sources for and availability of
grants. Write grant proposals which includes calculate estimates of funds needed
and detail intended uses. Monitor activities for compliance with grant and
contract terms and conditions and take corrective actions as necessary.
Supervise assigned supervisory and non-supervisory trades, labor and clerical
employees. Involves: Assign duties, issue written and oral instructions and
check work for exactness, neatness and conformance to policies and procedures.
Guide subordinates to over come difficulties encountered in performing duties.
Evaluate performance and review ratings by subordinates. Coach and arrange for
or conduct training and development activities. Ensure compliance with safety
regulations. Conduct specific safety and hazardous materials handling procedure
training. Enforce personnel rules and regulations, standards of conduct, work
attendance and safe working practices. Maintain supervisor-subordinate harmony
and resolving grievances. Recommend personnel status, organization structure and
job design changes. Interview applicants.
Perform related incidental duties contributing to realization of unit or team
objectives as required.   Includes: Substitute for supervisor or coworkers as
qualified and within authorized limits by carrying out specified functions to
maintain continuity of ordinary operation, including operation of vehicles on
public thoroughfares requiring a Commercial Drivers' License (CDL), if
necessary. Provide designated support for projects or activities overseen by
higher graded non-supervisory department personnel as instructed. Explain and
demonstrate work performed to assist supervisor in orienting and training less
knowledgeable employees. Engage in assignments pertaining to functions of other
position for training purposes under general supervision. Log activities, and
prepare and submit recurring or special status reports. Ensure that tools,
equipment and work areas are orderly, safe and clean.

General Information:

For complete job description, click here.

Please note: This is an unclassified contract position.

Please note: Applicants are encouraged to apply immediately. This position will
close once a preset number of qualified applications have been received.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              705 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times of Zambia (Ndola)

                               February 25, 2014

State, U.S. Launch $10 Missed Lusaka Water Initiative

BYLINE: Maimbolwa Mulikelela

LENGTH: 466 words


Government and the United States(US) based Millenuin Challenge Corporation have
has launched an innovation grant programme worth US$10 million aimed at
improving water and sanitation systems in Lusaka.

The project will also look into the improvement of the drainage and other
related systems.

This project will solicit proposals from the private sector and support the best
approaches to improve service delivery for clean water, sanitation and drainage.

The project funded under the innovation grant programme, will complement the
existing Millennium Challenge Compact's US$355 million Lusaka Water Supply,
Sanitation and Drainage project investment whose implementation activities
commenced last year in November.

Speaking at the launch of the innovation grant programme in Lusaka yesterday,
Secretary to the Treasury Fredson Yamba said the programme provides
opportunities for business partnerships, particularly from the private sector.

Mr Yamba said it was expected that the output of this component would contribute
to improved outcomes of the Lusaka Water Supply,Sanitation and Drainage project.

This will increase and sustain access to quality water, sanitation and drainage
services and improve water use, sanitation and hygiene practices.

"The problem of solid waste, poor sanitation,waste water management are
enormous.The City of Lusaka produces over 250,000 tonnes of solid waste on a
monthly basis and a significant percentage of it usually finds itself in places
it should not be like sewer pipes and drainages" he said.

Mr Yamba said: "The Government has prioritised its citizens as the main driver
for growth of the Zambian economy and this initiative is a case in point.

"We are placing Lusaka residents as indispensable co-participants in the
development of their own living conditions."

Speaking at the same function, senior advisor to the chief executive officer of
Millennium Challenge Corporation Cassandra Butts said, innovation initiatives
such as this one are expected to improve access to clean water and sanitation
and improve overall community hygiene.

Ms Butts who is visiting from Washington said: "We strongly encourage women's
groups to participate in the development of innovative and sustainable
approaches to improve service delivery the Millennium Challenge Compact's
Innovation grant programme.

"In particular,it is our hope that the private sector will present innovative
projects that will improve women's, children and other vulnerable groups access
to clean water and sanitation serviced."

The innovation programme will offer the private sector including civil society
and Non Governmental organisations, Universities, research institutions and
foundations in Zambia and around the globe an opportunity to participate in well
targeted water utility improvement programmes.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              706 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                     February 29, 2008 Friday 5:52 PM  EST

MCD SEEKS MORE TIME TO USE SANCTIONED PLAN FUNDS

BYLINE: Report from The Pioneer brought to you by HT Syndication.

LENGTH: 420  words

DATELINE: Dehradun


Dehradun, Feb. 29 -- The Municipal Corporation of Dehradun (MCD) has requested
the State Government to extend the period for utilising the grants sanctioned to
them by the 12th Finance Commission. The corporation has asked for an extension
till March 31.

Nearly Rs 2.25 crore was allocated by Centre to MCD for developmental works. The
total accumulated amount which remains unspent is 2.27 crore.

Fifty per cent of the total amount is to be utilised for Solid Waste Management
Programme and the rest for other developmental works.

The local bodies had to utilise the allocated funds by December 31, 2007. But
due to the improper planning of civic body the amount could not be utilised.

This has raised many questions on the working of the corporation as to why,
despite having funds, most of the developmental works in the city were pending
and why strategies for the utilisation of the funds were not framed.

The Finance Commission sanctions grants for the local bodies for various
development works and the Centre allocates funds to the local Government.

The Centre allocates grants keeping in view the population and per capita income
of the State and the local body. The revenue efforts of the local bodies using
the State's own revenue as an indicator and gross domestic product as an
indicator are also considered.

The amount includes the State level expenditure for maintenance and audit of
local bodies and for the development of a database.

After analysis of the finances of each tier, that is Panchayats and
Municipalities, the funds are allocated. The funds allocated thus should not
exceed twenty per cent of local revenue.

Speaking to iThe Pioneer/i, Neeraj Pandey, Assistant Commissioner MCD, informed
that the grants allocated by the Finance Commission should have been utilised by
December 31, 2007.

He said, "The local bodies should have utilised the grants allocated by the
Finance Commission by December 31, but as the corporation failed to utilise the
allocated funds, we have requested the State Government to provide us
extension."

Also, there is only one month for the corporation to utilise the funds and so it
requires an immediate strategy for this.

The corporation has already started planning in this direction. Pandey added,
"The equipment and other required material for Solid Waste Management Project
will be purchased. The rest of the amount will be utilised for other works like
construction of roads and maintenance of streetlights."

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Pioneer.

-598779

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              707 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     March 8, 1989, Wednesday, City Edition

Tarpon Springs gets grant to recycle trash // State rewards city for its
initiative

BYLINE: LISA GRACE LEDNICER

SECTION: NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 273 words

DATELINE: TARPON SPRINGS



TARPON SPRINGS - City commissioners learned Tuesday night that the    city has
received $ 18,750 from the state Department of Environmental    Regulation (DER)
to be used for recycling the town's garbage.

     Forty local governments were awarded grants from $ 750,000 in the
state's Solid Waste Management Trust Fund, according to a letter sent    to the
city from DER Secretary Dale Twachtmann.  The one-time grants,    Twachtmann
wrote, are "to reward those local governments which    exhibited recycling
initiative ... and to raise the level of awareness    about recycling."

     A mandatory recycling law passed during last year's legislative    session
requires local governments to begin recycling programs by this    July. Last
fall, Waste Management of Pinellas County started a    newspaper collection
program in five cities, including Tarpon Springs.

 The private company gave each city 30 percent of the profits generated    from
the sale of the papers.

     But in December, Waste Management announced that it could no longer
afford to share the profits. The newspapers have still been picked up,    but
Tarpon Springs now receives no profit.

     City Manager Tony Shoemaker said at Tuesday's City Commission    meeting
that the grant money will be used to expand the city's existing    recycling
program, probably within the next six months.

     City officials are discussing ways of recycling bottles and    aluminum
containers. Pickup would be either at a central location or at    individual
homes, Shoemaker said.



LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: NORTH PINELLAS TIMES

                            Times Publishing Company


                              708 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

              January 24, 2001 Wednesday WASHINGTON COUNTY EDITION

WASHINGTON COUNTY BRIEFING

BYLINE: Mary Divine, Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 583 words


WASHINGTON COUNTY

Backyard composting in residents' future:

Gardeners in Washington County take note.

In order to reduce the amount of food and yard waste in the county, the county
got into the backyard composting business.

The Washington County Board on Tuesday approved a request from the county's
public health and environment department to participate in the Solid Waste
Management Board's regional backyard food waste compost bin project.

Because the county is one of six metropolitan counties to participate in the
food waste bin project, about 768 backyard composting bins will be made
available to county residents.

The cities of Oakdale and Woodbury will hold a one-day distribution program in
early May for their residents. County residents will pay $15 for each bin and
will receive a booklet on backyard composting. The Solid Waste Management
Coordinating Board is subsidizing the remaining $15 cost of each bin.

County residents who are interested in purchasing a composting bin, but do not
live in Oakdale or Woodbury, should call the department at (651) 430-6655. 6th
DISTRICT

Judges needed for congressional art contest:

Rep. Bill Luther, DFL-Minn., is seeking judges for the annual Congressional Art
Competition.

The contest accepts entries from students in grades 9 through 12 who either
reside or attend school in Anoka, Washington or central Dakota counties.

Art professionals from around the 6th Congressional District will be asked to
view the artwork and rank each piece according to technique, composition,
artistic ability and presentation.

The first-place winner will have his or her artwork displayed in Washington,
D.C., for one year. The exhibit will be at the Northtown Mall in Blaine from
April 9 to April 16 where the judging will take place. Judges also will be
invited to attend the award ceremony in May.

For more information, call Kelli Hill at (651) 730-4949.

ST. CROIX RIVER VALLEY

Trail plans get a boost:

Plans for a proposed trail that could eventually connect the city of Afton with
Afton State Park, St. Croix Bluffs Regional Park, Carpenter Nature Center, Point
Douglas Park and Hastings and Prescott, Wis., got a boost Tuesday from the
Washington County Board.

The board adopted a resolution authorizing the county's parks division to pursue
a grant from the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources in order to conduct a
natural resources study in the St. Croix River Trail search area.

The first step in the trail planning process is the development of a natural
resources inventory and the DNR Metro Greenways Program offers matching grants
to conduct such an inventory, said Jim Luger, parks director.

The inventory envisioned would result in a document that would be used for trail
planning purposes as well as local and planning purposes. Afton officials are
conducting a natural resources inventory within their city limits, using a
matching grant obtained through the Metro Greenways program in 2000.

If the county's grant proposal to conduct a natural resources inventory is
approved, the DNR Metro Greenways Program would contribute 50 percent of the
cost and Washington County would fund the remaining 50 percent of the cost
through cash and in-kind contributions.

The maximum cash contribution from the county would be $15,000, which would come
from the park division's stewardship account. The stewardship account includes
money collected by the county for farming and rental housing, Luger said.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2001 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              709 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                February 1, 1999, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

FENTON APPROVES DEALS FOR TRASH AND RECYCLABLES

BYLINE: Steve Birmingham; Special To The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: SOUTH POST, Pg. 4

LENGTH: 228 words


Fenton has approved a five-year contract with Waste Management of St. Louis for
collecting trash and items for recycling and also accepted a bid from Schaeffer
Systems of $ 55,867 to provide 1,550 refuse carts.

The contract with Waste Management will begin May 3 and will consist of weekly
pickups.

Pickups of trash and bulky items will be Monday through Wednesday. The monthly
household charge will be $ 6 for the first year with the remaining four-year
rate still to be negotiated.

Fenton will distribute 12 stickers to each resident for trash. Residents with
long driveways will not be assigned a trash container but will receive an
additional 104 stickers as a substitute.

A second pickup of trash and bulky items will be scheduled for Friday at the
resident's expense of $ 6.50 a month for the first year with any remaining
four-year rate increase not to exceed 3 percent.

Collection of items for recycling is scheduled for Thursday and Friday at a
monthly household rate of $ 2.45 for the first year with any remaining four-year
rate increase not to exceed 3 percent.

There will be no charge for collections at city-owned facilities.

The $ 55,867 bid for 1,550 65-gallon trash carts includes assembly and delivery
to each household. The money for the carts is coming through a St.
Louis-Jefferson Solid Waste Management District grant.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              710 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            August 16, 1991, Friday

DATELINE DEKALB; NEWS, NOTES, PEOPLE AND PLACES; ENVIRONMENT; One man's junk is
another man's treasure'

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS DEKALB; SECTION C; PAGE 02

LENGTH: 486 words


Leroy Scott loves to talk trash.

And it's no wonder. For a man who has spent 16 years coming up with innovative
ways to curb the half-million tons of garbage deposited annually in the DeKalb
County landfill, these are exciting times.

As DeKalb's associate director of sanitation, Mr. Scott is responsible for
making sure the county complies with the state's Solid Waste Management Act.
Under that act, counties have until 1996 to come up with their own plans and cut
their garbage by 25 percent.

While other counties are sweating over such an ambitious goal, Mr. Scott just
sits back and smiles. "One man's junk," he says, "is another man's treasure."

DeKalb is already well on its way toward satisfying the state mandate.

"Right now we are close," he says. "Very close. When we go to mandatory curbside
collections, we won't have any problems."

In five years, the county has invested about $ 2 million in machines that
pulverize concrete blocks into rocks, shred mounds of household garbage into
compactible strips and grinds tree limbs, roots and trunks into pulp.

All of that has saved a tremendous amount of space in the landfill, which won't
be full until 2015. And in the early 1970s, DeKalb was among the first counties
in Georgia that began curbside recycling for its 120,000 customers.

By next year, the county plans to impose a mandatory recycling plan, which will
make the 25 percent reduction requirement not only possible, but likely.;
COMMUNITY; Mill town's residents to parade, party

Residents of Scottdale have decided to throw themselves a party.

Saturday's first annual Scottdale Community Day will kick-off with a 10 a.m.
parade from Third Avenue at Cedar streets and then along Parksdale Avenue to
Tobie Grant Park. Activities will follow throughout the day at Tobie Grant
Recreational Park.

"Let's Keep Scottdale Alive" is the theme of the celebration, said Sabrina
Moore, a member of the 52-year-old Scottdale Community Planning Council.

The unincorporated community of 4,000 that sprang up around the now- closed
Scottdale textile mill is diminishing, but neighborhood leaders are pushing to
reverse the trend. The mill, opened in 1909 when Scottdale was a rural community
with a ready supply of workers, closed in 1982 as metro Atlanta's last textile
mill. Remaining are many of the mill houses, built by Col. George Washington
Scott to house his workers. Colonel Scott also founded Agnes Scott College.

"We want to regain our pride and rich history and cultural development, and to
let new incomers know the history of the community they're living in," Ms. Moore
said. "We're trying to get a positive attitude back into the community."

Grand marshal of the parade will be Levy Mosely Watson, one of Scottdale's
oldest citizens.

If you have news for, or questions about, Dateline DeKalb, please call the
DeKalb County bureau at 370-7282.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                              711 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 11, 2013 Tuesday

BRIEF: Alcorn awarded site cleanup grant

BYLINE: Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 95 words


June 11--CORINTH --Alcorn County was awarded a grant of $31,214 from the

Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality to clean up illegal dump sites
in the county and to help pay for a local solid waste enforcement officer.

Alcorn County Emergency Management Director Ricky Gibens administers the grant
and the role of solid waste enforcement officer is included in his job duties.

___ (c)2013 the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) Visit the
Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) at www.nems360.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130611-TP-BRF-Alcorn-awarded-site-cleanup-grant-0611-20130611

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2013 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                              712 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                  Yemen Times

                               February 17, 2011

Japan supports projects in Hodeidah, Aden and Mahwait

LENGTH: 466 words


The Government of Japan has decided to extend 2 grants amounting to US$188,085
for "The Project for Improving Solid Waste Management in Zabid District,
Hodeidah Governorate" and "The Project for Rehabilitation and Expansion of the
Al-Khaisa Health Center in Al-Buraiqah District, Aden Governorate". The two
grants have come under Japan's grant assistance scheme called "Grant Assistance
for Grass-roots Human Security Projects", which aims at supporting small-scale
community-based projects in the fields related to basic human needs, such as
primary health care , basic education and water in developing countries.



The grant to Zabid will be used to purchase a wheel loader, which is necessary
to dispose solid wastes at the landfill. The introduction of the wheel loader
into the landfill will can accelerate the landfill operations drastically so
that the environmental situation and the quality of life of the people in Zabid
District, Hodeidah Governorate may be greatly improved.

The other grant to Al-Khaisa Health Center will benefit 50,000 people in
Al-Buraiqh District by funding rehabilitation and expansion of the existing
building, and procuring necessary medical equipment. Al-Khaisa Health Center has
the capacity to treat around 3,500 patients every year including refugees from
Africa. Under the circumstances where the population in the area is increasing
rapidly and there is a risk of infectious diseases, the existing building is
found undersized and decrepit.

Moreover, last month an expanded school for girls in Hufash District was
officially inaugurated today, upon completion of construction work under the
Japanese Financial support.

The Japanese grant amounting US$97,000 was offered to build an additional school
building for students in Hufash District, Al-Mahweet Governorate. Due to the
shortage of classrooms, numbers of students had been obliged to study outside
the building and the school was not able to receive in-coming new students every
year. Against those difficulties in educational sector in the region, the
project was launched with a view to providing healthy and safe study
environments for students, and encouraging a larger number of new students to
attend the school.

The Japanese Government's scheme called "Grant Assistance for Grass-roots Human
Security Projects" has been assisting in the fields of water supply,
environment, health care, education including disables and girls over the last
10 years in Yemen. During the last Japanese fiscal year (April 1, 2009 - March
31, 2010) the Government of Japan funded 18 projects in Yemen amounting to about
USD 1.5 million under the above mentioned Japanese scheme.

In the last Japanese fiscal year, Japan funded 18 projects in Yemen under the
Grass-roots scheme with a total amount of USD 1.5 million.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 13


     Copyright 2011 Yemen Times - Yemen Times Press, Printing & Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Syndigate.info, Al Bawaba.com


                              713 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  March 11, 1993, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

CITY HOPES TO JOIN EFFORT AGAINST WASTE

BYLINE: Linda Billingsly Post-Dispatch Special Correspondent

SECTION: ZONE WEST; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 232 words


The City of Olivette hopes to join with the St. Louis/Jefferson County Solid
Waste Management District in an effort to encourage residents to get rid of
flammable and toxic liquids.

The City Council voted unanimously recently to apply for a recycling and
waste-reduction grant program through the Missouri Department of Natural
Resources. City Administrator Gerald Feldman said that St. Louis County would
actually contract for the removal of items and that Olivette would promote the
program within the city through booklets and newsletters.

Feldman said the pilot program sought to reduce solid waste in homes by 40
percent by 1998. Solid waste includes paints, motor oil and flammable liquids,
he said. The county will determine how the program will actually work, but it
could involve picking up some items, such as paint, at the curb, he said.

Solid waste manager for the St. Louis County Health Department, Joan Bradford,
said the program would start with paint only. Because the program is expensive,
cost will determine how it is expanded, she said.

The program will also focus on educating the public about reducing hazardous
wastes within the home.

Feldman said the city would seek to promote the program in schools through the
use of county-distributed brochures and booklets. Children can be the best
promoters to get their parents involved, he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              714 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           November 18, 2012, Sunday

State grants $1.45M for recycling

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P7B

LENGTH: 126 words


The state is awarding nearly $1.5 million in recycling assistance grants to 32
agencies and other recipients around West Virginia.

The grant money totaling $1.45 million is heading to solid waste authorities,
private industries and counties to purchase vehicles, education campaigns,
containers and other purchasing to assist in recycling programs.

The West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection said the recycling
assistance grants are generated through a $1 assessment on every ton of solid
waste disposed at state landfills.

Two of the bigger grants, topping $125,000, are heading to Berkeley and Braxton
counties.

The grants are being spent on the purchase of a box truck, a forklift and site
improvements at recycling centers.

- The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers


                              715 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

BRIEF: Ogle County recycling grants available

BYLINE: Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 106 words


Sept. 28--OREGON -- Businesses, schools, churches and nonprofis that want to
establish or improve on waste reduction and recycling programs have until noon
Oct. 6 to apply for grants from the Ogle County Solid Waste Management
Department.

Applications will be reviewed by the department and the Ogle County Board Solid
Waste Committee. Applicants must be able to provide 20 percent of the total
project cost.

Go to oglecounty.org or call 815-732-4020 for an application or more
information.

___ (c)2016 the Daily Gazette (Sterling, Ill.) Visit the Daily Gazette
(Sterling, Ill.) at www.saukvalley.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160928-YG-BRF-Ogle-County-recycling-grants-available-0928-20160928

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2016 Daily Gazette


                              716 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Waterloo Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          December 14, 2011 Wednesday

Nonprofits to benefit from landfill profits

BYLINE: Tim Jamison, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 308 words


Dec. 14--WATERLOO, Iowa -- A committee charged with disbursing landfill profits
to nonprofit agencies is still seeing heavy need.

"The way the economy is, I feel our priority is still the basic necessities,"
said Nikita Rainey-Thomas, who chairs the Black Hawk County Solid Waste Funds
Allocation Board.

Board members voted unanimously Monday to recommend a spending plan for $175,765
in excess landfill revenue the county Board of Supervisors has earmarked as
grants for nonprofit social service agencies and programs.

Board members, as they pared down grant applications, looked most favorably on
agencies that provided direct help to those in need, such as Operation
Threshold, the Society of St. Vincent de Paul and the Northeast Iowa Food Bank.

"So many people utilize [the food bank] in the community because of the times
and the way things are," said board member Jerome Amos, who recommended boosting
the allocation from last year's amount.

Requests for equipment, brick-and-mortar building projects and administrative
overhead for those agencies were generally discarded from consideration.

County Finance Director James Bronner said the Board of Supervisors likely will
vote on the recommendation at the Dec. 20 board meeting.

"The requests are actually down a little bit," said Bronner, noting the county
received requests for $367,000 this year compared to $434,000 last year.

The county has been receiving $175,765 as its share of some $2 million annually
returned by the county's Solid Waste Management Commission for the past nine
years. Cities with an ownership interest in the landfill receive the rest of the
landfill profits, which are used for a variety of purposes.

___ (c)2011 Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier (Waterloo, Iowa) Visit Waterloo-Cedar
Falls Courier (Waterloo, Iowa) at www.wcfcourier.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111214-OO-Nonprofits-to-benefit-from-landfill-profits-1214-20111214

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2011 Waterloo Courier


                              717 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                             April 22, 2007 Sunday

$61,800 to help county to get rid of old tires

BYLINE: The Times-Standard

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 220 words


SACRAMENTO -- Humboldt County was awarded a $61,800 grant this week from the
California Integrated Waste Management Board for dealing with old tires.

The waste tire enforcement grants are available to local governments and others
having 50 or more waste tire facilities in their jurisdiction.

The grant program is non-competitive and is intended to fund grants up to
$300,000 per jurisdiction annually. The funding pays for personnel and equipment
costs associated with carrying out a local waste tire inspection and
surveillance program for the waste management board.

It also approved a approve a targeted rubberized asphalt concrete incentive
grant for Napa County.

"The more we can do to help local communities reduce waste and divert
still-useful materials to productive purposes, the better," said State Sen.
Patricia Wiggins, D-Santa Rosa.

Wiggins, who once served on the board, has authored legislation this year to
require Caltrans to establish a system for tracking the use of recycled products
in highway construction projects, and to create new incentives for solid waste
diversion by cities and counties.

"These grants will enable us to continue reducing the volume of re-usable
materials being dumped in our landfills, and to meet the growing need for such
materials in street and highway construction projects."

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              718 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                            The Daily Star (Lebanon)

                             April 20, 2010 Tuesday

Bint Jbeil sees opening of new waste plant

BYLINE: The Daily Star

LENGTH: 445 words


BEIRUT: The village of Bint Jbeil in south Lebanon is now home to a new
solid-waste management facility, following an Italian Embassy initiative.Italian
government officials, along with Bint Jbeil Mayor Afif Bazzi and head of UNIFIL
Civil Affairs Ryszard Morczynski, inaugurated Saturday the facility. The waste
plant was built with a $538,685 grant

BEIRUT: The village of Bint Jbeil in south Lebanon is now home to a new
solid-waste management facility, following an Italian Embassy initiative.

Italian government officials, along with Bint Jbeil Mayor Afif Bazzi and head of
UNIFIL Civil Affairs Ryszard Morczynski, inaugurated Saturday the facility. The
waste plant was built with a $538,685 grant from the Italian Embassy - Italian
Development Cooperation and implemented by the Italian NGO Comitato di
Coordinamento delle Organizzazioni per il Servizio Volontario (COSV).

The initiative was also implemented through a contribution by the UNIFIL Civil
Affairs through a Quick Impact Project for a total amount of $24,247. The
project saw the rehabilitation of the municipal facility of Bint Jbeil,
including the provision of all the technical assistance that was needed to
properly manage and operate it.

Also at the launching ceremony on Saturday were representatives from the
Environment Ministry, the Italian Army serving in UNIFIL, envoys from the
Italian, Belgian and French CIMIC units and national stakeholders concerned with
the environmental agenda in Lebanon including governmental and non-governmental
agencies as well as private sector officials.

Thanks to the recycling activities and the new equipment both for sorting and
composting, the facility largely contributes to improving Bint Jbeil's
environment by reducing the impact caused by solid waste, the Italian Embassy
said.

It noted that the plant was already treating over 60 percent of waste produced
in the area and is preventing their disposal into local dumps.

The facility will also help reduce the overall cost of waste management, since
both recyclables and compost are sold locally.

The Italian Embassy in Lebanon said the waste facility represented a "best
practice" of how sound environmental management strategies can also be exploited
as income-generating activities for local communities.

It said the project was one of the main goals of the Italian Development
Cooperation strategy in Lebanon to ensure social and economic development
through maintaining and safeguarding the country's environment and natural
resources.

The facility was built as part of the Italian Embassy's ROSS Emergency Program,
launched in the aftermath of Israel's war on Lebanon in July-August 2006. - The
Daily Star

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 23


             Copyright 2010 The Daily Star - The Daily Star FZ LLC.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              719 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                              June 14, 2015 Sunday

Govt grants will be linked to city's cleanliness: CM

BYLINE: Ashish Roy

SECTION: NAGPUR

LENGTH: 303 words


NAGPUR: Chief minister Devendra Fadnavis has stressed that while the state
government was taking efforts to make the cities smart, the public
representatives, civic officials and citizens should ensure that they are clean
too. The government has launched 'Clean Maharashtra' campaign to achieve this
objective.

The government had organized a Nagpur division level workshop 'Swachchhatecha
Sankalp' to create awareness about the campaign among officials, on Friday.
Fadnavis, guardian minister Chandrashekhar Bawankule, mayor Pravin Datke and
others took pledge to keep the city clean.

The CM said that in future urban local bodies (ULBs) will get government grants
on the basis of their performance in Clean Maharashtra campaign. "The ULBs that
do their best for cleanliness will be felicitated by the government. They will
be given big grants," he said.

"Both state and central governments are making efforts to use latest
technologies in solid waste management. However, these projects can't succeed
without public participation. We have scripted a seven-point formula for keeping
the cities clean," he further said.

The seven points include a commitment to keep cities clean; public
participation; no open defecation; scientific collection, categorization and
transport of garbage; scientific disposal of solid waste; treating sewage water
and increasing greenery in urban areas.

Bawankule said that the Clean Maharashtra campaign had been launched on the
lines of Clean India campaign of central government. He also stressed on public
participation.

Principal secretary (urban development) Manisha Mhaiskar and commissioner
(municipal administration) Meeta Rajivlochan stressed that the top civic
officials should fix the responsibility on their subordinates to keep their city
clean.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              720 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

             November 19, 2003 Wednesday WASHINGTON COUNTY EDITION

MAHTOMEDI, SANITATION FIRM CLOSE LANDFILL DEAL
SCHOOL BOARD WILL VOTE ON 70-ACRE SITE

BYLINE: MEGAN BOLDTPioneer Press

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 472 words


The Mahtomedi school district has reached an agreement with Waste Management
Inc. to purchase the old Bellaire sanitation site in Grant for $1.3 million.

The 70-acre old landfill site, next to Mahtomedi High School, will be used for
soccer and ball fields, and possibly a future school site. Superintendent Mark
Wolak said the school district needs more fields so it can continue to provide
athletic facilities for surrounding communities.

Voters approved a bond referendum in November 2001 to support the land purchase.
The Mahtomedi School Board will have a special meeting Thursday to decide
whether the district should purchase the site.

"Waste Management has been helpful in doing their part to keep the cost down for
the school district," Wolak said. "It's been a win-win situation for the
district. We've been able to purchase land at a good price that's contiguous to
our current property."

The two parties have been negotiating for more than a year. According to the
purchase agreement, Waste Management must seal off a well and demolish and
remove an existing house, maintenance garage, scale, scale house and debris
before the sale is complete. The company also is required to earmark $400,000 to
remove petroleum and metal contamination on the site, as well as adding two feet
of land cover over the waste-disposal area.

Mahtomedi school district is responsible for obtaining all the necessary permits
and approvals from the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency before using the
property.

Wolak said the district has submitted environmental contingency and voluntary
response action plans to the MPCA, and is awaiting review.

"We're doing this to ensure the public is informed about the standards we're
meeting before using it for recreation," Wolak said. "We want to make sure it's
safe for use by children."

The state also is giving the district $750,000 for health and safety
improvements, Wolak said. The money will help offset additional costs in
preparing the land for athletic fields, he said.

School Board members will meet at 7 a.m. Thursday to decide whether to approve
the purchase agreement.

The district then will hold another public meeting on the land purchase. It will
be within a 45-day review period in which the district can sever the agreement
if anything is found unacceptable.

Wolak said if all goes as planned, the school district will begin work on the
site next spring.

IF YOU GO

What: Special meeting of the Mahtomedi School Board

Why: To decide whether the school district should purchase the old Bellaire
sanitation site to use for athletic fields and possibly a future school.

When: Thursday at 7 a.m.

Where: The District Education Center, 1520 Mahtomedi Ave., Mahtomedi.

Megan Boldt can be reached at mboldt@pioneerpress.com or 651-228-5495.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC: PIONEER PRESS GRAPHIC

Old Bellaire site

[See microfilm for details]

                     Copyright 2003 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              721 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             March 27, 2015 Friday

World Bank continues investing in Public Services in Tajikistan

LENGTH: 297  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The World Bank today approved a grant of US$13.50 million to finance the
Tajikistan Communal Services Development Fund Project aimed at improved delivery
of basic municipal services for the population. The project builds on previous
World Bank financed investments and reforms in municipal sector, which have
already benefited over one million residents of Dushanbe and secondary towns.

"Secondary towns in Tajikistan have large municipal infrastructure needs, with
80 percent of infrastructure requiring rehabilitation," said Patricia-Veevers
Carter, World Bank Country Manager in Tajikistan. "The new project will benefit
the population of these towns, including the poor, by providing improved water,
on-site sanitation and solid waste management services as well as street
lighting and roads. Furthermore, given the large funding needs, the project will
set up a Communal Services Development Fund, which will pool national and donor
resources to support a sustained investment program in the municipal sector."
The Communal Services Development Fund Project will support municipal and
communal infrastructure improvements, as well as enhance the capacity of local
governments and service providers for better service delivery for local
residents. These services include clean drinking water, sanitation, solid waste
management, street lighting and local roads. Over 100,000 will benefit from
physical infrastructure investments in Hissor, Konibodom, Dangara, Sarband, Vose
and Fakhor. The project will also increase the efficiency of municipalities and
local service providers through support in development of local investment
plans, management of utility facilities, improved billings and collections and
engagement of residents in management and maintenance of investments.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              722 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                    Lockport Union-Sun & Journal (New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 1, 2010 Thursday

City recycling models debated

BYLINE: Joyce Miles, Lockport Union-Sun & Journal, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 877 words


Apr. 1--The recycling committee is at a crossroads after losing out on a state
grant to offset the costs of launching residential curbside recycling.

Now, the committee has to decide which path the city should take.

The choices, roughly: A "pay-as-you-throw" program or the traditional model in
which all properties pay the same fee for trash disposal and recycling service.

Most committee members are leaning toward pay-as-you-throw, a method that lets
consumers control their own garbage disposal costs. The more a household throws
away, the more it pays, for special trash bags or larger trash cans; and on the
flip side, the more a household recycles/reuses/reduces waste, the lower its bag
or can costs.

Pay-as-you-throw, practiced by about 400 communities statewide, is touted as the
fairest means of distributing trash collection costs across a community.
Households pay based on how much trash they generate, not their property value
and tax status.

Theoretically, it's fairer even than the traditional disposal/recycling model in
place in most area towns, in which all properties pay the same flat fee for
service, whether they generate a little trash or a lot. In the traditional
program, a two-person family pays the same fee for disposal as a five-person
family, though the latter surely uses more services.

Recycling committee member Dawn Timm, Niagara County director of environment/
solid waste management, applied for a grant of up to $500,000 to cover
investment in a "variable cart" collection system, in which residents would rent
small, medium or large trash cans and receive a recycling bin for free. The city
would have used the grant to buy the cans/bins and a loading device to get the
program started.

Without the state grant, pay-as-you-throw loses some of its appeal, according to
1st Ward Alderman Richelle Pasceri. The Common Council won't OK having the city
buy cans/bins outright; and asking property owners to buy them is "a tough
sell," she said.

Timm suggested special trash cans, which can cost up to $60 each, are not
crucial. Pay-as-you-throw could be implemented with specially marked trash bags,
which residents would buy as needed. The bags are priced to cover the cost of
trash and recycling collection by a public or private entity; on average, she
said, a 30-gallon bag costs about $2.50.

Streets Superintendent Mike Hoffman raised a couple of red flags on the bag
system. He said he foresees more illegal garbage dumping by people wanting to
avoid the bag fee; and the lack of a can requirement encouraging pests and
litter.

Hoffman further suggested pay-as-you-throw represents too much change too
quickly for residents. He said maybe the city should pursue the traditional
flat-fee-for-service model first, then institute pay-as-you-throw after
residents are used to recycling.

"I think there's an in-between, not an either-or," Hoffman said.

That's the wrong outlook, Timm advised. The state recently released a draft
version of a new solid waste management plan that emphasizes waste reduction at
the local/individual level; the plan includes "a big section on pay-as-you-throw
and recycling," she said. The City of Lockport skirts existing minimum
requirements by calling sewage composting "recycling," and eventually, that's
not going to fly anymore.

"There's going to come a time when the state's going to knock on the mayor's
door. It might not be (while Michael Tucker is mayor) but it will come," Timm
said. "Pay-as-you-throw is the best way to control or reduce waste and increase
recycling. Properties pay for what they use; the single-family home is no longer
subsidizing (pickup at) the four-family apartment house. ... It makes extreme
economic sense."

The city spends about $1.1 million a year on trash collection, including the
costs of labor, equipment and landfilling fees, but not including the costs of
picking up trash daily for businesses , Hoffman said. The money is raised from
general property tax.

Including partly or fully tax-exempt properties, the current per-parcel average
cost of pickup is about $184 a year, Hoffman said. City workers collect
unlimited amounts of trash -- despite laws on the books saying otherwise -- and
paper/cardboard for recycling.

The flat fee for refuse service in the Town of Lockport is about $180 this year;
Waste Management will take up to six 30-gallon bags or cans, and unlimited
recyclable items, per week. The services is for residential properties only;
businesses, including apartment complexes, have to make their own arrangements.

Supposing the city instituted a pay-as-you-throw bag system, and the bag fee was
$2.50, a property that limits itself to filling one trash bag per week could pay
as little $130 a year for disposal services. The cost of collecting recyclables
-- paper, plastic, metals and glass -- should be included in the bag fee, to
encourage recycling, according to Timm.

For more stories, visit http://www.lockportjournal.com/. Copyright (c) 2010,
Lockport Union-Sun & Journal, N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100401-XL-RECYCLING-20100401

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XL


                  Copyright 2010 Lockport Union-Sun & Journal


                              723 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           February 27, 2014 Thursday

Community environment enhancement through environmental education, improved
waste disposal management and income generating activities to support project
goals and sustainability

LENGTH: 604  words


Project Number: DMA/SGP/OP5/Y1/CORE/CC/13/02
Country: Dominica
Area Of Work: Climate Change Mitigation
Operational Phase: Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 30,000.00
Start Date: 5/2013
End Date: 5/2014
Status: Currently under execution
Project Description: The goal of this project is to enhance the environment of
the community of Fond Cole.


One component is a proper garbage disposal collection area. At present, the
region where the garbage is being pooled to be collected by the Dominica Solid
Waste is very unsightly and poses a serious health hazard to the residents of
the community and also contributes tremendously to pollution in the area.
Due to the unsanitary practices of the residents, this problem is seemingly
escalating and in the end would prove to be detrimental to the community on a
whole. Looking at the GEF/SGP Country Programme Strategy, and the rise of
pollution in the country, implementation of this improved garbage collection
will aide in decreasing pollution first beginning with the community and by
extension the country in the long run as this project can be replicated in other
communities.
As part of this waste disposal programme, the Committee will work in
collaboration with and guided by the Dominica Solid Waste Management Corporation
to implement waste separation at the source. This will be directly linked to
support the plant nursery. The biodegradable material will be used for
composting. This compost will be used in the plant nursery and excess can be
sold to bring revenue to the Committee. The development of a plant nursery
project will produce the much needed plants (medicinal, food and ornamental) in
the area. This will create some employment and revenue for the Committee while
providing a reliable supply of plants for community projects and for sale to the
public.
The project seeks to address the land slippage and flooding that occurs at the
back of the community centre, the only community building in Fond Cole, which is
a multiple use building.
The estimated cost of this project is EC$80,073.00.or US$29,656.67.
1.2 Organizational Background and capacity to implement the project
The Fond Cole Improvement Committee is a community-based group, which is focused
on the continued development of the community. The group  s main objective is
community building through sustainable development; which in the end will lead
to a thriving neighbourhood.
The Committee is a recognised body, known for a good track record of community
mobilization/and projects. The history of Improvement Committees within the
community stems for over forty (40) years, as improvement of the community has
been the mainstay ideology. The present Committee has been in existence for over
a year and has a long standing member who has served with many of the past
committees for over a period of thirty (30) years.

The group has undertaken fund raising through various initiatives (fund raising
projects) and has received grants and
Project completion date : 2014-05-31 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : Dominica Save the Children Fund Building,
Bath Estate
Roseau
Attn:  Ms. Agnes Esprit

Country :Dominica
Financier : Global Environment Facility (GEF),
United Nations Development Programme (UNDP),

Financier address : United Nations Development Programme
One United Nations Plaza
New York, NY 10017
Tel: +1 (212) 906-5000
Call: +1 (212) 963-1234

Contacts : GEF Secretariat
1818 H Street, NW, Mail Stop P4-400
Washington, DC 20433 USA
Tel: (202) 473-0508
Fax: (202) 522-3240/3245
Email: secretariat@thegef.org
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              724 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             June 3, 2004 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Association Hopes To Kick Illegal Dumping To The Curb

BYLINE: YVETTE C. HAMMETT, yhammett@tampatrib.com

SECTION: BRANDON; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 363 words

DATELINE: THONOTOSASSA


JOE EBERT ROAD TRASH BIN IS FOR APPLIANCES, FURNITURE

By YVETTE C. HAMMETT

yhammett@tampatrib.com

THONOTOSASSA -- Although the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office has stepped up
efforts in recent years to curtail illegal dumping, there are still people who
toss old couches and refrigerators to the roadside.

In an effort to stop such activities, the Thonotosassa, Seffner, Mango Civic
Association is sponsoring a summer neighborhood cleanup funded by Hillsborough
County.

If it works out, the program could be expanded countywide, offering once-a-year
neighborhood cleanups.

"People still leave couches and chairs and mattresses out on the roads, and we
need it to stop," said Pauline Grant, president of the civic association.

Grant has lined up volunteers and has started accepting contributions to the
huge trash bin sitting beside her house at 9609 Joe Ebert Road.

The civic association received a $2,500 grant from the Hillsborough County
Neighborhood Services Office, which moved the trash bin next to her house. Once
it is full, the county will remove it and replace it with an empty one.

"People are responsible for getting the items to the Dumpster," Grant said.

In June, large, unwanted appliances and electronic items can be discarded in the
trash bin. In July, people can bring old furniture, and in August, old tires
will be accepted.

Volunteers will monitor the effort to make sure that only acceptable items are
being placed in the trash bin.

"We started this last year," said Shelley Blood, neighborhood relations officer
for the county. "It is a joint effort between our office and the Solid Waste
Management Department. They provide the money, and we coordinate with the
neighborhoods. But it is really a neighborhood-driven effort."

The grant-funded cleanups are considered a pilot program, and Blood is working
with the Solid Waste Department to expand it countywide. If that happens,
neighborhood representatives won't have to apply for grants. Instead, they would
sign up for a cleanup date once a year.

Reporter Yvette C. Hammett can be reached at (813) 657-4532.

Copyright © 2004, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
Tribune photo by KATHY MOORE-LENGELL Hillsborough County is sponsoring the
Thonotosassa, Seffner, Mango Civic Association's summer cleanup to curb dumping
of bulk waste.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2004 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              725 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                             May 28, 2009 Thursday

Wiggins' garbage bill moves forward

BYLINE: The Times-Standard

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 240 words


California cities and counties may soon be charged fees for shipping their
garbage out of state.

Senate Bill 730, which passed the Senate Appropriations Committee this week with
an 8-5 vote, is authored by North Coast Sen. Patricia Wiggins, D-Santa Rosa, and
aims to require the state's cities, counties and other entities that ship waste
out of state to pay the same fees as they incur for in-state disposals.

Under current law, operators of solid waste disposal facilities are required by
the state to pay "tipping fees" of $1.40 per ton, which generates about $50
million a year in revenue for the state. The funds are used by the California
Integrated Waste Management Board to provide grants and loans to local
governments and private entities for projects that reduce or clean up waste.

SB 730 would require the operators of transfer or processing stations that
transport waste out of state for disposal to pay the same $1.40 per ton fee.

Nearly 750,000 tons of waste were sent to out-of-state landfills in 2000,
resulting in a loss of nearly $1 million in state revenues.

"SB 730 is a revenue-generating measure for the state," Wiggins said in a press
release. "It requires jurisdictions that ship their waste out of state to pay
into the state tipping fee, just like all other jurisdictions that dispose of
their waste in state."

Having passed the Senate Appropriations Committee, the bill is now headed for
the full Senate for consideration.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              726 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                   New Orleans CityBusiness (New Orleans, LA)

                             January 5, 2004 Monday

19 New Orleans groups receive clean-up grants

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 76 words


BFI Waste Systems and the city of New Orleans awarded $2,000 grants to 19 New
Orleans community groups to encourage them to continue cleaning up the city and
promote recycling.

The grants are part of the city contract with BFI for sanitation services.
Groups receiving the grants include Recycling for the Arts, New Orleans Musical
Legends Park, Old Algiers Main Street Corp. Trash Can Project, The Vieux Carre
Alliance and Save Our Cemeteries Inc.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              727 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           September 9, 2010 Thursday

Selectboard gets recycling lesson

BYLINE: By JAIME CONE / Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 926 words


Thursday September 9, 2010

BRATTLEBORO -- At the Brattleboro Selectboard meeting Tuesday evening, members
of the Windham Solid Waste Management Board of Directors, the Brattleboro Solid
Waste Committee and representatives from WSWMD presented their ambitious work
plan and performed a skit to demonstrate proper recycling practices.

The work plan includes a goal of reaching a recycling rate of 25 percent within
one year, meaning that 25 percent of all recyclable items would be recycled
rather than thrown away.

WSWMD hopes to achieve a rate of 100 percent within 10 years; the current rate
as of July is 16 percent among those residents in Brattleboro who have access to
curb-side pick-up, said Nancy Barber, co-chairman of the Brattleboro Solid Waste
Committee.

The work plan s goals for five to 10 years in the future include the development
of a townwide bulky waste collection program and the expansion of open space
recycling/composting bins on streets and in parks.

With a short skit, WSWMD representatives highlighted some of the most important
aspects of correct recycling procedures, like sorting paper from plastics and
rinsing out containers so they don t create an odor at the waste management
district, which can attract pests like rats.

They also pointed out what can and cannot be recycled; cardboard frozen food
boxes, for example, can be recycled if they do not have a plastic lining and
tear easily, said Cindy Sterling, WSWMD program director.

Martha O Connor, Selectboard member, asked if it was acceptable to use smaller
plastic containers as alternatives to the large green bins provided by the town.

It s fine to use a different bin, said Sterling, as long as its marked
"recycling." If a cardboard box is used, the box will be collected along with
the rest of the recycling.

Hookah bar in town?

In other business, the board approved a tobacco license for Brattleboro s first
hookah bar, with the stipulation that the town attorney look over the
application to ensure it s in compliance with state smoking laws.

Dora Bouboulis, Selectboard vice-chairman, raised the question of whether it
would be legal for patrons of the shop/lounge to smoke indoors, as the owner s
proposal suggests, given that Vermont law bans all smoking in public places,
including bars.

"I ve got no problem with it if it s legal, but I would like to be able to
approve this upon approval by someone who knows more (about state law) than we
do," said Selectboard member Daryl Pillsbury.

Vermont is one of the few states with a statewide smoking ban that does not
expressly exempt tobacco shops.

The prospective owner of the shop, Mohammed Elghoul, is a graduate student
living in Sunderland, Mass. He said his establishment would be named 5301
Lounge, a play on Brattleboro s zip code.

He plans to set up shop inside Brooks House, a shopping mall located at 128 Main
St., and to be open seven days a week until 11 p.m. or later, depending on
demand.

In his presentation to the board, Elghoul said he hopes his business will
attract people within a 30 to 40-minute driving radius.

"To get to the closest business of this nature, you would have to drive roughly
two hours from here," he said. "I think the closest one is in Worcester,
(Mass.)"

5301 would be a "lounge and place of leisure" by day and a cigar and hookah
lounge by night, Elghoul said.

It will feature a non-alcoholic drink menu and offer tobacco products and herbal
alternatives to tobacco, he said. Identification would be checked at the door to
prevent anyone under the age of 18 from entering the store, he added.

BMAC parking lot changes

According to Danny Lichtenfeld, BMAC director, work has already been done to
clear out the overgrown area between the museum and the Marlboro College
Graduate Center.

"We have cleared that space as part of a project to create more green space for
people to sit, gather and eat their lunch, and also to display sculpture,"
Lichtenfeld said. "The landscaping project is underway already, but one aspect
we need to submit to the DRB is the parking lot."

The plans include decreasing the size of the museum s parking lot, which
Lichtenfeld said would have little impact on parking because it would
effectively eliminate only one parking spot while improving the functionality of
the parking.

The goal of the project is to make "the whole experience of visiting the museum
more pleasant, and it will be a nice addition to that part of downtown,"
Lichtenfeld said.

Because the town owns the museum property, the Selectboard was asked to sign off
on the DRB site plan application, which it unanimously agreed to do. The
Brattleboro Development Review Board hearing where the application will be
discussed is scheduled for Sept. 30.

In other business:

-- The board unanimously approved grant applications for a Vermont Building and
Facilities grant program and for the Fire Department to purchase a Blitzfire
water monitor.

-- Grants were appropriated for Brooks Memorial Library s First Wednesdays
Lecture Series, a radiological emergency response plan.

-- The Brattleboro Selectboard is seeking ad hoc committee members to oversee
the development of West River Park. Letters of interest should be addressed to
the town offices and are due Sept. 24.

-- Peter Sears and Michael Fairchild were appointed to the Brattleboro
Conservation Committee, Brian Bannon was appointed deputy health officer for the
town, and Selectboard members Daryl Pillsbury and Martha O Connor were appointed
to the capital grant review board.

Jaime Cone can be reached at jcone@reformer.com or 802-254-2311, ext. 277.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              728 of 995 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright © 1993 Florida State University Law Review.

                        Florida State University Law Review

                                   Fall, 1993

                           21 Fla. St. U.L. Rev. 529

LENGTH: 25044 words

THE 1993 AMENDMENTS TO FLORIDA'S SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT ACT: THE CONTINUING
SEARCH FOR SOLUTIONS

In response to growing public concern for the problems of waste management, the
Florida Legislature passed The Solid Waste Management Act of 1988. Five years
later, lawmakers revisited the critical issues underlying solid waste and passed
a voluminous package of amendments. This Article summarizes the development of
the 1993 Act, its main provisions, its funding sources, and the new rulemaking
and regulation which agencies will undertake to implement the amendments. This
Article also highlights the various solid waste issues that require additional
study and areas in which Floridians may see further solid waste legislation.

NAME: Brian H. Bibeau*, Kristin M. Conroy**, Thomas M. DeRose***, & William D.
Preston****

BIO:



   * Partner, Hopping Boyd Green & Sams, Tallahassee, Florida; B.A., 1964,
Florida State University; J.D., 1968, Duke University. Mr. Bibeau has lobbied
environmental issues on behalf of various business interests during the past 14
legislative sessions.

   ** Partner, Hopping Boyd Green & Sams, Tallahassee, Florida; B.A., 1976,
Bucknell University; J.D., 1979, National Law Center of George Washington
University; LL.M., 1983, Tulane University School of Law. Mr. DeRose is a former
Assistant Regional Counsel for the United States Environmental Protection Agency
in Atlanta, Georgia.

   *** Partner, Hopping Boyd Green & Sams, Tallahassee, Florida; B.S., 1969,
Rochester Institute of Technology; J.D., 1975, Florida State University. Mr.
Preston is a past Staff Director of the Florida Senate Natural Resources &
Conservation Committee.

   **** Associate Attorney, Hopping Boyd Green & Sams, Tallahassee, Florida;
B.A., 1988, University of Notre Dame; J.D., 1991, Florida State University.

   The authors wish to express their appreciation to Mr. Robert A. Manning, a
third year student at University of Tennessee College of Law and to Ms. Janyce
Dawkins, a third year student at Florida State University College of Law, for
their help researching various provisions of this complex legislation and in
preparing this Article.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... The 1988 Solid Waste Management Act established an ambitious program to
help solve Florida's tremendous solid waste problems... [and] reduce the amount
of solid waste that ultimately is sent to landfills and other solid waste
disposal facilities... Since [1988] ... there have been numerous legislative
proposals filed annually to amend various aspects of the 1988 law, but a
commitment was made to the Department of Environmental Regulation at that time
to give the new comprehensive law a chance to work before any major changes
would be made to it. ...  The local government also must assure that it will
achieve a 30% waste reduction goal, implement a mulching, composting, or other
reduction program for yard trash, implement programs for procurement of products
that meet certain recycled content requirements, and implement programs for the
collection and recycling of recovered materials from institutional, commercial,
and industrial sources. ...  The allocation earmarks $ 200,000 for the baseline
litter survey by the Center For Solid and Hazardous Waste Management; $ 500,000
for local government litter control and prevention in conjunction with the
Recycling and Education Grants program; $ 100,000 to Keep Florida Beautiful,
Inc. for grants to community programs for marine debris and litter control; and
another $ 500,000 to Keep Florida Beautiful, Inc. for its statewide marine
debris and litter control program. ...  During that time, DER promulgated rules
pertaining to the management of biohazardous waste; construction and demolition
debris; degradable plastics; solid waste combustor ash; solid waste compost;
used oil; local government grants; full-cost accounting; financial
responsibility for landfill closure and maintenance; landfill operator training;
and procedural requirements for Florida's pending advance disposal fee. ...

TEXT:
The 1988 Solid Waste Management Act established an ambitious program to help
solve Florida's tremendous solid waste problems... [and] reduce the amount of
solid waste that ultimately is sent to landfills and other solid waste disposal
facilities... Since [1988] ... there have been numerous legislative proposals
filed annually to amend various aspects of the 1988 law, but a commitment was
made to the Department of Environmental Regulation at that time to give the new
comprehensive law a chance to work before any major changes would be made to it.
n1 Since its enactment in 1988, the Solid Waste Management Act has enabled
Florida to make great progress toward solving its solid waste problems. In the
three years since the Act's passage, we have been able to identify those areas
where improvements are needed. It has become evident ... that changes and
refinements must be made to the Act to enable Florida to meet the needs of its
residents into the next century.  n2

   In 1988, the Legislature turned its attention from the higher profile waste
disposal issues related to toxic and hazardous wastes to the more  [*532]
mundane, but nonetheless serious and escalating, problems of waste management
generally. Lawmakers embraced the challenge of finding environmentally sensitive
ways to manage the burgeoning tons of garbage, trash, refuse, and other wastes
that Florida's residents, industries, mining interests, farmers, ranchers, and
government institutions were generating. On the last day of the 1988 Regular
Session, The Solid Waste Management Act of 1988 emerged from the Legislature as
the first set of comprehensive programs aimed at the mountains of solid waste
that our disposable society produces.  n3

   The 1988 Act was an ambitious effort embracing a spectrum of issues:
analyzing landfill capacities; predicting future needs and costs; pondering the
wisdom of building more waste-to-energy plants; encouraging recycling and
volume-reduction; analyzing solid waste generation rates and costs; studying the
viability of cogeneration to reduce waste handling and disposal costs; ensuring
proper disposal of hazardous, toxic, infectious and biomedical materials;
seeking alternative funding mechanisms for solid waste management; and
motivating citizens, business and government to support solid waste management
solutions.  n4 The 1988 Act mandated waste minimization, more efficient use of
available landfill capacity, enhanced litter control, and greater reliance on
recycling.  n5 The 1988 Act touched the lives of every citizen, business,
government, and tourist in Florida.  n6

   Although the 1988 Act was Florida's first comprehensive response to growing
volumes of waste, the legislation was bound for reconsideration as Florida's
solid waste agenda continued to expand. Failure of the 1988 Act's methods to win
universal acceptance also motivated policymakers to focus once again on solid
waste. Beginning with the 1989 Regular Session, and in each subsequent session,
lawmakers filed bills in both the Florida House of Representatives and the
Florida Senate to revise, refine, or repeal various provisions of the 1988 Act,
or to augment the legislation with new programs.  n7 However, the Legislature re
[*533]  frained from further revision of the 1988 Act until 1993 because various
legislators had promised the then-Department of Environmental Regulation
(DER)-now the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP)  n8 -that they would
give the Act a chance to work before allowing major revisions.  n9

   Statistics from a 1992 DEP report tell the tale of Florida's solid waste
problem: in 1991, the average generation of municipal solid waste (excluding
industrial, commercial and agricultural solid waste not destined for municipal
landfills) was 8.2 pounds per person per day, or 53,370 tons per day, or 19.5
million tons per year.  n10 Much of this waste presents special management
problems in handling the annual production of: 15 million waste tires; 52
million gallons of used oil; 3 million used refrigerators, stoves and other
"white goods"; 821,000 tons of ash from waste-to-energy facilities; nearly 4
million spent lead-acid batteries; more than 50,000 tons of biomedical waste;
and 3.2 million tons of construction and demolition debris.  n11 Based on
anticipated population growth and trends in municipal solid waste generation,
DEP estimated that Florida will generate 26 million tons a year of municipal
solid waste by the year 2000, and nearly 37 million tons a year by the year
2012.  n12

   I. Development of The Act

   Following the adjournment of the 1991 Regular Session, the House Natural
Resources Committee and the Senate Committee on Natural Resources & Conservation
undertook a review of the 1988 Act to determine whether new legislative
solutions were needed and what they might be. The committees resolved to present
their findings and recommendations to their respective houses in time for the
1992 Regular Session.  [*534]

    Following in-depth review of the 1988 Act's effectiveness, both committees
filed bills in 1992.  n13 Neither committee bill passed in the 1992 legislative
session.  n14 In spite of considerable attention to solid waste management
issues in 1991 and 1992, the 1993 Act is the only significant solid waste
legislation to emerge from the Capitol since 1988.

   During the 1993 Regular Session, lawmakers filed five major solid waste bills
in the Senate and two in the House. In the end, House Bill 461 prevailed.  n15
Governor Chiles signed House Bill 461 into law on May 12, 1993, and it became
Chapter 93-207, Laws of Florida.  n16

   II. Key Provisions of The Act

   A. Advance Disposal Fee

   1. Background

   The 1988 Solid Waste Management Act created an Advance Disposal Fee (ADF)
program which was scheduled to take effect in Octo [*535]  ber 1992 for
containers which were not yet being recycled at a designated rate.  n17 The 1988
Act provided that the ADF would apply to all cans, bottles, and jars of certain
sizes made from plastic, glass, plastic-coated paper, aluminum, and other
metals.  n18 If containers of a specific material type were not being recycled
at a sustained rate of 50% of the quantity of that type sold in Florida, retail
stores would impose a one-cent per container fee.  n19 Under the 1988 Act,
consumers would be able to return containers to recycling centers for a refund
of the ADF plus the market value of the container's material.  n20 Excess monies
collected from ADFs would go to local governments to support recycling and
litter control.  n21 In 1992, the Legislature amended the ADF program so that
the fee would not take effect until July 1, 1993, but otherwise left it as
established in 1988.  n22

   2. The 1993 Legislation

   a. New Advance Disposal Fee Program

   The 1993 Legislature substantially revised the ADF from its 1988 origin,
including another change in the effective date to October 1, 1993 for the
application of a one-cent fee to many containers sold in Florida.  n23 The
revised ADF applies to all sealed glass, plastic, plastic-coated paper, aluminum
or other metal cans, bottles, jars or beverage containers holding from five
ounces to one gallon.  n24

   b. Exemptions

   The fee has two major exemptions. The first is for containers which DEP
determines are being recycled at a sustained rate of at least 50% of the
quantity sold in Florida.  n25 Before July 1 of every year, DEP must determine
the sustained recycling rate for each container material type.  n26 If a
material type meets the 50% recycling threshold, the ADF  [*536]  will expire
for that type three months later on October 1.  n27 DEP has determined that both
steel and aluminum are being recycled at a sustained rate of more than 50%.

   Second, the 1993 Legislature provided market-based incentives for businesses
to opt out of the ADF. Individuals or businesses may petition DEP for an
exemption from the ADF by certifying one of two occurrences: first, that the
container will be among a category that will meet or exceed certain sustained
recycling material content rates for the next year;  n28 or second, that the
container material type will be removed from the waste stream in Florida and
will be recycled in designated amounts.  n29 By June 1 of each year, DEP must
take final agency action on pending exemption petitions.  n30 If granted,
exemptions will run for two years and holders may renew them by petition if
filed at least sixty days before expiration and if applicants can document to
DEP that they are still meeting the requirements.  n31 All applicants who gain
exemptions must document to DEP that they have met the goals set forth in their
petitions.  n32 If permit holders fail to meet their goals, they must refund the
ADF plus interest.  n33

   c. Collection

   One of the major debates over the last several years has been the question of
who should collect the ADF: the retailer or the distributor.  n34 The 1988 Act
provided for ADF collection at the retail level.  n35 The 1993 Legislature chose
to assess the ADF at the distributor level.  n36 In a transaction between
distributors and dealers, the distributors will  [*537]  collect the ADF.  n37
If a manufacturer sells ADF containers directly to consumers, the manufacturer
must pay the fee.  n38 If a dealer receives ADF containers on which fees have
not yet been paid, then the dealer must collect the ADF.  n39

   Fee collectors must remit proceeds each month to the Department of Revenue
(DOR) for deposit in the Solid Waste Management Trust Fund.  n40 The Department
of Business Regulation (DBR) will administer the ADF on alcoholic beverage
containers, rather than DOR.  n41 The distributor may choose to estimate ADF
payments on the basis of cash receipts of all transactions subject to the ADF,
pursuant to Department of Revenue rules.  n42 Dealers or distributors who have
paid the ADF on containers which are then exported from Florida may deduct those
fees from the amount owed to the State or may apply for a refund if they already
have paid the fees to the State.  n43

   d. Consumer Notification

   Each dealer offering containers for sale to which an ADF applies must notify
consumers of the ADF.  n44 The dealer may provide notice in several ways: on the
customer cash receipt, by affixing a display, label, or other notice prominently
near the containers, or by prominently displaying a notice in the store.  n45

   e. Use of Funds

   Another major debate over the past few years has been whether to retain the
provisions from the 1988 Act allowing for the return of containers for a refund
or to revise the program to allocate the collected  [*538]  ADF to local
government recycling programs.  n46 The 1993 Legislature deleted the
consumer-refund provisions and instead chose to allocate, after subtracting
DEP's implementation costs, 30% of ADF proceeds for supplemental grants to
counties; 12% for improving recycling markets; 19% to the Surface Water
Improvement Trust Fund; 27% to the Sewage Treatment Revolving Loan Fund; and 12%
to the Small Community Sewer Construction Assistance Trust Fund.  n47

   f. Waste Newsprint Disposal Fees

   Another advance disposal fee imposed by the 1993 Act is the Waste Newsprint
Disposal Fee.  n48 In 1991, paper comprised approximately 33% of Florida's
municipal solid waste stream.  n49 To reduce the amount of newsprint discarded
in landfills and to encourage the recycling of newsprint, the 1988 Act ordered
each county to separate most of the newspaper from its solid waste stream before
disposal.  n50 For fiscal year 1991, the statewide recycling rate goal for
newspaper was 31.7%.  n51 To help stimulate the market for recycled newsprint
and to encourage newspaper recycling, the 1993 Act increased the product waste
disposal fee from 10 to 50 cents per ton of newsprint consumed.  n52 This fee is
collected from producers or publishers based upon the total weight of newsprint
consumed in their publications.  n53 The 1993 Act also increased the existing
credit of 10 cents per ton of recycled newsprint used in the publication of
products to 50 cents per ton.  n54

   If DEP determines on October 1 of each year until 1999 that newsprint sold
within Florida is being recycled at a rate of 50% or more of the quantity sold
in the state, the newsprint disposal fee will be rescinded for the year
following that determination.  n55 If the newsprint recycling rate is less than
50%, both the disposal fee and the recycled newsprint credits will be increased
to $ 1 per ton, effective January 1 of  [*539]  the following year.  n56 If DEP
determines on October 1, 1999, and in each successive year, that newsprint sold
in Florida is being recycled at a rate of 60% or more of the quantity sold, the
disposal fee will be rescinded for the following year.  n57 If the newsprint
recycling rate is less than 60%, the disposal fee will be increased to $ 2 per
ton, effective January 1 of the next year, and the recycled newsprint credits
will be increased to $ 2 per ton when the annual aggregate consumption of
recycled fiber is at least equal to 30%.  n58

   To ensure that newsprint consumed in Florida contains sufficient recycled
fiber, the Act mandates that recycled fiber be consumed in the following
percentages of the total newsprint consumed: 20% in 1994; 25% in 1995; and 30%
in 1996 and beyond.  n59 DEP may adjust these goals each year to reflect the
availability of recycled fiber.  n60 If producers and publishers fail to meet
these goals, the annual aggregate goal will apply individually to each producer
and publisher.  n61 Producers and publishers failing to achieve the mandate will
face a fine of $ 5 per short ton multiplied by the number of tons of
recycled-content newsprint representing the shortfall.  n62 This penalty
provision will not apply if the shortfall is due to supply and quality
conditions.  n63

   g. Florida Packaging Council

   The 1993 Act created the Florida Packaging Council in DEP to ensure that the
recycled material content goals specified in the law are technically sound and
achievable.  n64 The Council consists of twenty-four members from environmental
groups, state and local governments, and certain designated industry groups,
including the Florida Retail Federation, the Grocery Manufacturers of America,
the Society of Plastics Industry, and the Associated Industries of Florida.  n65
The Governor, the President of the Senate, and the Speaker of the House of
Representatives appoint the members to staggered three-year terms.  n66 The
Council must report on each type of packaging material  [*540]  to the Governor
and the Legislature on December 1 annually. The reports must recommend
legislation to develop a comprehensive package reduction and market development
program and must contain information on each type of packaging material and its
recovery rate, recycled content rate, and source reduction rate compared to the
national rates.  n67

   h. Material-Specific ADF Evaluation

   In consultation with the Center for Solid and Hazardous Waste Management, DEP
must evaluate by July 1, 1996 the feasibility and propriety of imposing a
material-specific ADF in lieu of the present scheme.  n68 DEP must make its
report to the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of
Representatives by October 1, 1996.  n69

   B. Flow Control

   The term "flow control" refers to the authority of state or local governments
to require solid waste generated in the area to be collected by certain entities
(usually the local government or its franchisee) and delivered to a certain
facility for handling, treatment, recycling or disposal.  n70 The State, to
protect the financial stability of public facilities, has determined that any
local government that undertakes resource recovery from solid waste may
institute its own flow control ordinance to ensure that the facility receives an
adequate quantity of the waste generated within its jurisdiction.  n71

   In 1992, DER convened a Flow Control Task Force to discuss issues relating to
the control and disposition of solid waste and recycled materials.  n72 During
the 1993 Legislative Session, the League of Cities, Association of Counties, and
a group of private recyclers and haulers formed the Flow Control Work Group to
draft compromise language. These two groups provided recommendations which were
incorporated into the 1993 Act.  n73

   1. Flow Control Restrictions

   The legislation clarifies that the authority to institute flow control
measures does not extend to recovered materials, regardless of whether  [*541]
they are separated at the point of generation or after collection.  n74 The 1993
Act further provides that a local government is expressly authorized to enter
into

   a nonexclusive franchise or to otherwise provide for the collection,
transportation, and processing of recovered materials at commercial
establishments provided that such franchise or provision does not prohibit a
certified recovered materials dealer from entering into a contract with a
commercial establishment to purchase, collect, transport, process, or receive
source separated recovered materials...  n75

   Nevertheless, local governments still may enter into exclusive franchises or
otherwise provide for the exclusive collection, transportation or processing of
materials recovered from single-family or multi-family residential properties.
n76 The 1993 Act authorizes local governments to require that commercial
establishments source separate their recovered materials at their
establishments.  n77

   2. Certification and Registration of Dealers

   In 1993, the Legislature also created section 403.7046, Florida Statutes,
which imposes a certification requirement for "any person who handles,
purchases, receives, recovers, sells, or is an end user of recovered
materials...."  n78 Any person who wishes to deal with recovered materials must
provide annual certification to DEP, and the agency must adopt certification
rules.  n79 DEP may by rule exempt certain categories of people, such as those
who generate recovered materials or who handle or sell recovered materials
incidentally to their normal primary business.  n80 The legislation requires DEP
to appoint a technical advisory committee of up to nine people to help develop
certification-related rules.  n81  [*542]

    Before conducting business in a jurisdiction, a recovered materials dealer
must also register with that local government by providing a copy of its DEP
certification.  n82 This registration is limited to providing the dealer's name,
its officers and directors or partners, the company address, evidence of DEP
certification, and a statement that recovered materials will be processed at a
facility that meets the requirements of the Act.  n83 Local governments may
charge a registration fee equal to its cost of registration,  n84 and they may
establish a process to revoke the registration of a dealer who, "after
reasonable notice ... and an opportunity to be heard by an impartial party, has
consistently and repeatedly violated state or local laws, ordinances, rules, and
regulations."  n85 Thus, although the local government does not have a great
deal of control over recovered materials dealers, it has the authority to
protect against sham recycling.  n86

   C. Markets for Recycled Materials

   For Florida's recycling and waste reduction programs to succeed, there must
be adequate markets for recycled materials.  n87 Recognizing the need to develop
such markets, the 1993 Legislature looked first to state government. Agencies
procuring commodities which cost in excess of a specified threshold amount must
award contracts for the purchase of those commodities by competitive sealed bid.
n88 The 1993 Act requires each state agency to eliminate any procedure or
specification that explicitly discriminates against products and materials
containing recycled materials.  n89 In awarding a contract for the purchase of
commodities, the state is permitted to allow a 10% price preference to a
responsive bidder who certifies that the commodity contains at least the minimum
percentage of recycled content.  n90 The 1993 Act provides that an additional 5%
price preference may be given to a responsive bidder who certifies that the
commodity is made of recycled materials recovered in Florida.  n91 Recycled
paper purchased by state agencies  [*543]  must contain at least 10%
"postconsumer recovered materials."  n92 The Department of Management Services,
Division of Purchasing, must establish goals for state agencies in procuring
products with recycled content and postconsumer content,  n93 and the agencies
must report annually to the Division of Purchasing on their procurement of
recycled content products and materials.  n94 State agencies and contractors
must buy recycled products and materials when the Division of Purchasing
determines that the products or materials are available.  n95

   In addition, the Legislature created the Recycled Markets Advisory Committee
to plan for new market opportunities for recovered materials.  n96 The Committee
was mandated to have set goals by October 1, 1993 and was provided direction to
develop and expand recovered material markets.  n97 The legislation sets forth
specific areas to be considered in developing the plan.  n98 The Committee must
also submit annual reports to the Governor and the Legislature on its progress.
n99

   D. Toxics in Packaging

   Since passage of the 1988 Act, public health and environmental concerns about
the disposal of solid waste into landfills or incinerators have increased
dramatically.  n100 Based on those concerns, the Senate and House Natural
Resources committees included methods for reducing toxics in packaging in their
1991-92 interim solid waste studies, and the proposals they considered in the
1993 session.  n101

   The toxic packaging provisions in the 1993 Act  n102 are similar to the Model
Toxics Legislation  n103 developed by the Source Reduction Council of the
Coalition of Northeastern Governors.  n104 Beginning July 1,  [*544]  1994, the
provisions limit the amount of the heavy metals lead, cadmium, mercury and
hexavalent chromium permitted in packaging, including intermediate packages and
shipping containers, and packaging components.  n105 After July 1, 1996,
packaging may contain only 0.01% of those heavy metals.  n106

   The 1993 Act exempts some packages and components from its new standards.
n107 Industrial packaging components intended to protect, secure, close, unitize
and prevent pilferage of products destined for commercial use are excluded from
the definition of packaging component and are therefore not subject to the
provisions of the Act.  n108 In addition, packages and components manufactured
before the effective date of the Act and packages containing alcoholic beverages
bottled before July 1, 1993, are specifically exempted.  n109 Manufacturers that
add heavy metals to packages and components to comply with health or safety
requirements of federal or state law, or who claim they have no feasible
alternatives,  n110 are authorized to petition DEP for a two-year exemption for
those packages and components.  n111 DEP may renew an exemption for an
additional two years.  n112 Packages and components that would not exceed the
heavy metal limits but for the addition of recycled materials are exempt until
July 1, 1998.  n113

   By July 1, 1994, the manufacturer or distributor of a package or component
not exempted by the Act must provide to the purchaser of the package or
component a certificate of compliance signed by an authorized official of the
manufacturing or distributing company.  n114 If a manufacturer or distributor
complies based on one of the exemptions the Act allows, the certificate must
state the specific basis for that exemption.  n115 The public may obtain a copy
of the certificate of compliance from the manufacturer or distributor.  n116

   DEP, in consultation with the Center for Solid and Hazardous Waste Management
, will review the effectiveness of the packaging pro [*545]  visions by December
1, 1996, and provide a written report to the Governor and the Legislature.  n117
The report must describe any elements substituted for the specified heavy metals
and may recommend additions to the list of restricted toxic substances.  n118

   E. Batteries

   The 1993 Act substantially expands the lead-acid battery provisions of the
1988 Act.  n119 Various studies indicating high concentrations of mercury in
fish and wildlife in some areas of Florida were a key reason the Legislature
developed additional regulations for battery disposal.  n120 The new provisions
address the perceived mercury problem by: limiting the amount of mercury allowed
in alkaline-manganese and zinc-carbon batteries;  n121 banning certain button
dry-cell batteries;  n122 banning from the mixed solid waste stream dry cell
batteries with mercuric-oxide electrodes, rechargeable batteries and products
containing those batteries;  n123 establishing systems for the separation of
rechargeable and other batteries from the solid waste stream;  n124 mandating
product changes to facilitate the removal of batteries;  n125 and implementing
collection of mercuric-oxide and rechargeable batteries by manufacturers,
distributors and marketers.  n126

   In addition, legislators attempted to heighten consumer awareness of the
battery disposal ban and recycling initiatives by requiring recycling and
disposal information in product instruction manuals.  n127 They also voted to
require battery manufacturers and distributors to inform purchasers of the
disposal prohibition and battery return systems.  n128 Finally, manufacturers
and marketers of rechargeable batteries and products powered by the batteries
must implement pilot projects for collecting the batteries and related products
and must report project results to DEP.  n129 These projects may increase the
efficiency of the bat [*546]  tery collection and transportation systems
ultimately put into effect in Florida.

   F. Mercury Devices and Lamps  n130

   Another example of the Legislature's sensitivity to disposal of mercury
products was the enactment of provisions to separate from the solid waste stream
those electrical products, other than batteries, that release mercury into the
environment.  n131 After July 1, 1994, spent mercury lamps may not knowingly be
incinerated in any incinerator, except those operating under state or federal
hazardous waste permits.  n132 After January 1, 1996, a mercury device may not
knowingly be incinerated or disposed of in a landfill.  n133 Beginning July 1,
1994, any person operating an industrial or commercial facility that disposes of
more than ten spent lamps  n134 per month must arrange for disposal of the lamps
in permitted, lined landfills or permitted reclamation facilities.  n135 DEP
must organize and coordinate a cooperative, public-private demonstration project
to evaluate the feasibility of collecting and recycling mercury devices and
spent lamps.  n136 DEP also must have reported the progress of the demonstration
project and have recommended further action to the Governor and the Legislature
by January 1, 1994.  n137

   G. Environmental Representations  n138

   As consumers become increasingly sensitized to environmental issues, product
advertising campaigns and product labels have begun to include claims that the
products are "green" or environmentally friendly. The 1993 Act attempts to
eliminate false, misleading or confusing claims in environmental advertising.
Any person who represents in advertising, or on the label or container of a
consumer product, that the product is not harmful to or is beneficial to the
environment, must maintain records documenting and supporting the validity of
the repre [*547]  sentation.  n139 Examples of the types of claims that require
support are "environmentally friendly," "ecologically sound," "environmentally
safe," "recyclable," "biodegradable," "photodegradable" and "ozone friendly."
n140 The section does not apply to recycling instructions on the label or
container of a product.  n141

   H. Hazardous Waste Incinerators

   The Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986 (SARA)  n142
mandates that each state demonstrate that it possesses, either alone or with
other states, sufficient capacity to treat or dispose of the hazardous waste
generated in that state to receive federal funding for contaminated site
cleanups under the Superfund program.  n143 When the Act was passed in 1986,
Florida was unable to meet this capacity requirement.  n144 The State still
lacked sufficient capacity late in 1993.  n145

   Over the last few years, efforts to address the need for additional hazardous
waste treatment and disposal capacity have focused on construction of one or
more hazardous waste incinerators in Florida.  n146 In 1983, the Legislature
directed DER to select a site to construct a multipurpose statewide hazardous
waste facility to address the state's need for hazardous waste treatment and
disposal capacity.  n147 Accordingly, the Environmental Regulation Commission
selected a site in Union County, and in 1989 the Legislature directed DER to
contract with a private firm to construct the facility.  n148 Despite efforts to
lure a private enterprise to create this hazardous waste facility in Union
County, no firm has proposed such a project.  n149

   Also in 1989, the Legislature created the Statewide Multipurpose Hazardous
Waste Facility Siting Act,  n150 embodying a one-stop permitting process aimed
at streamlining the siting and permitting of hazard [*548]  ous waste treatment
and disposal facilities. In the early 1990s, efforts to address Florida's need
for hazardous waste treatment and disposal capacity focused on two projects
proposed by competing private firms.  n151 Permit applications for both projects
were submitted to DER in 1992, but by late 1993 one project was withdrawn and
the other still was waiting for a construction permit.  n152 Both projects met
with substantial local opposition from concerned citizens and environmental
groups, who alleged, among other issues, that toxic emissions from the proposed
hazardous waste incinerators would harm human health and the environment near
the incinerators. Opponents were particularly worried about the potential for
significant emissions of mercury.  n153 DEP expressed additional concern that if
both of the proposed facilities were built, they would provide substantially
more hazardous waste incineration capacity than Florida needed in the early
1990s or even in the future.  n154

   Against this backdrop, the Legislature determined in the 1993 Regular Session
that a moratorium should be imposed on all commercial hazardous waste
incinerator projects,  n155 including those already proposed, that all such
facilities should be subject to stringent new permitting criteria, and that DEP
should not allow construction of commercial hazardous waste incinerators that
would provide more capacity than needed in Florida.  n156 The Legislature noted
that the long-term, cumulative effects of commercial hazardous waste
incinerators on human health and the environment are not adequately known.  n157
At the same time, waste reduction and recycling programs, changes in the
classification and regulation of hazardous waste, continuing technological
developments, and reported excess hazardous waste incineration capacity in other
states may significantly influence Florida's capacity  [*549]  needs in the near
future.  n158 For these reasons, the Legislature established new permitting
criteria for all commercial hazardous waste incinerators in Florida, which
include a need-evaluation process, and directed DEP to study commercial
hazardous waste incineration needs.  n159 Florida will not issue permits to new
commercial hazardous waste incinerators until DEP's study is complete.  n160

   Under the new permitting criteria, every proposed commercial hazardous waste
incinerator, including those for which applications have already been filed with
DEP, must obtain a certification of need from the Statewide Multipurpose
Hazardous Waste Facility Siting Board, comprised of the Governor and Cabinet.
n161 The Board will evaluate the need for the proposed facility "based upon the
best available evidence of existing and projected need and available capacity,
as presented by the applicant, and as determined by the study" conducted by DEP
under the Act.  n162 Because the Board cannot determine such need until DEP has
concluded its study,  n163 the requirement effectively imposed an eighteen-month
moratorium on the permitting of any commercial hazardous waste incinerator in
Florida.

   In addition to obtaining a need certification, any proposed commercial
hazardous waste incinerator must evaluate and report to DEP the "cumulative
impacts upon human health and the environment which would result from toxic air
emissions" from the proposed incinerator and any other existing or proposed
sources of air emissions near the site of the proposed incinerator.  n164 The
proposed incinerator cannot knowingly accept for incineration any waste the U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) classifies as containing organic mercury,
and the facility must implement adequate procedures to screen wastes containing
organic mercury before incineration.  n165 Finally, the facility must control
air emissions of mercury by incorporating "maximum achievable control technology
(MACT) for control of mercury emissions."  n166

   As noted above, DEP must assess Florida's needs for hazardous waste
incineration. This assessment must be completed either by November 1, 1994 or by
DEP's deadline to submit a revised hazardous  [*550]  waste capacity assurance
plan to the EPA, whichever occurs sooner.  n167 At a minimum, the study must
examine all: "existing and projected sources, amounts and types of hazardous
waste in the state for which incineration is an appropriate treatment
alternative;"  n168 current and planned hazardous waste incineration capacity,
including that of boilers and industrial furnaces, in Florida and the rest of
the country;  n169 incineration needs in light of recycling and waste reduction
programs;  n170 and any other anticipated impacts from construction of hazardous
waste incinerators in Florida.  n171 At the conclusion of its study, DEP must
report to the Statewide Multipurpose Hazardous Waste Facility Siting Board and
the Legislature specifying its findings and recommendations, including proposed
changes in state policy, law, or rules for hazardous waste management and "the
advisability [of] establishing by statute the maximum capacity for hazardous
waste incineration" in Florida.  n172

   I. Waste-To-Energy Incinerators

   A waste-to-energy facility burns solid waste at high temperatures, reducing
it to fine ash and producing electricity, steam, or other useful energy
byproducts.  n173 The term excludes any facility that primarily burns fuels
other than solid waste.  n174

   In 1991, approximately 17% of Florida's municipal solid waste was burned in
fourteen waste-to-energy plants.  n175 Late in 1991, three new plants went into
service and a fifteenth plant, Florida's largest, was under construction in
1993.  n176 The capacity of the new plants meant that about one-third of all
municipal solid waste generated in Florida would be burned as waste-to-energy.
n177  [*551]

    Because of reliance on waste-to-energy plants for management of solid waste,
the Legislature adopted new criteria for the permitting and siting of
waste-to-energy plants to prevent subversion of recycling and waste reduction
goals.  n178 The new criteria require that DEP determine the need for additional
facilities and capacity before a new waste-to-energy plant is built or before
present capacity is expanded.  n179 DEP must adopt administrative rules
embodying the new criteria.  n180

   Before DEP may issue a construction permit for a new waste-to-energy plant or
for an expansion permit that would significantly increase a plant's capacity,
the applicant must show a need for the new capacity which the feasible use of
recycling or waste reduction cannot meet.  n181 The applicant also must show
that other waste-to-energy plants within reasonable and economically practical
distances do not have sufficient capacity.  n182 In addition, the applicant must
provide reasonable assurance that the jurisdiction in which the new capacity is
planned has a program to separate small-quantity generator and household
hazardous waste, mercury devices and mercuric-oxide batteries from the waste
stream before incineration.  n183 The program must be implemented by the time
the permitted facility begins operation.  n184 The local government also must
assure that it will achieve a 30% waste reduction goal,  n185 implement a
mulching, composting, or other reduction program for yard trash,  n186 implement
programs for procurement of products that meet certain recycled content
requirements,  n187 and implement programs for the collection and recycling of
recovered materials from institutional, commercial, and industrial sources.
n188 Finally, the permittee also must show that the proposed facility will
comply with all requirements of the local comprehensive plan  n189 and
applicable local  [*552]  ordinances,  n190 and that the facility substantially
complies with existing permit or enforcement orders issued by any regulatory
agency.  n191

   The 1993 Act also requires DEP to fund a pilot project "to evaluate the
effectiveness of efforts to reduce emissions from waste-to-energy facilities
through front-end separation or waste cleaning programs."  n192 The pilot
project, to be located in a jurisdiction with a waste-to-energy plant,  n193
must evaluate the effectiveness of programs for removing or treating toxic
materials found in the waste stream before incineration,  n194 as well as the
effect of such removal programs on air emissions from the waste-to-energy
facility.  n195 The pilot project must be completed by October 1, 1995, and DEP
must provide a final report to the Legislature by December 1, 1995.  n196

   J. Agricultural and Trench Burning

   Although the 1993 Act imposed stringent new requirements on waste-to-energy
and hazardous waste incinerators and on the burning of mercury devices, the
Legislature expressly exempted from solid waste permitting requirements certain
open burning associated with agriculture.  n197 The previous statute exempted
any "disposal of solid waste resulting from normal farming operations."  n198

   The Legislature exempted several types of waste materials produced during
"agricultural operations related to growing, harvesting, or maintenance of
crops."  n199 These wastes, if they cannot be feasibly recycled, may be disposed
of by open burning, if the burning will not create a public nuisance, will not
violate state or federal ambient air quality standards, and will not otherwise
harm human health or the environment.  n200

   Except as provided in the agricultural exemption,  n201 however, open burning
of solid waste is prohibited. The Act specifically prohibits the  [*553]  use of
air-curtain incinerators and trench burning at solid waste management facilities
unless such activities are specifically authorized by DEP in a solid waste
management permit.  n202

   K. Illegal Dumping and Control of Litter and Marine Debris

   To protect Florida's natural beauty, the 1993 Act mandates the creation of a
comprehensive program to combat illegal dumping, litter, and marine debris.
n203 The Legislature concluded that a program which includes the following will
promote the state's economy:  n204 a statewide public awareness and educational
campaign coordinated by Keep Florida Beautiful, Inc.; enforcement officers
responsible for grassroots education, as well as enforcement of litter and
dumping regulations; county-level efforts to combat illegal dumping, litter, and
marine debris; a statewide adopt-a-shore program covering beaches, rivers, and
lakes; distribution of approved litter and recycling receptacles; and other
educational efforts.  n205

   The 1993 Act also establishes a litter reduction goal of 50% between January
1, 1994 and January 1, 1997.  n206 DEP must contract for yearly litter surveys,
the first of which to be completed by January 1, 1994.  n207 Along with serving
as a baseline for litter and marine debris, the initial survey will include a
methodology for measuring the reduction of litter and marine debris.  n208
Beginning July 1, 1995, DEP must evaluate the annual litter surveys and, if
necessary, recommend to the Governor and the Legislature by October 1, 1996
which containers, product packaging or items found in the litter stream should
be subject to an ADF.  n209

   L. Phosphogypsum Stack Regulation

   Historically, the phosphate industry has processed mined phosphate rock in
Florida to facilitate the commercial production of fertilizer products.  n210
This industrial process of combining sulfuric acid and phosphate rock to convert
the rock into fertilizer and other products  [*554]  continues today.  n211 This
process produces a by-product called "phosphogypsum," which consists of calcium
sulfate and other materials. Phosphogypsum is typically "stacked" at the site of
the processing facility in large open-air mounds covering many acres.  n212

   A somewhat diverse set of DEP rules applies to the regulation of
phosphogypsum stacks.  n213 In addition, other agency programs and local
government standards may apply.  n214 Although the 1993 Act requires that the
Department develop a specific and separate program to regulate phosphogypsum
stack systems, the agency already was involved in its regulation before the
Act's passage.  n215 In the early 1990s DER proposed regulations which were
finalized and codified in 1993 at chapter 17-673, Florida Administrative Code.
n216

   These rules contain permitting requirements for phosphogypsum stack systems
and criteria for their construction, operation, closure, long-term care and
financial responsibility.  n217 Given these standards, the Act's directive had
essentially already been met.

   The Act requires DEP to charge fees sufficient to cover the costs of
reviewing permit applications and other agency activities related to the
phosphogypsum program.  n218 Specifically, DEP must charge an annual
registration fee for stacks not yet closed to pay for the Department's review of
applications for stack closure or the construction of new stacks, or for
deferral of mandatory closure requirements.  n219 Lastly, the Act limits the
total registration fees for each fiscal year and provides a methodology for
establishing the annual registration fee.  n220

   M. Used Oil

   Like the 1988 Solid Waste Management Act, the 1993 Act again addresses
regulation of used oil in Florida.  n221 Between 1988 and 1993, the  [*555]  EPA
issued management standards that cover all segments of the used-oil recycling
system.  n222 Various provisions of the 1993 Act seek to conform Florida's
used-oil recycling and regulatory program to various components of the EPA
program already in place. In doing this, the Act uses the new term "processing"
instead of the term "reclaiming."  n223 In addition, the Act deletes the key
term "used oil recycling facility."  n224 Also, registration requirements have
been amended and established for used-oil transporters and transfer facilities,
used-oil processors and re-refiners, used-oil burners, and used-oil fuel
marketers.  n225

   The Act makes it clear that Florida will continue to have authority to
regulate used oil consistent with EPA regulations to avoid duplicating state and
federal regulatory programs.  n226 The EPA does not regulate used oil as a
hazardous waste, and Florida law makes such regulation optional.  n227 The 1993
Act also provides that the permit requirements for used-oil management
facilities would apply to "processing and re-refining facilities," rather than
to recycling facilities under the 1988 Act.  n228 This change is potentially
significant because of the new and broad meaning of the term "processing" and
due to the elimination of the term "used oil recycling facility" as noted above.
n229 Now, "each person who intends to operate, modify, or close a used oil
processing facility [must] obtain an operation or closure permit from the
Department prior to operating, modifying, or closing the facility."  n230
However, the 1993 Act still provides for certain used-oil permitting exemptions.
n231  [*556]

    N. Definitions and Exemptions

   As with any new environmental law covering complex subjects such as solid and
hazardous waste management, it is important to define key terms. Under the 1993
Act, even the basic term "solid waste" was not immune from legislative
tinkering. Under the new law, the term was amended to include "sludge
unregulated under the federal Clean Water Act or Clean Air Act, sludge from a
waste treatment works, water supply treatment plant, or air pollution control
facility...."  n232 Dropped from the list of materials previously considered
solid waste were yard trash, clean debris, white goods, ashes and sludge.  n233
However, these materials do not escape regulation because the Act moves them
into the category of "special wastes."  n234 The terms that identify the breadth
of solid waste regulation also were modified. "Solid waste management" now
includes "closure and long-term maintenance."  n235 A "solid waste management
facility" encompasses a "materials recovery facility" but does not include
"recovered materials processing facilities which meet the requirements of s.
403.7046(4), [Florida Statutes,] except the portion ... if any, that is used for
the management of solid waste."  n236 To avoid the stigma or purported linkage
with true hazardous waste, the Act substitutes "biomedical" for "biohazardous,"
while leaving the accompanying definition almost completely unaltered.  n237
Further, the Act amends the term "construction and demolition debris" to include
debris from sites remote to the construction or demolition project.  n238

   In defining terms, the Legislature continued the 1988 Act's intent to foster
the recycling and recovery of materials that would otherwise become solid waste.
The Act redefines "recovered materials"  n239 and adds new subsections defining
"pelletized paper waste" and "source separated" materials.  n240 "Materials
recovery facility" now means "a solid waste management facility that provides
for the extraction from solid waste of recyclable materials, materials suitable
for use as a fuel or soil amendment, or any combination of such materials."
n241 This type of  [*557]  operation is commonly termed a "dirty MRF" because it
can produce both recyclable materials and solid waste, which requires management
and disposal.  n242 Also, the Act creates the term "recovered materials
processing facility" which means "a facility engaged solely in the storage,
processing, resale, or reuse of recovered materials."  n243 In contrast to the
"dirty MRF," a recovered materials processing facility is known as a "clean MRF"
because it handles only recyclable or recovered materials which generate only
incidental solid wastes.  n244

   In adopting its definitions, the Legislature prohibited any county or
municipality from adopting definitions that conflict with those in the Act.
n245

   Perhaps the most apparent expression of the Legislature's intent that
recycling continue was the addition of this statement after the definition of
solid waste: "Recovered materials as defined in [section] 403.703(7) are not
solid waste."  n246

   The Act also makes clear that the solid waste laws do not cover "recovered
materials processing facilities" provided certain criteria are met.  n247 These
criteria specify that a facility must demonstrate that a majority of the
recovered materials were sold, used or reused within one year; the products or
by-products of processing operations must not present a threat of environmental
contamination exceeding applicable Department standards; the recovered materials
must not constitute hazardous waste; and, new in the 1993 Act, the facility must
be registered under new provisions and procedures specified in section 403.7046,
Florida Statutes.  n248

   Additionally, the statute creates a new exemption for the category of
"industrial by-products" if a majority of such materials are demonstrated to be
sold, used or reused within one year; the industrial by-products do not present
a threat of environmental contamination exceeding Department standards; and the
industrial by-products are not hazardous wastes.  n249 The term "industrial
by-products," however, is not defined. Therefore, agencies implementing this and
other provi [*558]  sions of the Act are likely to address the scope of the new
solid waste exemption when future amendments to present solid waste rules are
considered.  n250

   O. Local Government Impact

   1. Infrastructure Surtax

   The 1993 Act gave local governments more flexibility in financing the closure
of landfills by amending section 212.055, Florida Statutes,  n251 to allow local
governments to use revenue from the Discretionary Local Government
Infrastructure Surtax to finance the closure of county or municipal landfills
that are closed or under DEP orders to close.  n252 In addition, although local
governments may not use the tax for operational expenses, counties with a
population smaller than 50,000 and that are under a DEP order to close a
landfill may use tax proceeds or attendant interest for long-term maintenance
costs associated with closure.  n253

   2. Local Recycling Goals

   Under the 1988 Act, county solid waste management and recycling programs had
to meet the municipal solid waste volume reduction goal of at least 30% by the
end of 1994.  n254 The 1988 Act required that the programs seek to recover a
majority of newspaper, aluminum cans, glass and plastic bottles.  n255 The 1993
Act adds steel cans to this list  n256 and also requires counties to cooperate
with the private sector in considering plans for composting or mulching organic
materials that would otherwise be dumped in a landfill.  n257

   The 1988 Act provided that yard trash, white goods, construction and
demolition debris and waste tires could not contribute to more  [*559]  than
one-half of the 30% reduction goal.  n258 The 1993 Act provides alternatives to
that limitation. One such alternative applies to counties that are special
districts created under chapter 67-764, Laws of Florida. Those districts may
meet an alternate goal of reducing their Class I municipal solid waste at the
same rate as the twenty most populous counties.  n259 Another exemption is for
counties using pelletized paper waste as a supplemental fuel in permitted
boilers, or using yard trash in innovative programs such as producing
alternative clean-burning fuel if the county also has implemented a yard trash
mulching or composting program.  n260 Finally, the 1993 Act provides an
alternative to the 30% waste reduction goal for counties with fewer than 50,000
residents.  n261 Those counties are allowed to provide residents an "opportunity
to recycle" in lieu of achieving the 30% reduction goal,  n262 which means they
must provide a system for separating and collecting recyclable materials at a
solid waste management facility or for collecting source-separated recyclables.
n263 The counties also must provide public education on recycling.  n264 A
county choosing this alternative must have notified DEP by October 1, 1993 and
have described its plan for meeting these requirements.  n265

   3. Solid Waste Management Grant Program

   Under the 1993 Act, grants of up to $ 50,000 are available for small
counties, doubling the $ 25,000 available under the 1988 Act.  n266 The Act also
increases the county population eligibility requirements for the grants from
30,000 to 50,000, and extends the period of eligibility from 1993 to 1996.  n267
The waste-reduction goals and requirements discussed above are important because
the 1993 Act requires DEP to consider a local government's progress in achieving
them when determining the amount of grant money to appropriate to the local
government.  n268 DEP may reduce or eliminate grants based upon a local
government's  [*560]  progress in meeting the reduction goals,  n269 its
progress in procuring products made with recycled materials, in complying with
rules relating to full-cost accounting, or in meeting any other state
requirement for solid waste management.  n270

   Each eligible county or municipality receiving a grant must submit an annual
report to DEP describing the government's programs and performance.  n271 The
legislation requires the local government to demonstrate that the grant money
will provide recycling both for single-family and multi-family dwellings.  n272

   4. Local Hazardous Waste Collection Grants

   In 1988, the Legislature established a grant program for local governments
that wish to provide a local or regional hazardous waste collection center.
n273 To promote local hazardous waste collection, the 1993 Legislature added a
financial incentive to the existing local government grant programs. Now, a
local hazardous waste collection center grantee may receive a grant if it
provides an amnesty day in a neighboring county that does not have a permanent
collection center.  n274 The financial lure amounts to an additional grant of up
to $ 35,000 with maximums of $ 25,000 for reimbursement and $ 10,000 to the host
local government.  n275 The 1993 Act gives DEP power to establish an additional
local project grant program of up to $ 50,000 for "unique projects that improve
the collection and lower the incidence of improper management of conditionally
exempt or household hazardous waste."  n276

   III. Funding and Expenditures

   Along with creating and revising programs in the 1993 Act, the Legislature
also appropriated substantial new funding and authorized new personnel for the
Department of Environmental Protection and the Department of Revenue to
implement the 1993 amendments. Most of  [*561]  the fiscal year 1993-94 funds
were allocated from the Solid Waste Management Trust Fund (SWMTF), which the
1988 Act created.  n277

   The Legislature appropriated $ 100,000 to DEP from the SWMTF for a pilot
project "to evaluate the effectiveness of efforts to reduce [air] emissions from
waste-to-energy facilities through front-end separation or waste cleaning
programs."  n278

   It also appropriated funds to implement recycling programs under the 1993
amendments. The Department of Management Services (DMS) received $ 300,000 from
the SWMTF to contract for a technical study to establish thresholds for recycled
content in products DMS purchases for the State.  n279 The 1993 Act specifies a
minimum list of materials to be studied,  n280 and DMS must report its
recommendations to the Legislature by October 1, 1994.  n281 The Legislature
also appropriated $ 300,000 from the SWMTF to the Department of Commerce for
first-year activities of the Recycled Markets Advisory Committee.  n282

   DEP also received $ 1.3 million from the SWMTF to implement various litter
and marine debris control programs addressed in the 1993 Act.  n283 The
allocation earmarks $ 200,000 for the baseline litter survey by the Center For
Solid and Hazardous Waste Management;  n284 $ 500,000 for local government
litter control and prevention in conjunction with the Recycling and Education
Grants program;  n285 $ 100,000 to Keep Florida Beautiful, Inc. for grants to
community programs for marine debris and litter control;  n286 and another $
500,000 to Keep Florida Beautiful, Inc. for its statewide marine debris and
litter control program.  n287  [*562]

    The Legislature appropriated $ 590,000 from the Operating Trust Fund and
authorized the creation of eight new staff positions at DEP to implement the new
regulations covering phosphogypsum stack systems.  n288 The 1993 Act also
includes an appropriation of $ 880,000 from the SWMTF to the Department of
Health and Rehabilitative Services (HRS) to implement the new and revised
regulatory programs governing biomedical waste packaging, treatment, storage and
disposal.  n289 DEP will receive $ 500,000 from the SWMTF for the needs and
capacity study for hazardous waste incinerator permitting in Florida.  n290

   The largest appropriations under the 1993 Act relate to implementation of the
advance disposal fee to encourage container recycling. The Legislature
appropriated $ 750,000 from the SWMTF and authorized fifteen new positions at
DEP for implementation of the disposal fee.  n291 In addition, lawmakers
appropriated $ 2,557,553 from the Administrative Trust Fund and authorized 105
new positions at the Department of Revenue for disposal fee operations.  n292

   IV. Agency Rulemaking and Implementation

   A. Historical Perspective

   After enactment of the 1988 Florida Solid Waste Management Act,  n293 DER
began rulemaking to implement the Act's ambitious provisions and only concluded
its work in March 1993, literally on the eve of the 1993 Act's passage. During
that time, DER promulgated rules pertaining to the management of biohazardous
waste;  n294 construction and demolition debris;  n295 degradable plastics;
n296 solid waste combustor  [*563]  ash;  n297 solid waste compost;  n298 used
oil;  n299 local government grants;  n300 full-cost accounting;  n301 financial
responsibility for landfill closure and maintenance;  n302 landfill operator
training;  n303 and procedural requirements for Florida's pending advance
disposal fee.  n304 The final act of rulemaking in March 1993 pertained to the
permitting and management of phosphogypsum stack systems.  n305

   Perhaps the most significant solid waste-related rule overhauled between 1988
and 1993 was chapter 17-701, Florida Administrative Code . The intent of this
far-reaching rule was to establish standards for the construction, operation,
and closure of solid waste management facilities to minimize their threat to
public health and the environment.  n306 While rulemaking was proceeding on many
of the other solid waste-related rules cited above, the Department appointed a
technical advisory committee to provide advice on detailed standards and
criteria contained in the facilities management rule.  n307 After three years of
work, numerous drafts and rewrites, several meetings of the advisory committee,
and opportunities for public comment on proposed rules, the Florida
Environmental Regulation Commission  n308 adopted a major restructuring of
chapter 17-701, Florida Administrative Code, on December 17, 1992. The rule took
effect on January 6, 1993.

   B. Rulemaking

   Not to be outdone by the 1988 Legislature, the drafters of the 1993 Act made
certain the executive branch would have plenty of opportunities to adopt rules
under the Act. Notwithstanding the January 1993 effective date of new chapter
17-701, Florida Administrative Code , DEP has already proposed further revisions
for that chapter to make  [*564]  changes required under the 1993 Act,  n309 and
to conform Florida rules to EPA solid waste-related regulations.  n310 These new
amendments were scheduled to take effect in 1993.  n311

   DEP and other agencies also will promulgate other significant rules under the
Act. Consistent with the Act's focus on recycling and reuse, all state agencies
are encouraged to review and revise procurement procedures and specifications
for products containing recycled and postconsumer content, and the Department of
Management Services has responsibility to develop postconsumer and recycled
content goals for agency purchases.  n312 State agencies also may consider
"life-cycle costing"  n313 when evaluating bids on products that contain
recycled materials. The Department of Management Services must develop
evaluation criteria for these bids, and the rules must consider warranty periods
for products and the comparative expected service life relative to product cost.
n314 Lastly, as an additional incentive for state purchase of goods with
recycled content, the Department may propose rules creating price preferences to
responsive bidders offering products or materials containing recycled content
and postconsumer waste.  n315 Under existing rules, up to a 10% price preference
may be granted to a bidder that certifies its products or materials contain at
least the minimum percentage of recycled content.  n316 The 1993 Act also
extends this same percentage price preference to bidders certifying that their
products contain postconsumer material.  n317 Additionally, rules may establish
a further 5% price preference for those certifying that their products are made
of materials recovered in Florida.  n318 A Department of Manage [*565]  ment
Services rule will measure the price preference on a sliding scale, commensurate
with the certified amount of recycled content and content from products recycled
in Florida.  n319 The rule will take effect after October 31, 1994.  n320

   DEP and DOR will promulgate other rules as needed to implement the major
changes to the advance disposal fee.  n321 In addition, the heads of both
agencies have specific authority to adopt emergency rules on this subject
pursuant to Florida's Administrative Procedures Act, section 120.54(9), Florida
Statutes.  n322 DEP expected to make significant amendments to its advance
disposal fee rules codified under chapter 17-714, Florida Administrative Code,
by January 1994.  n323 DEP planned to promulgate rules on the new categories of
"Recovered Materials" and "Industrial By-Products," which constitute exemptions
from the solid waste laws under certain conditions. These rules will address
certification of and reporting by persons who handle, purchase, receive,
recover, sell, or are end users of recovered materials.  n324 To help develop
these rules, the Department must appoint a technical advisory committee
comprised of representatives of groups and associations related to the recovered
material industry.  n325 The rules will require information on the amount and
types of recovered materials that registrants handle, and the amount of any
solid waste that facilities generate, their disposal sites, and identification
of the transporter handling such solid waste.  n326 These rules will be assigned
to chapter 17-722, Florida Administrative Code, and DEP hopes to finish adoption
by February 1994.  n327 Lastly, DEP also will propose rules specifying and
defining the standards and criteria applicable to the exemption of industrial
by-products from solid waste regulation.  n328

   DEP also must propose rules to implement the provisions on packages or
packaging components that may include concentrations of "toxic" metals such as
lead, cadmium, mercury and hexavalent chromium.  n329 These rules will be cited
in new chapter 17-723, Florida Administrative Code, proposed for adoption by
March 1994.  n330  [*566]

    Since 1988, agencies have promulgated specific rules to deal with special
types of solid waste streams. In response to the 1993 Act, rulemaking will again
address these areas. DEP and HRS had already begun a program of regulating the
generation and management of "biohazardous" waste,  n331 but the 1993 amendments
require that both agencies amend those rules to change the term "biohazardous
waste" to "biomedical waste."  n332 The Legislature mandated this change because
various members of the medical community sought to reduce public anxiety and
confusion surrounding the term "hazardous" when associated with medical waste.
n333 Accordingly, definition amendments will be promulgated for chapter 17-712,
Florida Administrative Code.  n334

   DEP also will promulgate rule amendments on waste tire processing and
management,  n335 and on waste newsprint.  n336 In recognition of the
fluctuating markets for waste newsprint, the Legislature authorized DEP to
adjust the recycled-fiber consumption goals each year to reflect the actual
availability of recycled newsprint fiber in the Southeast.  n337 DEP also will
address the processing and management of used oil to reflect statutory changes.
n338

   Additionally, the Legislature specifically authorized DEP to adopt rules to
implement the phosphogypsum stack system regulatory program summarized above.
n339 DEP had already adopted rules establishing construction design criteria for
new or expanded phosphogypsum stacks and prescribing permit standards for
operation, long-term care requirements, closure, and financial responsibility
requirements for phosphogypsum stacks.  n340 The Department developed these
rules under its general rulemaking authority. The rules took effect during the
legislative deliberations on House Bill 461.  n341 However, to implement the
Act's provisions establishing annual registration fees for existing
phosphogypsum stacks, DEP must adopt additional rules to allow contin [*567]
ued operation of stacks that have not reached the end of their useful life if
the operator can show that: the system is neither violating nor is expected to
violate applicable Department water quality standards, or the owner will correct
violations to comply with applicable standards by March 25, 2001.  n342 Since
DEP could not collect registration fees from companies operating phosphogypsum
stacks until this rule was finalized, DEP gave this topic attention shortly
after passage of the 1993 Act. Specifically, it was the first rule proposed for
adoption under the Act and the Florida Environmental Regulation Commission
approved it on June 17, 1993. New section 17-673.650, Florida Administrative
Code, titled "Closure of Unlined Systems" took effect on July 19, 1993.  n343

   DEP also will propose new rules for the management of mercury devices and
lamps.  n344 As part of that effort, DEP has held an initial meeting to plan for
a demonstration project to evaluate the feasibility of collecting and recycling
mercury containing devices and spent lamps.  n345 After July 1, 1994 the
secretary may prohibit within certain regions the disposal in mixed solid waste
streams of such a device purchased for use by a government agency or industrial
facility if the secretary determines that sufficient capacity exists to recycle
mercury devices generated in Florida.  n346 Correspondingly, after the same
date, DEP may mandate that mercury devices and lamps generated within designated
regions be disposed of at appropriately permitted reclamation facilities.  n347
However, before adopting that rule, DEP must first determine that those
facilities are both reasonably available and afford sufficient recycling
capacity.  n348 DEP hopes to finalize rules on this subject by September 1994.
n349 Rules may also be proposed to further implement the Act's provisions on
alkaline-manganese and zinc-carbon batteries.  n350 However, due to the
specificity of the legislative language on this subject, rulemaking may not
occur on the subject.  n351  [*568]

    DEP rulemaking also will address the subject of waste burning.
Waste-to-energy incinerators, as noted above,  n352 will be subject to new
review requirements pertaining to facility capacity in Florida.  n353 DEP must
initiate rulemaking to incorporate specified legislative criteria into its
permit review process for this type of facility.  n354 These criteria will be
included in a new chapter 17-705, Florida Administrative Code which the
Department anticipates finalizing by June 1994. Also, DEP may promulgate rules
to implement the permitting and certification requirements for commercial
hazardous waste incinerators.  n355

   Since passage of the 1988 Act, sanitary landfill operators have been required
to complete an operator training course pursuant to chapter 17-703, Florida
Administrative Code. The 1993 Act requires that after July 1, 1994, operators of
waste-to-energy facilities, biomedical waste incinerators or mobile soil thermal
treatment facilities also meet these requirements.  n356 DEP anticipated
finalizing this rule by late 1993.  n357

   The 1993 Act clarifies DEP's general authority to enact rules on the
management and disposal of solid waste in Florida by providing that rules
promulgated under such authority may apply to solid waste generated in or out of
Florida as long as requirements on in-state solid waste disposal are not based
on the out-of-state origin of the waste and conform to applicable provisions of
law.  n358 DEP will propose amendments to existing chapter 17-731, Florida
Administrative Code , pertaining to regional and individual county hazardous
waste management assessments, by January 1994.  n359 Lastly, DEP also
anticipated proposing rules to amend existing programs for solid waste grants
n360 and hazardous waste collection centers.  n361 These regulatory amendments
should have been in place by early 1994.  n362

   Among other groups that must respond to the 1993 Act, the Florida Highway
Beautification Council must ensure that its rules for evaluat [*569]  ing grant
applications consider contributions by any highway beautification project in
preventing litter.  n363 Also, local governments may establish reasonable
regulations governing the standing and stopping on any public road by commercial
vehicles used solely for collecting solid waste, recyclable materials, or
recovered materials on any public road.  n364

   V. Conclusion

   In passing House Bill 461, the Legislature clearly acknowledged that the
Solid Waste Management Act of 1988 had ignited public awareness of Florida's
solid waste problems and at the same time began to grapple with mounting waste
issues.  n365 The 1993 Act takes the approach that practical and cost-effective
solutions to growing mountains of waste must come from further cooperation among
government, the private sector, and the public.  n366 The 1993 amendments to the
Solid Waste Management Act of 1988 made mid-course corrections to refine
programs, resolve ambiguities, and fill gaps in the Legislature's comprehensive
strategy for solid waste management.

   In 1988, the authors of this Article identified a potential "Achilles' heel"
in Florida's solid waste management strategy.  n367 They foresaw a roadblock of
administrative litigation resulting from the increased environmental
consciousness of Floridians, the "ready availability of Florida's Administrative
Procedures [sic] Act to challenge or dispute controversial agency actions," and
the increasing cry of "Not In My Back Yard."  n368 The authors also noted that
"the most significant gap in the new law [was] the lack of attention given to
the key issue of siting and permitting a solid waste management facility."  n369

   In spite of considerable progress toward encouraging recycling, reducing
waste, promoting conservation, and ensuring that solid and hazardous waste
facilities use the best technology available to protect human health and the
environment, Florida has yet to achieve a balanced and fully integrated waste
management program. The State has not yet developed a coherent program for
siting and permitting solid waste management facilities, and the potential
roadblock to progress  [*570]  still threatens an integrated solution, and in
some cases already has impeded implementation of solutions.  n370

   By including numerous studies and pilot projects in the 1993 Act, the
Legislature recognized that solutions to many problems have yet to be clearly or
coherently identified, or molded into workable programs. The incineration issue
is one example of a program that requires further refinement. The public concern
over mercury and other air emissions has resulted in stringent new requirements
on waste-to-energy incinerators and to a moratorium on permitting or
construction of hazardous waste incinerators in Florida. However, the moratorium
added a minimum of eighteen months to the development of adequate capacity for
treatment and disposal of hazardous wastes generated in Florida. This moratorium
delays Florida's ability to demonstrate to the EPA that it possesses capacity to
treat and dispose of hazardous waste, which imperils Superfund payments for
cleaning up contaminated sites.  n371 Although Florida knows it must find
solutions to these and other issues, the 1993 Act does not contain those
solutions.

   While the economic downturn of the early 1990s has slowed Florida's
population growth,  n372 a recovery in the mid-1990s likely will escalate
population growth, perhaps to new highs. Correspondingly, it will become
increasingly vital to solve Florida's solid and hazardous waste management
problems. While passage of the 1993 Act was a large step on the path to a
balanced and fully integrated waste management strategy, Florida needs further
legislation to cope with the products of our "disposable society."

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Environmental LawSolid WastesDisposal StandardsEnvironmental LawSolid
WastesResource Recovery & RecyclingGovernmentsLocal GovernmentsFinance

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Staff of Fla. S. Comm. on Nat. Resources & Conser., A Report on the Review
of 1988 Solid Waste Management Act 1 (Dec. 1991) (on file with comm.)
[hereinafter 1991 Senate Report].




n2.  Id. at 13.




n3.  Ch. 88-130, 1988 Fla. Laws 367; see generally William D. Preston & Thomas
M. DeRose, The 1988 Solid Waste Management Act-Facing Up to the "Garbage"
Component of Florida's Burgeoning Growth, 16 Fla. St. U. L. Rev. 597 (1988).




n4.  1991 Senate Report, supra note 1, at 4-5; Ch. 88-130, 1988 Fla. Laws 367,
370-71.




n5.  1991 Senate Report, supra note 1, at 2.




n6.  Id.




n7.  See Fla. HB 538 (1989) (Beverage Container/Refund Values); Fla. HB 1095
(1989) (Solid Waste/Degradable Materials); Fla. HB 990 (1989) (Environmental
Regulation); Fla. HB 1337 (1989) (Food Packaging/Polystyrene Foam); Fla. H.R.
Comm. on Fin. & Tax'n; Fla. H.R. Comm. on Envtl. Reg., PCB 1003 (1990)
(Hazardous Waste Grant. Info. Program); Fla. HB 1649 (1990) (Hazardous
Materials); Fla. H.R. Comm. on Envtl. Reg., PCB 3065 (1990) (Environmental
Regulation); Fla. SB 2650 (1990) (Solid Waste Collection & Disposal); Fla. SB
2294 (1990) (Solid Waste Landfills/Permits); Fla. SB 1618 (1990) (Local
Pollution Control Programs); Fla. SB 1182 (1990) (Solid Waste Incineration
Facility); Fla. SB 1174 (1991) (Solid Waste Management/Recycling); Fla. SB 1248
(1991) (Solid Waste Disposal Facilities); Fla. HB 437 (1991) (Solid Waste
Disposal Facilities); Fla. HB 1913 (1991) (Waste Newsprint Disposal Fee); Fla.
H.R. Comm. on Nat. Resources, PCB 2049 (1991) (Recycling Program Proceeds).




n8.  In July 1993, the Department of Environmental Regulation merged with the
Department of Natural Resources, becoming the Department of Environmental
Protection.




n9.  1991 Senate Report, supra note 1, at 1.




n10.  Bureau of Solid and Hazardous Waste, Dep't of Envtl. Reg., Solid Waste
Management in Florida: 1991 Annual Report 1, 1-15 (Sept. 1992) [hereinafter 1991
DER Annual Report].




n11.  Id. at 2.




n12.  Id.; see also Notes from William Hinkley, Chief, Bureau of Solid and
Hazardous Waste, Dep't of Envtl. Reg., at the Fla. Chamber of Commerce
Environmental Permitting Short Course, Course C: Solid Waste Management Overview
and Update (July 14, 1993) (on file with authors).




n13.  The Senate Natural Resources & Conservation Committee conducted four
public workshops in 1991: June 12, 1991; July 17, 1991; Aug. 20, 1991; and Sept.
24, 1991 (Hearing notices are on file with comm.).

   In the 1992 Regular Session, the House Natural Resources Committee introduced
House Bill 2473 and introduced House Bill 327-H during Special Session H. Both
bills passed the House, but died in the Senate. Fla. Legis., Final Legislative
Bill Information, 1992 Regular Session, History of House Bills at 350, HB 2473.
Fla. Legis., Final Legislative Bill Information, 1992 Special Session H, History
of House Bills at 847, HB 327-H.

   In the Senate, the Natural Resources & Conservation Committee introduced
Senate Bill 962 in the 1992 Regular Session and introduced Senate Bill 46-H
during Special Session H. While Senate Bill 962 made it to the Senate floor, it
died on the calendar. Senate Bill 46-H died in the Senate Appropriations
Committee. Fla. Legis., Final Legislative Bill Information, 1992 Regular
Session, History of Senate Bills at 97, SB 962. Fla. Legis., Final Legislative
Bill Information, 1992 Special Session H, History of Senate Bills at 814, SB
46-H.




n14.  Id.




n15.  During the 1993 Regular Session, five major solid waste bills were filed
in the Senate and two were filed in the House. Only House Bill 461 would emerge
for approval by the Governor.

   Senate Bill 462 died in the Senate Appropriations Committee; Senate Bills 464
and 978 died on the Senate calendar; Senate Bills 952 and 1904 were passed by
the Senate, but died in messages to the House. Fla. Legis., Final Legislative
Bill Information, 1993 Regular Session, History of Senate Bills at 60, SB 462;
at 88, SB 978; at 87, SB 952; at 141, SB 1904.

   House Bill 2241 died in the House Natural Resources Committee.  Id., 1993
Regular Session, History of House Bills at 315, HB 2241.




n16.  House Bill 461 emerged with amendments from the House Natural Resources
and the Governmental Operations Committees before the full House passed the
measure on March 31, 1993. The Senate amended the bill before passing it and
sending it back to the House on the final day of the session, April 2, 1993.
Before adjournment, the House concurred with 25 of the Senate's amendments,
refused to concur on two others, asked the Senate to recede from those two,
passed the bill as amended, and sent it back to the Senate. The Senate receded
and passed the House bill as amended. Fla. Legis., Final Legislative Bill
Information, 1993 Regular Session, History of House Bills at 199-200, HB 461.

   The measure became law on May 12, 1993. Ch. 93-207, 76, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976,
2065.




n17.  See Fla. Stat.  403.7197 (Supp. 1988); see also Preston and DeRose, supra
note 3, at 618-19.




n18.  Fla. Stat. 403.7197 (Supp. 1988); see also Preston and DeRose, supra note
3, at 619.




n19.  Fla. Stat.  403.7197(2), (3)(a) (Supp. 1988).




n20.  Id.  403.7197(6).




n21.  Id.




n22.  Ch. 92-327, 1, 1992 Fla. Laws 3289, 3289 (amending Fla. Stat.  403.7197(2)
(1991)).




n23.  Ch. 93-207, 32, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2022 (amending Fla. Stat.  403.7197
(Supp. 1992), to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7197(6)(a)).




n24.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7197(2)(b)).




n25.  Ch. 93-207, 32, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2022 (amending Fla. Stat.
403.7197(3) (Supp. 1992), to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7197(4)).




n26.  Id.




n27.  Id.




n28.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7197(5)(b)(i)). The sustained
recycled material content rates are as follows: for glass containers, it must be
35% from July 1, 1994 to Jan. 1, 1998 and 50% beginning Jan. 1, 1998; and for
plastic containers it must be 25%. "Sustained recycled material content rate" is
defined as "the average total recycled material content used in a container or
category of containers, divided by the total material content of the container
or category of containers, expressed as a percentage, for a period of at least
12 consecutive months." Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7197(2)(i)).




n29.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7197(5)(b)(2)).




n30.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7197(5)(c),(d)).




n31.  Id.




n32.  Id.




n33.  Id.




n34.  Interview with Mitchell J. Rubin, Staff Dir., Fla. H.R. Majority Office
(July 10, 1992) (notes on file with authors) [hereinafter Rubin Interview].




n35.  Fla. Stat.  403.7197(3)(a) (Supp. 1988).




n36.  Ch. 93-207, 32, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2022 (amending Fla. Stat.  403.7197
(Supp. 1988), to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7197(6)(a)).




n37.  Id. "Dealer" means a person who sells containers to consumers and includes
retailers and operators of vending machines. The term does not include a common
carrier in the conduct of interstate passenger service who sells, offers for
sale, or distributes to its passengers containers, the contents of which are
consumed on the premises. Id.  32, 1993 Fla. Laws at 2023 (amending Fla. Stat.
403.7197(2)(d) (Supp. 1992)).

   " Distributor' means any person who sells or otherwise provides containers to
a dealer in this state. The term does not include amanufacturer, [sic] but does
include any alcoholic beverage distributor." Id. (amending Fla. Stat.
403.7197(2)(f) (Supp. 1992)).




n38.  Id.




n39.  Id.




n40.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7197(6)(c)).




n41.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7197(12)).




n42.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7197(7)(c)).




n43.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7107(6)(f)).




n44.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7197(7)(b)).




n45.  Id.




n46.  Rubin Interview, supra note 34.




n47.  Ch. 93-207, 32, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2023 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.719(10)).




n48.  Id.  31, 1993 Fla. Laws at 2020 (amending Fla. Stat.  403.7195 (1988)).




n49.  1991 DER Annual Report, supra note 10, at 2; Staff of Fla. H.R. Comm. on
Nat. Resources, CS for HB 461 (1993) Staff Analysis 3 (final May 11, 1993) (on
file with comm.) [hereinafter CS for HB 461 Staff Analysis].




n50.  Fla. Stat.  403.706(2)(b) (Supp. 1988).




n51.  CS for HB 461 Staff Analysis, supra note 49, at 3.




n52.  Ch. 93-207, 31, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2020 (amending Fla. Stat.
403.7195(1) (1988)).




n53.  Id.




n54.  Id. (amending Fla. Stat.  403.7195(2) (1988)).




n55.  Id. (amending Fla. Stat.  403.7195(3) (1988)).




n56.  Id.




n57.  Id.  31, 1993 Fla. Laws at 2021 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.7195(4)).




n58.  Id.




n59.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7195(9)(a)).




n60.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7195(9)(b)).




n61.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7195(11)).




n62.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7195(12)). A short ton weighs 2000
pounds. Webster's New International Dictionary 1399 (3d ed. 1986).




n63.  Ch. 93-207, 31, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2020 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.7195(12)).




n64.  Id. 34, 1993 Fla. Laws at 2030 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.7199(i)).




n65.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7199(a)-(c)).




n66.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7199(1)(a)-(d)).




n67.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7199(3)).




n68.  Id.  33, 1993 Fla. Laws at 2030.




n69.  Id.




n70.  See CS for HB 461 Staff Analysis, supra note 49, at 7.




n71.  See Fla. Stat.  403.713 (1991).




n72.  See CS for HB 461 Staff Analysis, supra note 49, at 15.




n73.  Id.




n74.  Ch. 93-207, 23, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2008 (amending Fla. Stat.  403.713(2)
(1991)).




n75.  Id.  12, 1993 Fla. Laws at 1993 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.7046(3)(d)) (emphasis added).




n76.  Id.




n77.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7046(3)(a)).

   "Source separated" means the recovered materials are separated from solid
waste where the recovered materials and solid waste are generated. The term does
not require that various types of recovered materials be separated from each
other and recognizes de minimis solid waste, in accordance with industry
standards and practices, may be included in the recovery material.

   Id.  8, 1993 Fla. Laws at 1990 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.703(44)).




n78.  Id.  12, 1993 Fla. Laws at 1993 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7046).




n79.  Id.




n80.  Id.




n81.  Id. The committee must include, among others, representatives of the
Florida Association of Counties, the Florida League of Cities, the Florida
Recyclers Association, and the Florida Chapter of the National Solid Waste
Management Association. Id.




n82.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7046(3)(b)).




n83.  Id.




n84.  Id.




n85.  Id.  12, 1993 Fla. Laws at 2003 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.7046(3)(c)).




n86.  Id.




n87.  See CS for HB 461 Staff Analysis, supra note 49, at 5.




n88.  Fla. Stat.  287.057 (Supp. 1992).




n89.  Ch. 93-207, 4, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 1981 (amending Fla. Stat.  287.045
(Supp. 1992), to be codified at Fla. Stat.  287.045(1)(b)).




n90.  Fla. Stat.  287.045(5) (1991).




n91.  Ch. 93-207, 4, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 1981 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
287.045(5)).




n92.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  287.045(6)).




n93.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  287.045(2)(b)).




n94.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  287.045(11)).




n95.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  287.045(10)).




n96.  Id.  5, 1993 Fla. Laws at 1984 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  288.1185(1)
). The Committee will consist of 12 members, but ad hoc committees may be
appointed to study particular issues. Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
288.1185(2)(a),(f)).




n97.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  288.1185(4)(a)).




n98.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  288.1185(4)(b)).




n99.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  288.1185(5)).




n100.  CS for HB 461 Staff Analysis, supra note 49, at 8.




n101.  Id.




n102.  Ch. 93-207, 28, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2013 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.7191).




n103.  Model Toxics Legislation (Coalition of Northeastern Governors, Source
Reduction Council, 1989) (on file with authors).




n104.  The Council members include representatives of nine Northeastern states,
various industries and non-profit organizations.




n105.  Ch. 93-207, 28, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2013 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.7191(3)).




n106.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7191(3)(c)).




n107.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7191(4)).




n108.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7191(2)(d)).




n109.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7191(4)(a)).




n110.  The Act provides that "a use for which there is no feasible alternative
is one in which the use of the regulated substance is essential for the
protection, safe handling, or function of the contents of the package." Id. (to
be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7191(4)(b)).




n111.  Id.




n112.  Id.




n113.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7191(4)(c)).




n114.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7191(5)).




n115.  Id.




n116.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7191(6)).




n117.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7191(8)).




n118.  Id.




n119.  Id.  29, 1993 Fla. Laws at 2016 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7192).




n120.  1991 DER Annual Report, supra note 1, at 10.




n121.  Ch. 93-207, 29, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2016 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.7192(2)(a), (b)).




n122.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7192(2)(d)).




n123.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7192(3)(a), (b)).




N124.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7192(3)(c)).




n125.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7192(4)(a), (b)).




n126.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7192(6)).




n127.  See id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7192(4)(d)).




n128.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7192(6)(b)).




n129.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  430.7192(7)(a), (b)).




n130.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7186).




n131.  Id.




n132.  Id.  55, 1993 Fla. Laws at 2051 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.7186(3)).




n133.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7186(2)).




n134.  A spent lamp is a "lamp for which mercury is required for its operation
that has been used and removed from service and that is to be discarded." Id.
(to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7186(1)(e)).




n135.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7186(4)(a)).




n136.  Id.  55, 1993 Fla. Laws at 2053 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.7186(9)(a)).




n137.  Id.




n138.  Id.  30, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2019 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.7193).




n139.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7193(1)).




n140.  Id.




n141.  Id.




n142.  42 U.S.C.  9601-9675 (1988).




n143.  42 U.S.C.  9604(c)(9) (1989).




n144.  See Div. of Waste Management, Dep't of Envtl. Reg., Capacity Assurance
Plan 87 (Oct. 17, 1989; amended Apr. 20, 1990) (on file with authors).




n145.  Telephone interview with William Hinkley, Chief, Bureau of Solid and
Hazardous Waste, Dep't of Envtl. Protection (Oct. 18, 1993) (notes on file with
authors) [hereinafter Hinkley Interview].




n146.  Id.




n147.  Ch. 83-310, 37, 1983 Fla. Laws 1822, 1850.




n148.  Ch. 89-285, 3, 1989 Fla. Laws 1722, 1723 (amending ch. 83-310, 37, 1983
Fla. Laws 1822, 1850).




n149.  Hinkley Interview, supra note 145.




n150.  Fla. Stat.  403.78-.7893 (1991).




n151.  The two projects were Florida First Processors in Polk County and Waste
Tech in Madison County. Waste Tech sought to use the Statewide Multipurpose
Hazardous Waste Facility Siting Act to obtain the authority for its project.




n152.  Hinkley Interview, supra note 145. Waste Tech withdrew its application to
build an incinerator in Madison County and delivered letters to county residents
announcing the decision. Michael Browning, Incinerator Plan Is Dead, But Serious
Divisions Live On, Tallahassee Democrat, Oct. 14, 1993, at B12.




n153.  Fla. Dep't of Envtl. Reg., Mercury Emissions to the Atmosphere in
Florida, Final Report 2.1-1 to 2.1-5 (Aug. 1992); 1991 Senate Report, supra note
1, at 10.




n154.  No Need for This Polk Incinerator, Tampa Trib., Jan. 28, 1993, at A8;
Bill Rufty, Sides Ready for Battle on Hazardous-Waste Incinerators, The Ledger
(Lakeland, Fla.), Feb. 24, 1993, at B3.




n155.  A "commercial hazardous waste incinerator" is an incinerator that accepts
waste generated off-site. Ch. 93-207, 57, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2056 (to be
codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7895(2)).




n156.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7895)(1)).




n157.  Id.




n158.  Id.




n159.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7895(5)).




n160.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7895(3)(d)).




n161.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7895(3)(a)).




n162.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7895(3)(b)).




n163.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7895(3)(d)).




n164.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7895(4)(a)).




n165.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7895(4)(b)).




n166.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7895(4)(b)(2)).




n167.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7895(5)(a)).




n168.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7895(5)(c)(1)).




n169.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7895(5)(c)(2), (3)).




n170.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7895(5)(c)(4)).




n171.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7895(5)(c)(5)).




n172.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7895(5)(d)).




n173.  Id.  56, 1993 Fla. Laws at 2053 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.7061(4)) The statute defines a waste-to-energy facility as one that uses "an
enclosed device using controlled combustion to thermally break down solid,
liquid, or gaseous combustible solid waste to an ash residue that contains
little or no combustible material and that produces electricity, steam, or other
energy as a result." Id.




n174.  Id. Also excluded from this definition are facilities that burn, either
alone or with other fuels, the following materials: vegetative, agricultural or
silvicultural wastes; bagasse such as sugarcane or grape waste; clean dry wood;
methane or other landfill gas; wood fuel from construction or demolition debris;
or waste tires. Id.




n175.  1991 DER Annual Report, supra note 10, at 3-4.




n176.  Id.




n177.  Id.




n178.  Ch. 93-207, 56, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2053 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.7061(2), (3)).




n179.  Id.




n180.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7061(2)). See infra notes 335-36
and accompanying text for discussion of waste-burning capacity and attendant
rulemaking.




n181.  Ch. 93-207, 56, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2053 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.7061(3)(a)).




n182.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7061(3)(b)). This limitation does
not apply to permit applications or modifications filed as of Mar. 1, 1993. Id.




n183.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7061(e)).




n184.  Id.




n185.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7061(3)(c)).




n186.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7061(3)(d)).




n187.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7061(3)(f)).




n188.  Id.




n189.  Fla. Stat.  163.3161-.3242 (1991).




n190.  Ch. 93-207, 56, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2053 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.7061(3)(h)).




n191.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7061(3)(i)).




n192.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7061(5)(a)).




n193.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7061(5)(a)(1)).




n194.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7061(5)(a)(2)).




n195.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7061(5)(a)(3)).




n196.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7061(5)(b)).




n197.  Id.  17, 1993 Fla. Laws at 1998 (amending Fla. Stat.  403.707(2)(f)
(1991)).




n198.  Fla. Stat.  403.707(2)(f) (1991).




n199.  Ch. 93-207, 17, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 1988 (amending Fla. Stat.  403.7065
)(2)(f) (1991)). These materials are polyethylene agricultural plastic; damaged,
unsalvageable, untreated wood pallets; and packaging that cannot be recycled.
Id.




n200.  Id.




n201.  Fla. Stat.  403.707(6)(c) (1991).




n202.  Ch. 93-207, 17, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 1998 (amending Fla. Stat.
403.707(6)(c) (1991)).




n203.  Id.  35, 1993 Fla. Laws at 2032 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.41315
).




n204.  Id.




n205.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.41315).




n206.  Id.  39, 1993 Fla. Laws at 2035 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.4131(8)).




n207.  Id.  39, 1993 Fla. Laws at 2039 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.4131(9)).




n208.  Id.




n209.  Id.  39, 1993 Fla. Laws at 2038 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.4131(10)).




n210.  Florida Phosphate Council, Phosphate Feeds You 3 (available from Florida
Phosphate Council).




n211.  Id. at 1, 6-8.




n212.  Memorandum from Carol Browner, Secretary, Dep't of Envtl. Reg., to Envtl.
Reg. Comm'n (Dec. 16, 1992) (phosphogypsum management) (on file with authors).




n213.  Each of these programs is addressed under a separate agency rule. See
Fla. Admin. Code Ann. r. 17-302 (May 1993) (surface water); id. at r. 17-520
(Sept. 1992) (ground water); id. at r. 17-672 (Nov. 1990) (dam construction);
id. at r. 17-701 (Oct. 1990) (solid waste).




n214.  See id. at ch. 16C-16 (May 1987) (Phosphate Mine Reclamation).




n215.  Ch. 93-207, 62, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2059 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.4154)).




n216.  Fla. Admin. Code Ann. ch. 17-673 (July 1993) (adopted March 25, 1993).




n217.  See id. at r. 17-673.320 (July 1993); id. at r. 17-673.340 (Apr. 1993);
id. at r. 17-673.400; id. at r. 17-673.500; id. at r. 17-673.600; id. at r.
17-673.610; id. at r. 17-673.620; id. at r. 17-673.630.




n218.  Ch. 93-207, 62, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2059 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.4154(2)(a)).




n219.  Id.




n220.  Id.  62, 1993 Fla. Laws at 2059-60 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.4154(3)).




n221. " Used oil" means "any oil which has been refined from crude oil or
synthetic oil and, as a result of use, storage, or handling, has become
contaminated and unsuitable for its original purpose due to the presence of
physical or chemical impurities or loss of original properties." Id.  46, 1993
Fla. Laws at 2046 (amending Fla. Stat.  403.75(7) (1991)).




n222.  57 Fed. Reg. 41,566, 41,612-26 (1992) (to be codified at 40 C.F.R.  279).




n223.  Ch. 93-207, 46, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2046 (amending Fla. Stat.  403.75(4)
(1991)).




n224.  Id. (amending Fla. Stat.  403.75(8) (1991)).




n225.  Id.  48, 1993 Fla. Laws at 2047 (amending Fla. Stat.  403.754) (1991)).




n226.  Florida will continue to be more stringent in reporting and registration
requirements. Florida may be more stringent in the management and disposal of
used oil filters as well. Telephone interview with Raoul Clarke, Environmental
Administrator, Bureau of Solid and Hazardous Waste, Fla. Dep't of Envtl.
Protection (July 15, 1993) (notes on file with authors).




n227.  See 57 Fed. Reg. 41,566 (1992); see Fla. Stat.  403.7545 (1991).




n228.  Ch. 93-207, 51, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2048 (amending Fla. Stat.  403.769
(1991)).




n229.  See id.  46, 1993 Fla. Laws at 2046 (amending Fla. Stat.  403.75 (1991)).




n230.  Id.  51, 1993 Fla. Laws at 2048 (amending Fla. Stat.  403.769(1) (1991)).




n231.  Permits are not required for burning used oil as a fuel provided there is
a valid Department air permit in effect for the facility and the facility burns
oil in accordance with applicable EPA regulations, local government regulations,
and the requirements of its Department air permit. Id. (amending Fla. Stat.
403.769(3) (1991)). Additionally, permits are not required for use of used oil
for the floatation of phosphate rock; however, other federal or state used-oil
rules apply. Id. (amending Fla. Stat.  403.769(4) (1991)).




n232.  Id.  8, 1993 Fla. Laws at 1988 (amending Fla. Stat.  403.703(13) (1991)).




n233.  Id.




n234.  Id. (amending Fla. Stat.  403.703(34) (1991)).




n235.  Id. (amending Fla. Stat.  403.703(8) (1991)).




n236.  Id. (amending Fla. Stat.  403.703(10) (1991)).




n237.  See id. (amending Fla. Stat.  403.703(39) (1991)).




n238.  Id. (amending Fla. Stat.  403.703(17) (1991)).




n239.  Id. (amending Fla. Stat.  403.703(7) (1991)).




n240.  Id.  8, 1993 Fla. Laws at 1990 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.703(43)
,(44)). See supra note 77 and accompanying text for a brief discussion of
"source separated."




n241.  Ch. 93-207, 8, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 1988 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.703(40)).




n242.  Telephone interview with Mary Jean Yon, Administrator of Solid Waste
Section, Dep't of Envtl. Protection (Oct. 4, 1993) (notes on file with authors)
[hereinafter Yon Interview].




n243.  Ch. 93-207, 8, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 1988 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.703(41)).




n244.  Yon Interview, supra note 242.




n245.  Id.  9, 1993 Fla. Laws at 1990 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7031).




n246.  Id.  8, 1993 Fla. Laws at 1988 (amending Fla. Stat. 403.703(13) (1991));
" Recovered materials' means those materials which have known recycling
potential, can be feasibly recycled, and have been diverted or removed from the
solid waste stream for sale, use, or reuse by separation, collection, or
processing." Fla. Stat.  403.703(7) (1991).




n247.  Ch. 93-207, 8, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 1990 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.703(41)).




n248.  Id.  11, 1993 Fla. Laws at 1991 (amending Fla. Stat.  403.7045(1)(f)
(1991)).




n249.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7045(1)(g)).




n250.  Yon Interview, supra note 242.




n251.  Ch. 93-207, 3, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 1980 (amending Fla. Stat.  212.055(d)
(1991)). County governments may submit to referendum the question of imposing a
discretionary sales tax of 0.5% or 1% of up to 15 years. Fla. Stat.  212.055(2)
(1991). Tax proceeds would finance infrastructure improvements and land
acquisition for public recreation, conservation, or protection of natural
resources. Id.  212.055(2)(d).




n252.  Ch. 93-207, 3, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 1980 (amending Fla. Stat.  212.055(d)
(1991)).




n253.  Id.  3, 1993 Fla. Laws at 1981 (amending Fla. Stat.  212.055(d) (1991)).




n254.  See Fla. Stat.  403.706(4) (1991); see also Preston and DeRose, supra
note 3, at 607.




n255.  Fla. Stat.  403.706(2)(b) (1991); see also Preston & DeRose, supra note
3, at 607.




n256.  See ch. 93-207, 15, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 1995 (amending Fla. Stat.
403.706(2)(b) (1991)).




n257.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.706(2)(d)).




n258.  Fla. Stat.  403.706(4) (1991).




n259.  Ch. 93-207, 15, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 1995 (amending Fla. Stat.
403.706(4)(a) (1991)). "Class I municipal solid waste" is municipal solid waste
other than yard trash, white goods, construction and demolition debris, and
waste tires. Id.  (amending Fla. Stat.  403.706 (1991)).




n260.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.706(4)(b)).




n261.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.706(4)(d)).




n262.  Id.




n263.  Id.




n264.  Id.




n265.  Id.




n266.  Id.  21, 1993 Fla. Laws at 2005 (amending Fla. Stat.  403.7095(7) (1991)
).




n267.  Id.  21, 1993 Fla. Laws at 2007 (amending Fla. Stat.  403.7095(7) (1991)
).




n268.  Id.  21, 1993 Fla. Laws at 2005 (amending Fla. Stat.  403.7095(4) (1991)
).




n269.  See supra notes 25-33, 48-63, 254-65 and accompanying text for
discussions of waste-reduction goals.




n270.  Ch. 93-207, 21, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2005 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.7095(4)(e) (1991)).




n271.  See Fla. Stat.  403.7095(6) (1991).




n272.  Ch. 93-207, 21, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2005 (amending Fla. Stat.
403.7095(6)(f) (1991)).




n273.  Fla. Stat.  403.7265(4) (1991).




n274.  Ch. 93-207, 45, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2044 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.7265(6)).




n275.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7265(7)).




n276.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7265(8)).




n277.  Fla. Stat.  403.709 (1991). Funding for SWMTF is provided by fees
collected under section 403.718 (waste tire fees), Fla. Stat. section 212.18(5)
(registration fees), section 403.7197 (advance disposal fees), section 212.20
(taxes and fees), section 403.704 (funds from processing solid waste), section
403.708(7), (10)(d) (fines), section 403.7195 (waste newsprint disposal fees),
and section 403.759 (fees, fines and penalties imposed pursuant to sections
403.75-.769 and 526.01).




n278.  Ch. 93-207, 56, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2055 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.7061(5)). In addition, DEP must seek matching, in-kind, or cash
contributions from local governments and the waste-to-energy industry to conduct
a pilot project. Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7061(5)(c)).




n279.  Id.  58, 1993 Fla. Laws at 2058.




n280.  Id. The study should include at least the following commodities: plastic,
glass, plain paper, newsprint, steel cans, aluminum cans. Id.




n281.  Id.




n282.  Id.  59, 1993 Fla. Laws at 2058; see also supra notes 96-99 and
accompanying text for a discussion of the Recycled Markets Advisory Committee.




n283.  Ch. 93-207, 73, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2064.




n284.  Id.; see also supra notes 206-09 and accompanying text for a discussion
of the baseline litter survey.




n285.  Ch. 93-207, 73, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2064.




n286.  Id. (one-to-one matching requirement of local contributions and state
funds).




n287.  Id. (four-to-one matching requirement of private contributions to state
funds).




n288.  Ch. 93-207, 62, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2063 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.4154); see also supra notes 210-20 and accompanying text for a discussion of
phosphogypsum stacks.




n289.  Ch. 93-207, 68, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2063; see also supra notes 4, 11,
237 and infra notes 332, 356, and accompanying text, for discussions of
biomedical waste.




n290.  Ch. 93-207, 75, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2065; see also supra notes 142-72
and accompanying text for a discussion hazardous waste incinerator capacity.




n291.  Ch. 93-207, 70, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2064; see also supra notes 17-47 and
accompanying text for a discussion of the Advance Disposal Fee.




n292.  Id.  71, 1993 Fla. Laws at 2064.




n293.  Ch. 88-130, 1988 Fla. Laws 599.




n294.  Fla. Admin. Code Ann. r. 17-712 (May 1989). The dual agency
responsibility between DER and HRS is " to ensure maximum efficiency in
coordinating, administering, and regulating activities' associated with the
management of biohazardous wastes." Preston & DeRose, supra note 3, at 615.




n295.  Fla. Admin. Code Ann. r. 17-701 (1993) (adopted a month after old rules
were repealed in Jan. 1993).




n296.  Id. at r. 17-707 (Jan. 1990) (repealed).




n297.  Id. at r. 17-702.




n298.  Id. at r. 17-709 (Nov. 1989).




n299.  Id. at r. 17-710 (Jan. 1990).




n300.  Id. at r. 17-716 (July 1991).




n301.  Id. at r. 17-708 (Nov. 1990).




n302.  Id. at r. 17-701.630 (Feb. 1993).




n303.  Id. at r. 17-703.




n304.  Id. r. 17-714 (Nov. 1992).




n305.  Id. at r. 17-673 (Apr. 1993).




n306.  Id. at r. 17-701 (Oct. 1990) (repealed Jan. 1993).




n307.  Yon Interview, supra note 242.




n308.  The Florida Environmental Regulation Commission (ERC) is the exclusive
standard-setting authority of DEP except for the authority which section
373.114, Florida Statutes (1991), grants to the Land and Water Adjudicatory
Commission, and emergency situations articulated in section 120.54(9), Florida
Statutes (1991). Additionally, when ERC recommends standards more stringent than
federal standards, the Governor and Cabinet must approve them. Fla. Stat.
403.804 (1991). The ERC also is charged with establishing priorities and
approving federal and state grants for constructing waste water treatment works.
Id.




n309.  See DER Public Workshop on Draft Rule 17-701, Florida Administrative Code
Revision, Phase III-Subtitle D Changes for Solid Waste Management Facilities
(May 25, 1993). 19 Fla. Admin. Weekly 2634 (May 14, 1993).




n310.  Solid Waste Disposal Facility Criteria, 56 Fed. Reg. 50,978 (1991) (to be
codified at 40 C.F.R.  257-58).




n311.  See Fla. Dep't of Envtl. Protection chart titled Department of
Environmental Protection-Secretarial Adopted-Rules 93-94 (June 11, 1993) (on
file with department) (showing proposed adoption dates of upcoming rules) All
revisions were scheduled for adoption by Feb. 1994. [hereinafter DEP Chart].




n312.  See Ch. 93-207, 4, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 1981 (amending Fla. Stat.
287.045 (1991)); see also supra notes 87-95 and accompanying text for a
discussion of state procurement of goods containing postconsumer or recycled
waste.




n313.  See Ch. 93-207, 4, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 1981 (amending Fla. Stat.
287.045(5) (1991)). Life cycle costing refers to the prolonged service life of a
particular product and the money saved by postponing repurchase of that product.
See Staff of Fla. H. Comm. on Nat. Resources, CS for HB 461 (1993) Staff
Analysis 19 (May 11, 1993) (on file with comm.).




n314.  Ch. 93-207, 4, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 1981 (amending Fla. Stat.  287.045(5)
(1991)).




n315.  Id.; see also supra notes 87-95 and accompanying text for a discussion of
state procurement of goods containing postconsumer or recycled waste.




n316.  See Ch. 93-207, 4, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 1981.




n317.  Id.




n318.  Id.




n319.  Id.




n320.  Id.




n321.  See Ch. 93-207, 32, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2022 (amending Fla. Stat.
403.7197 (Supp. 1992)).




n322.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7197(6)(g)).




n323.  See DEP Chart, supra note 311.




n324.  See ch. 93-207, 12, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 1993 (to be codified at Fla.
Stat.  403.7046).




n325.  Id. (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7046(1)).




n326.  Id.




n327.  See DEP Chart, supra note 311.




n328.  Ch. 93-207, 12, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 1993 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.7046(1)).




n329.  Id.  28, 1993 Fla. Laws at 2013 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7191).




n330.  See DEP Chart, supra note 311; Yon Interview, supra note 242.




n331.  See Fla. Admin. Code Ann.  r. 17-712 (June 1990); see also id. at r.
10D-104 (Dec. 1992).




n332.  See ch. 93-207, 52, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2049 (to be codified at Fla.
Stat.  403.727).




n333.  See CS for HB 461 Staff Analysis, supra note 49, at 11.




n334.  See DEP Chart, supra note 311.




n335.  Ch. 93-207, 26, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2010 (amending Fla. Stat.  403.717)
(Supp. 1992)).




n336.  Id.  31, 1993 Fla. Laws at 2020 (amending Fla. Stat.  403.7195 (1991)).




n337.  Id. (amending Fla. Stat.  403.7195(9)(a), (b) (1991)).




n338.  Id.  46-51, 1993 Fla. Laws at 2046 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.75,
.7531, .754, .7545, .758, .769); see also DEP Chart, supra note 311 (rules
scheduled for adoption by Dec. 1993).




n339.  Ch. 93-207, 62, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2059 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.4154).




n340.  Fla. Admin. Code. Ann. r. 17-673 (Apr. 1993).




n341.  Id. (Mar. 1993).




n342.  Ch. 93-207, 62, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2059 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.4154) (establishing standards); Fla. Admin. Code Ann. r. 17-673.650
(effective July 19, 1993) (establishing deadline).




n343.  Fla. Admin. Code Ann. r. 17-673.650 (July 1993).




n344.  Ch. 93-207, 55, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2051 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.7186); see also DEP Chart, supra note 311.




n345.  Memorandum from Raoul Clarke, Environmental Administrator, Hazardous
Waste Management Section, Dep't of Envtl. Protection, to All Persons Interested
in Florida's Mercury Demonstration Project (July 12, 1993) (on file with DEP).




n346.  Ch. 93-207, 55, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2051 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.7186).




n347.  Id.




n348.  Id.




n349.  See DEP Chart, supra note 311.




n350.  Ch. 93-207, 29, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2016 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.7192).




n351.  Yon Interview, supra note 242.




n352.  Ch. 93-207, 56, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2053 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.7061); see supra notes 173-96 and accompanying text for a discussion of
waste-to-energy incinerators.




n353.  Ch. 93-207, 56, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2053 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
403.7061).




n354.  See ch. 93-207, 25, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2010 (amending Fla. Stat.
403.716(1), (3) (1991)).




n355.  Id.  57, 1993 Fla. Laws at 2056 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7895).




n356.  See id.  25, 1993 Fla. Laws at 2010 (amending Fla. Stat.  403.716(1), (3)
(1991)).




n357.  See DEP Chart, supra note 311.




n358.  Ch. 93-207, 10, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 1991 (amending Fla. Stat.
403.704(15) (1991)).




n359.  Id.  40, 1993 Fla. Laws at 2038 (amending Fla. Stat.  403.7225 (1991));
see also DEP Chart, supra note 311.




n360.  See ch. 93-207, 21, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2006 (amending Fla. Stat.
403.7095(6)(f) (1991)); see also Fla. Admin. Code Ann. r. 17-716 (July 1991).




n361.  See ch. 93-207, 45, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2045 (to be codified at Fla.
Stat.  403.7265(6)).




n362.  See DEP Chart, supra note 311.




n363.  Ch. 93-207, 38, 1993 Fla. Laws 1976, 2033 (amending Fla. Stat.
339.2405(7)(a)(4) (1991)).




n364.  Id.  61, 1993 Fla. Laws at 2059 (to be codified at Fla. Stat.
316.2045(5)).




n365.  Id.  32, 56, 57, 1993 Fla. Laws at 2022, 2053, 2056 (amending Fla. Stat.
403.7197 (Supp. 1992); to be codified at Fla. Stat.  403.7061; to be codified at
Fla. Stat.  403.7895)).




n366.  Id.




n367.  Preston & DeRose, supra note 3, at 630.




n368.  Id. at 630-31.




n369.  Id. at 631.




n370.  See United Citizens Against Pollution v. Dep't of Envtl. Reg., Fla.
Admin. Order No. 88-2438 (Oct. 5, 1989) (on file with Clerk, Div. of Admin.
Hearings); Coastal Envtl. Soc'y v. Trail Ridge Landfill, Fla. Admin. Order No.
90-7837 (Sept. 20, 1991) (on file with Clerk, Div. of Admin. Hearings); Mary
Beth Regan, Chemical Waste Could Burn in State , Orlando Sentinel, May 12, 1991,
at A1.




n371.  See supra notes 155-63 and accompanying text for a discussion of the
moratorium.




n372.  Harold Hodgkinson, Southern Crossroads: A Demographic Look at Southeast,
Florida Extract (Jan. 1993) (on file with Fla. Dep't of Educ.).


                              729 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             March 27, 2015 Friday

World Bank continues investing in Public Services in Tajikistan

LENGTH: 297  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The World Bank today approved a grant of US$13.50 million to finance the
Tajikistan Communal Services Development Fund Project aimed at improved delivery
of basic municipal services for the population. The project builds on previous
World Bank financed investments and reforms in municipal sector, which have
already benefited over one million residents of Dushanbe and secondary towns.

"Secondary towns in Tajikistan have large municipal infrastructure needs, with
80 percent of infrastructure requiring rehabilitation," said Patricia-Veevers
Carter, World Bank Country Manager in Tajikistan. "The new project will benefit
the population of these towns, including the poor, by providing improved water,
on-site sanitation and solid waste management services as well as street
lighting and roads. Furthermore, given the large funding needs, the project will
set up a Communal Services Development Fund, which will pool national and donor
resources to support a sustained investment program in the municipal sector."
The Communal Services Development Fund Project will support municipal and
communal infrastructure improvements, as well as enhance the capacity of local
governments and service providers for better service delivery for local
residents. These services include clean drinking water, sanitation, solid waste
management, street lighting and local roads. Over 100,000 will benefit from
physical infrastructure investments in Hissor, Konibodom, Dangara, Sarband, Vose
and Fakhor. The project will also increase the efficiency of municipalities and
local service providers through support in development of local investment
plans, management of utility facilities, improved billings and collections and
engagement of residents in management and maintenance of investments.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              730 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            January 13, 2015 Tuesday

EBRD providing loan to Armenia

LENGTH: 205  words

DATELINE: London


The EBRD is providing a [#x20ac]3.5 million loan to Armenia to finance the
construction of the first EU compliant solid waste landfill in Armenia. The loan
is complemented by capital grant financing of [#x20ac]3.5 million provided by
the European Union Neighbourhood Facility.

The new landfill will be located in the city of Hrazdan in Kotayk county and
managed by eight participating municipalities of Hrazdan, Abovian, Charentsavan,
Tsakhkadzor, Byureghavan, Yeghvard, Nor Hachn and Sevan.

The landfill will be operating as a commercially sustainable unit with modern
solid waste management systems, covering the collection and disposal of
municipal solid waste. This will provide major environmental and social benefits
for some 215,000 people in the area covered by the facility.

The Legal Agreements were signed today in Yerevan by the Minister of Finance of
Armenia, the participating Municipalities, and the European Bank for
Reconstruction and Development. The development represents a significant step
forward in the implementation of the government's plans to modernise and upgrade
Armenia's waste management system to European standards. It will serve as an
example raising public awareness of the importance of solid waste management.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              731 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            January 13, 2015 Tuesday

EBRD providing loan to Armenia

LENGTH: 205  words

DATELINE: London


The EBRD is providing a [#x20ac]3.5 million loan to Armenia to finance the
construction of the first EU compliant solid waste landfill in Armenia. The loan
is complemented by capital grant financing of [#x20ac]3.5 million provided by
the European Union Neighbourhood Facility.

The new landfill will be located in the city of Hrazdan in Kotayk county and
managed by eight participating municipalities of Hrazdan, Abovian, Charentsavan,
Tsakhkadzor, Byureghavan, Yeghvard, Nor Hachn and Sevan.

The landfill will be operating as a commercially sustainable unit with modern
solid waste management systems, covering the collection and disposal of
municipal solid waste. This will provide major environmental and social benefits
for some 215,000 people in the area covered by the facility.

The Legal Agreements were signed today in Yerevan by the Minister of Finance of
Armenia, the participating Municipalities, and the European Bank for
Reconstruction and Development. The development represents a significant step
forward in the implementation of the government's plans to modernise and upgrade
Armenia's waste management system to European standards. It will serve as an
example raising public awareness of the importance of solid waste management.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              732 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                             March 19, 2004 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Regional district tax levy down slightly

BYLINE: Mark Nielsen, The Citizen

SECTION: SECOND FRONT; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 454  words


The Fraser-Fort George Regional District's overall property tax levy will remain
largely unchanged from last year after directors Thursday adopted the annual
budget for 2004.

The overall levy will drop by $8,190 to $11,551,440 while there will be varying
adjustments not only among the electoral areas and municipalities, but for the
various benefiting areas within each electoral area.

"The regional board has been working consistently to keep the tax requisition as
stable as possible during the past five years," board chair Colin Kinsley said.

The levy will cover about 60 per cent of the regional district's total spending
of about $19.9 million, up by about $1.1 million over last year.

The hike is due largely to two capital projects to be funded out of reserves --
the Vanway solid-waste transfer station in west Prince George, and additional
geographic information system work and purchase of a computer-assisted drafting
system for the 9-1-1 emergency response service.

Total expenditures for major services include $5.5 million for solid waste
management, $3 million for 9-1-1, $2.6 million for inspection services and
protective services, which includes 13 volunteer fire departments, and $1.9
million for recreation services, which includes 11 regional parks and recreation
centres in McBride and Valemount.

Community grants also went through a change. Facilities grants, which totalled
$433,045 last year, of which $306,875 was raised through property tax, has been
eliminated in this year's budget, while spending on grants in aid has been
increased by $317,610.

Among the municipalities, the levy collected from Prince George taxpayers will
rise by $143,263 to $4.43 million, a 3.34-per-cent rise, Mackenzie's will drop
by $120, or 0.02 per cent, to $501,481, McBride's will rise by $3,541, or 1.83
per cent, to $197,107, and Valemount's will rise by $11,382, or 3.78 per cent,
to $312,253.

Here's a look at the electoral areas:

- The levy in Salmon River and Lakes (A) will fall by $84,330, or 19.26 per
cent, to $353,469.

- The levy in Chilako River-Nechako (C) will rise by $2,062, or 0.51 per cent,
to $406,975.

- The levy in Tabor Lake-Stone Creek (D) will fall by $15,699, or 2.43 per cent,
to $689,814.

- The levy in Woodpecker-Hixon (E) will fall by $7,277, or 3.55 per cent, to
$197,996.

- The levy in Willow River-Upper Fraser (F) will fall by $60,189, or 19.14 per
cent, to $254,315.

- The levy in Crooked River-Parsnip (G) will rise by $5,570, or 0.52 per cent,
to $1,087,053.

- The levy in Robson Valley-Canoe (H) will fall by $1,074, or 0.16 per cent, to
$670,217.

The levies are further broken down by benefiting areas for various services,
such as fire protection and community halls, within each electoral area.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              733 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                            April 29, 2006 Saturday
                               Late City Edition

Transpacific's NZ bid a step closer

BYLINE: Alex Tilbury

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 75

LENGTH: 171  words


TERRY Peabody's takeover of rubbish company Waste Management NZ moved a step
closer yesterday after an independent report showed its proposed merger offered
shareholders better than fair value.

The deal was also sweetened by the Waste Management board's declaring a special
dividend of NZ54 be paid to shareholders.

Transpacific Industries' offer price of $NZ8.642 per share was above Grant
Samuel & Associates' assessed value range of $NZ7.24-$NZ8.21, which includes a
control premium.

Brokers say the increased likelihood of the merger deal proceeding, with 75 per
cent shareholder approval required next month, helped Transpacific's bid for
Brambles' Cleanaway and BIS assets, as it would give the Brisbane group
significant scale in solid waste management in Australasia.

The Waste Management NZ board, chaired by Jim Syme, yesterday reaffirmed ''its
unanimous recommendation that shareholders vote in favour of the proposed
amalgamation''.

The special dividend will only be paid if the proposal is approved by the
shareholders.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CML


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              734 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                            April 29, 2006 Saturday

Waste Mgt offer 'fair'

BYLINE: VAUGHAN Gareth

SECTION: BUSINESS; BUSINESS DAY; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 406 words


Australia's Transpacific Industries' 864c-a-share merger bid for Waste
Management is fair, an independent appraisal by Grant Samuel & Associates says.

Waste Management NZ yesterday released Grant Samuel's conclusion before its full
report, due on Tuesday. Grant Samuel values Waste Management shares in a 724c to
821c range, which includes a premium for control of the firm.

Waste Management's directors reaffirmed its unanimous recommendation that
shareholders accept the offer.

"We've always said that we're getting very full value for Waste Management, and
that the price reflects a pretty good chunk of the upside that Transpacific sees
in the business," Waste Management managing director Kim Ellis said.

"I guess we've been disappointed in the media reaction, and it's great to now
have some objective commentary coming from other parties which supports our
position," he added.

But Fisher Funds, Waste Management's biggest shareholder with 6.2 per cent,
remains unconvinced.

Managing director Carmel Fisher said Grant Samuel's conclusion was not
surprising. Fisher would wait for the full report to look at the underlying
assumptions made in its valuation, she said.

Transpacific launched the $870 million offer, an amalgamation proposal under the
Companies Act rather than a takeover offer under the Takeovers Code, on March
27.

Waste Management's shareholders vote on the deal at a meeting on May 17 in
Auckland. It requires 75% support.

Transpacific executive chairman Terry Peabody said Grant Samuel's report
confirmed the price offered was "very fair" to Waste Management shareholders.

"It is certainly a final price, and we look forward to seeing the outcome of the
shareholder vote," he said.

The 864c offer price includes a 54c-a- share special dividend that will carry
imputation credits for some shareholders.

Ellis said Grant Samuel's assessment did not include the dividend.

Tyndall Investment Management equities manager Rickey Ward said he had thought
the special dividend would be in addition to the 864c offer price.

Ellis said he was confident of gaining the necessary 75% shareholder approval on
May 17, provided shareholders read the report, understood it and voted.

"If they don't get out and vote then the deal will be turned over and then, of
course, they'll all be wondering what happened when the share price drifts back
to $6 or $5 or something," Ellis said yesterday.

Waste Management's shares yesterday rose 1c to 861.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              735 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 26, 2012 Thursday

Grant to offset debt on Starr County waste facility

BYLINE: Gail Burkhardt, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 366 words


July 26--RIO GRANDE CITY -- A border community grant will help Starr County pay
off some of its debt on a $1.4 million solid waste facility.

The Border Environment Cooperation Commission and the North American Development
Bank, which jointly support environmental infrastructure projects on the border,
gave Starr County a grant of about $450,000 last week for its solid waste
transfer station, according to a news release from U.S. Rep. Henry Cuellar,
D-Laredo.

Starr County created the transfer station when the area landfill almost filled
to capacity in 2010.

Each day, about 80 tons of garbage is processed at the center and then sent to a
landfill in Hidalgo County. The transfer station will be able to operate safely
for the next 20 years, according to the news release.

About $340,000 of the grant will go toward paying off some of the debt for
building the transfer station and about $114,000 will help cover operational
expenses including equipment costs, said Rafael Montalvo, the director of
federal and state programs for Starr County.

The Starr County project will be the last one funded by the Development Bank's
Solid Waste Environmental Program.

In January, the Starr County Commissioners Court voted to raise the rates to
drop off trash at the transfer station. The rates went up a few dollars in March
because the transfer station was not making enough money to cover day-to-day
costs, Transfer Station Director Reyna Guerra said in January.

Starr County Judge Eloy Vera said county officials and Cuellar worked for years
to obtain the grant.

"That's going to help us out tremendously to buy equipment that's needed out
there, but more so to pay down on some debt," Vera said. "We borrowed a little
over $1 million to build that transfer station so hopefully we can pay off quite
a bit on it and deliver our service."

Gail Burkhardt covers Mission, western Hidalgo County, Starr County and general
assignments for The Monitor. She can be reached at gburkhardt@themonitor.com and
(956) 683-4462.

TWITTER

Follow Gail Burkhardt on Twitter: @GailBurkhardt

___ (c)2012 The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) Visit The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) at
www.themonitor.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120726-MC-Grant
-to-offset-debt-on-Starr-County-waste-facility-0726-20120726

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2012 The Monitor


                              736 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           January 16, 2016 Saturday

Management program, recovery and treatment of solid waste in the district of
Balbala

LENGTH: 322  words


In 2012, AFD has provided a grant of  6 million to the Office of the road
Djibouti (OVD) for the financing of a waste treatment project improving the
sector in the district of Balbala.


CONTEXT:  Djibouti is a country where social indicators are among the lowest in
the world and is among the most urbanized African countries: three quarters of
the population live below the relative poverty line and more than half the
capital.
The OVD is a public institution created in 2006 to assume responsibility for the
collection, recovery and treatment of solid waste. Attached to the municipality
of Djibouti, it has the support of public authorities. Despite a significant
growth effort in recent years, it retains a significant degree of progression.
The collection rate, above 90% in the eastern part of the city, must progress in
Balbala where it does not reach 50%.
The AFD financed project is part of a broader project structuring a waste
treatment process in Djibouti. His first step was the construction of a landfill
site (CET), commissioned in March 2014 in co-financing with the European Union
(EU) and the AFD.
DESCRIPTIVE: The main objective of the project is to improve the collection
service, recovery and treatment of waste Balbala district. A secondary objective
is the creation of sustainable formal employment, including through the
establishment of two local development of recovery of waste plastics in building
materials and organic waste into compost.
Project completion date : 2016-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : REPUBLIC OF DJIBOUTI

Address : P.O. Box 121
Djibouti,

Country :Djibouti
Financier : Agence Francaise De Developpement (AFD) (French Development
Agency),European Union (EU),

Financier address : Agence Francaise de Developpement (French Development
Agency)
5 Rue Roland Barthes
75598 PARIS CEDEX 12
Franace
Phone : +33 (0)1 53 44 31 31
Fax : +33 1 44 87 99 39


Email : site@afd.fr
Website : http://www.afd.fr/

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2016 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              737 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             May 18, 1996 Saturday

LENGTH: 594 words


MINOT Ward private landfill sold A Ward County commissioner has sold his private
landfill and trash hauling business to one of the nation's larger private waste
disposal companies. United Waste Systems Inc. of Greenwich, Conn., bought HSC
Sanitation and the McDaniel Landfill, which is located near Sawyer in southern
Ward County, for an undisclosed price. ""It's such a capital-intensive type of
business that private individuals just can't keep up,'' said Hjalmer Carlson of
Minot, the owner of the businesses. Carlson said he will stay on as general
manager. His hauling company served about 18 towns in the Minot area. His
business interests had sometimes caused him to abstain from voting on waste
issues as a Ward County commissioner. United Waste Systems has facilities in at
least 12 other states and handles nonhazardous waste, said Bradley Jacobs, its
chief executive officer. Neil Knatterud, director of the waste management
division of the state Department of Health, said United Waste Systems is
prominent in the industry. ""They are a fairly large waste company,'' he said.
-- Associated Press

BISMARCK Fargo attorney ordered disbarred North Dakota's Supreme Court ordered
Fargo attorney DeLayne Nassif disbarred, saying the lawyer neglected clients,
kept slipshod records and took money for work he didn't do. Nassif ""does not
understand the most fundamental legal doctrines and procedures,'' the court said
in a unanimous opinion Friday. Nassif was suspended from practicing law two
years ago as the result of a separate disciplinary complaint. Friday's order
went further, ordering him disbarred. He was also directed to pay almost $8,000
in investigation costs and restitution to two clients. Nassif declined comment
Friday, saying he had not received a copy of the court's decision. Nassif used
paralegals, who were trained as legal researchers but not licensed to practice
law, as virtual partners, allowing them to recruit clients and do legal work. In
one case, Nassif cashed a retainer check and gave half to his paralegal, the
court's ruling says. He even did an inept job of representing himself in
defending the complaints against him, the justices said in their ruling. ""In
this court, faced with disbarment, Nassif failed to file a brief, waived oral
argument, and attempted to supplement the record with his own unsworn statements
of facts,'' it says. -- Associated Press

N.D. to receive job grant North Dakota will get $10.3 million, beginning July 1,
as part of a six-state grant for job programs, the Labor Department says. The
amount is among more than $87 million that will go to six Rocky Mountain states
to assist workers who have lost their jobs and need training or help finding new
jobs. The funding was released after Congress approved the Labor Department's
budget. -- Associated Press

Survey touts N.D. vacations North Dakota's tourism director says a new American
Automobile Association vacation survey shows North Dakota offers the least
expensive vacations in the United States. The survey showed food and lodging for
people vacationing in North Dakota will cost a family an average of $142 per
day, tourism director Kevin Cramer said. The most expensive state in the survey
was Hawaii, at $383 per day, he said. AAA also said the lowest priced
accommodations are in North Dakota, at $64, and the state had the second lowest
average family meal costs at $78, or $2 more than South Dakota, Cramer said. The
tourism department is planning a public relations campaign to use the
information, Cramer added. -- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1996 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              738 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                September 23, 1993, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

CURB PICKUP OF TREE LIMBS, BRUSH SET; COUNCIL APPROVES PACT WITH WASTE
MANAGEMENT DISTRICT; GRANT TO FUND RECYCLING

BYLINE: Shari L. Gaddy Post-Dispatch Special Correspondent

SECTION: ZONE SOUTH; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 400 words


Arnold residents soon should have curbside pickup for tree limbs and brush.

The City Council has approved an agreement with the St. Louis Jefferson Solid
Waste Management District. The state bans yard waste, including clippings and
limbs, from being placed in landfills.

City Administrator Eric Knoll says Arnold will receive a grant of $ 45, 200 to
establish a recycling program. The money will be used for the purchase of a
truck and chipper.

Knoll says the grant is not renewable.

"It's a one-time shot for grant support," Knoll said. "However, that doesn't
mean we couldn't apply for other support in the future."

The cost of the curbside recycling program is estimated at $ 56,507. In addition
to $ 45,000 in equipment, other expenses include labor, fuel and advertisement.

In other business, the council overrode the planning commission's recommendation
on a special-use permit for the Jefferson County Youth Association. The
association asked for a permit to use a football field on city property on
Bradley Beach Road.

Following a public hearing, the council agreed to waive the commission's
requirement for paving the parking area and construction of restrooms and
sidewalks by the end of 1994.

The stipulations approved by the commission were not what the council and the
youth association had agreed to, Knoll says.

"This organization is a not-for-profit organization," Knoll said. "The council
wanted to phase in the capital improvements."

Work on the football field has begun. "We have given them some of the sandbags
from various locations for fill," Knoll said.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              739 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Americus Times Recorder (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 27, 2012 Monday

City Council approves upping solid waste fees

BYLINE: Keven Gilbert, Americus Times-Recorder, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 851 words


Feb. 27--AMERICUS -- On Thursday the Americus Mayor and City Council held its
regular monthly meeting. An amendment to solid waste rates was approved. Chief
Administrative Officer Charlotte Cotton explained that the increase is due to a
rate adjustment in accordance with the Crisp County Solid Waste Authority's
McMath Mill Road transfer station. Cotton said the tipping fee is increasing
from $50.04 to $52.19 per ton for solid waste and $28.34 to $29.46 for yard
waste, reflecting a 4.3 percent fee increase for the City. For customers of the
City, residential hobo fees will increase form $23.02 to $24.01, $26.95 to
$28.11 for commercial hobos, $6.06 to $6.11 for dumpster rates and $10.44 to
$10.89 for additional hobos.

Other items were approved as part of the consent agenda.

--Approval for the purchase of centrifugal pumps an suction bells for the
wastewater treatment facility. The pumps at both Mill Creek and Muckalee have
never been replaced. The proposal was to purchase eight immersible pumps, two
for the Mill Creek site, six for the Muckalee site, for $160,266. The proposal
also includes electrical upgrades to the pump stations. Kendrick's
recommendation was to go with a bid Cook Industrial Electric Co. of Cordele for
the upgrades at a cost of $16,944.

--A request was approved to construct a speed device request on Tom Hall Circle.

--Approval of additional work regarding the Bayhill Street Waterline
Improvements project. The Mayor and Council approved the public works department
to fill a portion of the area with gravel and install a concrete cap due to the
swampy terrain of the site. Public Works director Bernard Kendrick said he
didn't want to jeopardize the useful life of the newly installed pipe by not
removing the unsuitable soil. To add the six-inch concrete trench costs $9,500
plus $9,000 for the removal of the soil, according to the recommended proposal
from Zane Grace Construction of Leesburg.

--Approval of a resolution authorizing the submission of the short-term plan of
work to the state.

Other items approved:

--The Council had a second and final reading of the Martin Luther King Jr.
Boulevard Overlay district ordinance. The ordinance involves requirements for
development that are compatible with the City of Americus in that guidelines
must be followed in new construction, as well as other design standards, in the
commercial corridor district.

--The Board approved the Community and Economic Development Department to apply
for a Community Development Block Grant for public facility building
improvements and water infrastructure-type improvements for the Americus-Sumter
Boys and Girls Club. The department's director Mandy Young said the deadline for
the application is April 1. She will find out if the City receives the grant in
October.

--The Council held a first reading of a 2011 Budget Ordinance amendment as well
as an amendment to the hotel/motel tax ordinance.

--The Council considered for a first reading a personnel ordinance amendment to
authorize certain City employees to perform certain functions regarding the fire
department issuing of citations for illegal burning within the City limits.

--The Council considered for a first reading an amendment to the meeting decorum
ordinance that would change the time limit for individuals who address the
Council form three minutes to five minutes. The Board will take action on this
item in March.

--The Council approved a bid from Motorola of Albany for narrow band radios for
the police department. The City has $10,000 budgeted for the item. The bid is
around $10,500. Cotton said when the department gets the new narrow band
equipment the City will be compliant with state regulations.

--The Council also approved a bid for body armor for the police department.

--Frank Joiner was re-appointed by the City to the Americus-Sumter Airport
Authority for a four-year term.

--Kitty Mays was re-appointed by the City to the board of zoning appeals for a
three-year term.

During the citizen comment portion, the Council also heard from Jerry Dill
concerning backflow requirements. Dill said the City has increased its revenue
by passing new ordinances.

"There has to be a point where we make money in some other way or quit
spending," Dill said.

He said businesses have been cutting back, and fees and the benefits of services
are not always proportionate. He says the fees and ordinances boost City income
while business owners in the community struggle to keep up with the additional
costs. "

The businessmen of Americus, Ga., are hurting if you will just look around.
Businesses don't close up because they're making plenty of money; they close up
because they're not making money."

He said enforcing businesses to become compliant with backflow valve regulation
is another mandate that is hurting businesses.

"All I'm asking the City Council is to do like other businesses have done in
this community and cut back on expenditures."

___ (c)2012 The Americus Times-Recorder (Americus, Ga.) Visit The Americus
Times-Recorder (Americus, Ga.) at www.americustimesrecorder.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120227-AF-City-Council-approves-upping-solid-waste-fees-0227-20120227

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AF


                     Copyright 2012 Americus Times Recorder


                              740 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 28, 2008 Monday

In brief: Authority seeks housing grants

BYLINE: Tribune-Democrat, Johnstown, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 292 words


Jul. 28--EBENSBURG -- The Cambria County Redevelopment Authority is seeking
$1.02 million in state and federal grants for a variety of housing and
development programs.

The largest amount -- $500,000 -- would be used to rehabilitate 30
owner-occupied residential properties throughout the county, Executive Director
Larry Custer said.

Solid Waste Authority lands recycling funds

Cambria County Solid Waste Authority has been awarded a state grant for its
recycling program.

The authority will receive $23,896 for recycling 3,151 tons of waste in 2006.

The grant is provided in addition to funds that the state's Department of
Environmental Protection allocates to municipalities to encourage the
establishment and maintenance of recycling programs.

St. Francis center plans two seminars

LORETTO -- Saint Francis University's Small Business Development Center has
scheduled two pre-business planning seminars for people who are interested in
opening their own businesses.

The free sessions are:

--August 15, 9 a.m., Bedford County Chamber of Commerce, 137 E. Pitt St.,
Bedford.

--August 28, 9 a.m., Somerset Trust Building, 1614 N. Center Ave., Somerset.

Topics to be discussed are feasibility issues, marketing, recordkeeping,
business plans, legal issues, regulations/taxes andfinancing. Pre-registration
is required. Call 472-3200.

To see more of The Tribune-Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.tribune-democrat.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Tribune-Democrat,
Johnstown, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080728-JO-In-Authority-seeks-housing-grants-0728

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JO


                      Copyright 2008 The Tribune-Democrat


                              741 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                            October 21, 2012 Sunday

'State government not giving funds to BBMP'

LENGTH: 351 words

DATELINE: BANGALORE


BANGALORE, Oct. 21 -- The state government which has received Rs 120 crore grant
from the Centre to upgrade the infrastructure of solid waste management in
Bangalore has not passed it on to the cash-strapped BBMP, said Opposition leader
in BBMP Council M K Gunashekhar.

Addressing a press conference on Saturday, he said, "The 13th Finance Commission
has recommended the release of Rs 400 crore to upgrade the infrastructure of
solid waste management to the state for 2010-11 and 2014-15," he said adding
that the BBMP is yet to receive over Rs 200 crore for the last two years.

BBMP Commissioners, including Siddaiah, Shankaralinge Gowda and now Rajneesh
Goel, have written to the government, appealing it to release the grants but
their plea has fallen on deaf ears, he said.

The government has also not bothered to release Rs 700 crore announced in its
2012-13 budget to the civic authority so far, he alleged.

Squarely blaming the government for the present crisis, Gunashekhar said the BJP
government has increased the number of BBMP wards from 100 to 198, however, the
number of landfill sites has remained same.

Observing that the government's contribution is no less than the BBMP in the
failure to clear garbage, he said, "While it is the responsibility of the civic
authorities to collect, segregate, transport and dispose of garbage, it is the
sole responsibility of the state government to identify the landfill site and
hand it over to the BBMP."

"The civic authorities have no idea about the exact tonnage of garbage
accumulated in the city, whether it is 5,000 or 3,500 tonnes per day, as there
is no database maintained," he alleged.

"Different people are giving different figures on the quantum of garbage
generated daily," he said.

He also alleged that the government, which had received over Rs 200 crore from
the Centre for the construction of parking lots, has not remitted it to the
BBMP. Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For
any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              742 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    January 30, 1997, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

Walton applies for disposal sites

BYLINE: Peter Scott; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Pg. 04R

LENGTH: 200 words


In what could be a look at the future for local waste disposal, Walton County is
applying for a $ 115,000 state grant to create six countywide disposal and
recycling sites.

The grant, sponsored by the Georgia Environmental Facilities Authority, would
help the county build staffed sites at Bold Springs Road and the Gratis, Good
Hope, Watley and Youth fire stations, and redo the existing recycling center
outside Monroe.

"We are having to do this because the laws governing waste disposal have changed
and everybody is trying to reduce waste disposal by 25 percent," said Gary
Hennessee, Walton County sanitation and recycling director.

"The method we are using now is outdated," said Hennessee.

Unlike the city systems in Monroe, Social Circle and Loganville, where there are
door-to-door pickups, Walton County has 21 waste disposal sites now with open
compactor available to the public 24 hours a day, said Hennessee. "We dumped a
compactor last week and it had 32 tires in it. You can't put tires, yard waste
and scrap iron in landfills any more. The way we are set up now we literally get
everything dumped in our compactors and we have no control over it," Hennessee
said.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              743 of 995 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            September 5, 2014 Friday

Rhoads Energy Gets Propane Conversion Grant

BYLINE: Tim Stuhldreher

SECTION: B; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 226  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Staff Writer

tstuhldreher@lnpnews.com

Lancaster-based Rhoads Energy has received a $63,952 state grant to help it
convert its vehicle fleet from gasoline to propane fuel.

The grant is one of 33, totaling nearly $4 million, made under the state's
Alternative Fuels Incentive Grant program, established in 1992 with the goal of
reducing emissions.

Rhoads is converting 14 vehicles and buying two more, the Corbett administration
said in the grant announcement, released Thursday.

Statewide, the latest round will fund the purchase or conversion of 274 natural
gas vehicles, 261 propane vehicles and 23 hybrid or electric vehicles, the state
said.

Pennsylvania has been encouraging organizations with vehicle fleets to move away
from gasoline as a fuel.

Last year, the Lancaster County Solid Waste Management Authority received
$350,000 for fleet conversion through the state's Natural Gas Vehicle Grant
program, which is funded with impact fee revenue from Marcellus Shale drilling.

This past March, LCSWMA, the city and Good's Disposal Service received another
$213,995. Together, the 2013 and 2014 NGV grants helped fund the purchase or
conversion of 24 vehicles, according to the state Department of Environmental
Protection.

Based on South Prince Street, Rhoads Energy deals in fuels, installation and
service of heating and air-conditioning systems, and related work.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              744 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times (Munster, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 25, 2013 Monday

More accountability of recycle grants sought

BYLINE: Phil Wieland, The Times, Munster, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 401 words


March 25--Lake County Solid Waste Management District distributes about $2.8
million -- about 55 percent of its 2013 budget -- to all county municipalities
based on population.

The money is supposed to be used for the communities' recycling programs, but
that might not always be the case.

Larry Anderson, vice chairman of the district's citizens advisory committee,
would like to see more accountability in how the district grant money is spent
because, while the total pot the district has to spend on all its programs is
dwindling with the closing of landfills, the amount given out in grants has
remained constant.

"One thing I hope to do this year is get as much information as I can on how it
has been spent in the last year or two," Anderson said. "I think it is something
the board and the public need to know. It's a large pot of money, and it needs
to be scrutinized."

Anderson said the communities do not have to provide any information on how the
money is spent. It appears most of it is spent for recycling operations or
education programs, but some has been spent to buy equipment not related to
recycling, to supplement communities' overall operating costs -- or not spent at
all.

Anderson said one community has saved most or all of its grant money for several
years and has a pot of more than $1 million dollars it can use as it pleases.
Other communities would be hard-pressed to operate their recycling programs
without the grant money.

"I don't know what the answer is or what the problem is, but I feel it needs to
be looked into and examined in a rational manner," he said. "I'm not trying to
cut anybody's legs out from under them, but I'm afraid it's become more of an
entitlement, and how it is used is not really available."

Anderson said the committee was created to oversee what the district board does
and to bring issues to the board when it finds them.

"One of the things I hope to do this year with the other committee members and
with (solid waste specialist Leonard) White is to lay out as much information as
we can gather and share it with the board to determine how to move ahead," he
said.

"I do feel strongly it needs to be looked at and monitored. When you are talking
millions of dollars, there ought to be more oversight and more transparency."

___ (c)2013 The Times (Munster, Ind.) Visit The Times (Munster, Ind.) at
www.nwitimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130325-MU-More-accountability-of-recycle-grants-sought-20130325

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MU


                            Copyright 2013 The Times


                              745 of 995 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            January 21, 2013 Monday

Coming Down The Trail;
Much-Anticipated Northwest River Trail Taking Shape

BYLINE: P.J. Reilly

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 607  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Staff Writer

Head to the west end of Race Street in Bainbridge, where it basically meets the
Susquehanna River, and look down the path to the left.

There, you'll see a fresh layer of neatly compacted stone.

It's a sign of progress.

Aided by the pleasant nonwinter weather Lancaster County experienced in recent
weeks, work has started on a large but unimproved section of the 14-mile
Northwest River Trail in Conoy Township.

"Things are coming along really well," said Michael Domin, principal planner for
the Lancaster County Planning Commission.

"When this trail is finished, it's going to be absolutely beautiful."

The long-awaited Northwest River Trail will be a paved path stretching 14 miles
from Walnut Street in Columbia, north to Collins Road at Falmouth in Conoy
Township.

Running alongside the Susquehanna River, the trail passes through Columbia and
Marietta boroughs and West Hempfield, East Donegal and Conoy townships.

Most of the trail already has been developed, but there are small gaps in
Columbia and Marietta, and the big gap in Conoy.

Stone is being placed along a three-mile stretch of the trail, from Race Street
south to the Shock's Mill railroad bridge that crosses the Susquehanna River. As
soon as the weather permits, that section of trail will be paved.

While the paving will be ideal for bike riding, its purpose goes deeper.

"That area floods a lot," Domin said. "If we left it as stone dust, we'd have a
difficult time cleaning up after floods.

"With the pavement, we can brush off the mud and debris without damaging the
trail."

Conoy has several state grants totaling more than $600,000 for work on its
portion of the trail.

At their meeting Oct. 11, township supervisors approved a $77,600 bid for a
trail bridge over the Conoy Creek near Haldeman Mansion.

The 95-foot span, to be built by Wheeler Lumber of Bloomington, Minn., is
scheduled for delivery and installation this spring.

Lancaster County Solid Waste Management Authority is spearheading the design and
permitting process for a walkway that will take the trail underneath the Shock's
Mill bridge in Conoy, near the East Donegal Township line. The authority has a
$605,000 federal grant for the project. David Wilhelm, LCSWMA's senior manager
of capital projects, said he hopes construction of the 330-foot-long walkway can
begin this spring or summer.

Gina Mariani, who chairs the Conoy supervisors, said the township expects any
day to solicit requests for proposals for use of a township-owned building at
the northern end of the trail.

The township in 2009 bought a 16-acre tract along the river, adjacent to the
Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission's Falmouth boat launch, which includes a
wood-frame building on stilts. In October, the supervisors voted to name the
property Fisherman's Wharf River and Trail Public Access Area.

Supervisor Stephen Mohr said the building used to be part of a prominent boat
landing that catered to big-game anglers.

"Several years ago, Falmouth was known as the No. 1 muskie hot spot east of the
Mississippi," he said.

Indeed, anglers still flock to the Falmouth section of the Susquehanna River to
fish for the barracuda-like muskellunge.

Mohr and Mariani both said they hope someone will apply to the township to put
some sort of recreation-related business into the building at Fisherman's Wharf.

"I think having a place where people can maybe rent canoes or bikes would be
perfect," Mariani said.

Once the Conoy Township section of the river trail is finished, Domin said,
trail planners will turn their attention to the gaps in Marietta and Columbia.

"Within two to three years, it should all be done," he said.

preilly@lnpnews.com

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo Courtesy Lancaster County Solid Waste Management Authority
Staff This Section Of The Northwest River Trail, In Bainbridge Starting At The
Susquehanna River Near Race Street, Will Later Be Paved. Below Is An Artist's
Rendering Of A Walkway, Right, That Will Carry The Trail Underneath The Shock's
Mill Railroad Bridge That Spans The Susquehanna River In Conoy Township. Richard
Hertzler
Staff Officials Hope This Building Near The Susquehanna River At Falmouth Will
Be Used As A Future Business. It Is On Collins Road, Just Off The Boat Launch
Parking Lot. Richard Hertzler

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              746 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              Mirror Publications

                             March 11, 2016 Friday
                                  Pune Mirror

Sewage dept deprived of grants set by high court

BYLINE: Siddharth Gadkari

SECTION: CIVIC

LENGTH: 215 words


An interesting piece of information came to light during the Pune Municipal
Corporation's (PMC) general body meet, when a detailed report regarding
budgetary allocations to the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) was
furbished. It was discovered that the civic body has not allocated even 15 per
cent of the total 25 per cent amount to the solid waste management and sewage
treatment management, as directed by the Bombay High Court (HC).

SCN Jathar, civic activist working on solid waste management and environment-
related issues, said, "They should have made provisions to the department as
directed by the court. This is an absolute violation of the court's order.
Moreover, the PMC is violating its own rule about not acquiring amenities spaces
for disposal of garbage."

VG Kulkarni, head of the drainage department, said the government and the MPCB
approved of the provisions last year. "The standing committee had approved the
provisions. Now, if the proposal is passed at the general body meet, we'll be
able to make the provision from next year," he said.

According to the data provided by the PMC, the sewage and solid waste management
department was given Rs 571.97 crore last year. The amounts allocated to the
department in the preceding three years showed a declining graph.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              747 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            February 9, 2014 Sunday

Government Calendar;
Cv School District East Hempfield Planning Lancaster City Council Lancaster
County Planning Lancaster Twp. Supervisors Manheim Twp. Commissioners Manheim
Twp. Planning Manor Township Planning West Lampeter Supervisors

BYLINE: Government Calendar

SECTION: B; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1120  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Conestoga Valley School District Board of Directors will meet at 7 p.m. Monday
at the administration center, 2110 Horseshoe Road. Among the agenda items:

Action/discussion items: budget; review of athletics budget; update on state and
local revenue; policy review; smoking and possession of tobacco/drug free
learning environment; KtO literacy plan report; update on business office
software replacement process.

Review board agenda.

East Hempfield Township Planning Commission will meet at 7 p.m. Wednesday at the
municipal building, 1700 Nissley Road, Landisville. Among the agenda items:

Recommendation to zoning hearing board, special exception: Lime Spring farm
property, Marietta Avenue, proposed water transmission main.

Plan reviews: Springbrook Annex, Springbrook Court/Good Drive modifications;
Sheroz development, Wilson Avenue, sketch and modifications; Fairmont, Sylvan
Road/Harrisburg Pike, preliminary plan.

Other business: review proposed zoning ordinance; review proposed
subdivision/land development ordinance.

Lancaster City Council meeting will meet at 7:30 p.m. Tuesday in council
chambers at Southern Market Center, 100 S. Queen St. Among the agenda items:

Reports: requested by council; of committees of council, public safety, public
works, economic development and revitalization, finance, community development
and planning, personnel.

New business; approving and authorizing the filing of a 25th-year Certified
Local Government Grant application with Pennsylvania Historical and Museum
Commission; approving an amended Capital Project list to be funded by the
proceeds of the city's general obligation bonds; designate February 2014 as
Black History month in the city and urging all citizens of Lancaster to
participate in this celebration.

Mayor report, president of council report, council comment.

Lancaster County Planning Commission will meet at 3 p.m. Monday at 150 N. Queen
St., Binns Park Annex, first-floor LCPC meeting rooms. Among the agenda items:

Appointments, presentations and reports: certificates of appreciation, Ray
D'Agostino and James Reichenbach; reports and presentations from LCPC staff,
executive director, division directors.

Community planning reviews: Martic Township, proposed vacation of a portion of
Old Pinnacle Road located between Holtwood Road, Route 372 and River Road.

Subdivision and land development plan items, advisory reviews: Amos K. Lapp,
Leacock Township; Allen B. Stoltzfus, Salisbury Township; 5901 Plank Road,
Salisbury Township; Little Caesars, Columbia Borough; Samuel B. and Anna Mae
Stoltzfus, Paradise Township.

Lancaster Township Board of Supervisors will meet at 6 p.m. Monday at the
municipal building, 1240 Maple Ave. The agenda items are as follows:

Workshop agenda: agenda items; planning and zoning updates; public works
updates; manager's updates.

Regular meeting: reports by secretary, treasurer, Lancaster Township Fire
Department, Lafayette Fire Company, police, sewer, recycling and Lancaster
Inter-Municipal Committee.

Announcements: Lancaster County Solid Waste Management report; notice of office
closed Feb. 17 for President's Day.

Planning and zoning: act on a letter of credit reduction for the School District
of Lancaster; act on the stormwater management plan for Rockford/September
Drive.

New business: The board will act to confirm the Lancaster County Tax Claim
Bureau's certification of uncollected real estate taxes for 2013; act on an
amendment to the Lancaster township personnel policies; application for new
handicapped parking space at 617 S. West End Ave.; appointment to steering
committee, Kathy Wasong and Suzanne Teske to the redevelopment authority's
community development block grant steering committee.

Manheim Township Commissioners will meet at 5:30 p.m. Monday at the municipal
building, 1840 Municipal Drive. Among the agenda items:

Department reports, announcements and manager's report.

Consent agenda: Benecon, preliminary/final land development plan, 155 W. Airport
Road, time extension request.

Resolutions: appointment to Manheim Township Public Library Foundation Board;
disposition of records; appointing Bryan R. Gilmore as Manheim Township Police
Department police officer; updating liquor license transfer procedure

Ordinances: zoning ordinance amendments.

Motions/decisions: agreement with the Lancaster County Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals; road closure for Walk for Life on Saturday,
May 10, at Landis Valley Road from Alden Drive to Croft Drive.

Acknowledgments: Lancaster County Solid Waste Management Authority, 1299
Harrisburg Pike, request to amend the Manheim Township Zoning Ordinance; Sapient
Management LLC, request to amend the Manheim Township Zoning Ordinance to permit
the redevelopment or reuse of large nonresidential buildings.

Manheim Township Planning Commission will meet at noon Wednesday at the
municipal building, 1840 Municipal Drive.

Old business: subdivision/land development plans, 1246 Harrisburg Pike,
preliminary/final subdivision and land development; 1246 Harrisburg Pike, zoned
R-3 residential and T-4 overlay.

New business: text amendments, Lancaster County Solid Waste Management
Authority,1299 Harrisburg Pike, request to amend the Manheim Township Zoning
Ordinance by adding Solid Waste Management use to the I-2 industrial district;
amending definitions; changing the T-zone overlay designation from T-4 overlay
district to T-6 overlay district; Sapient Management LLC, request to amend the
Manheim Township Zoning Ordinance to permit the redevelopment or reuse of large
nonresidential buildings and to define conference/event center.

Manor Township Planning Commission will meet at 7 p.m. Monday at the municipal
building, 950 W. Fairway Drive. Among the agenda items:

Old business: Action item, final land development plan for Grace United
Methodist Church; final subdivision and land development plan for Brunswick
Farms Apartments Association LP.

New business: revised final plan for Wood's Edge, Phase 2, modification
requests.

West Lampeter Township Board of Supervisors will meet at 7 p.m. Monday at the
municipal building, 852 Village Road, Lampeter. Among the agenda items:

Presentations: Lancaster Farmland Trust survey results; request for waiver of
field use fees - Lampeter-Strasburg Youth Lacrosse; suburban Lancaster Area
Sewer Authority follow-up.

Monthly reports: treasurer's, public works department, police, community
development department, township manager's.

Administration matters: adopt an official map; appoint individual to Park &
Recreation board to fill vacancy; authorize purchase of brush chipper; authorize
purchase of 2015 International dump truck and equipment; authorize public
bidding for paving, aggregate stone and bulk asphalt.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              748 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                     July 24, 2005 Sunday Michigan Edition

Freecycle site experiences some growing pains

BYLINE: By JEREMY D. BONFIGLIO; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: SUNDAYPUNCH; Pg. F2; SUNDAY PUNCH

LENGTH: 733 words


Got stuff you don't need? Don't want to haul it to a thrift store? Then try
posting it on Freecycle. That's been the mantra of the online network since it
launched its first community Web site in 2003.

Now, with more than 1.4 million members, a controversial deal with a corporate
underwriter and plans to move off Yahoo! Groups, The Freecycle Network has some
folks wondering how it can retain an identity already in flux.

Grassroots movement? Environmental nonprofit? International organization? Or
local Web group?

At least for now, it seems, Freecycle is all of the above.

"It's a little bit of all of that. And why not?" says Deron Beal, Freecycle's
37-year-old founder. "I like to think of it as being globally local."



See related story:

Reuse revolution


But with its membership stretched across 50 countries, Beal admits the Tucson,
Ariz.-based nonprofit is suffering some growing pains.

To fund expenses -- from protecting its trademark to developing an independent
Web site -- Beal has turned to a business model used by public broadcasting. The
network committed to keeping useful goods out of landfills has found its first
corporate underwriter. And it's a move critics call hypocritical. In March,
Freecycle struck a $130,000 deal with Waste Management Inc. -- the largest
garbage company in the United States.

"When the Waste Management issue came up it raised a few questions," says Ron
Tepper, a former moderator for Freecycle's South Bend-Mishawaka site. "I didn't
like the idea of an organization trying to exploit it."

The one-year contract requires Freecycle to link to Waste Management's Web site,
which promotes its own recycling efforts. In exchange, Freecycle receives more
than $10,000 a month, which, among other things, has allowed Beal to quit his
day job and work full time as Freecycle's only paid staffer.

"The fear was that we're going to sell out," Beal says. "That couldn't be
further from the truth."

Texas-based Waste Management has a history of funding green causes, but it also
has a history of environmental miscues. Last month, in Massachusetts, a
subsidiary's landfill was fined $16,000 for altering protected wetlands.

Beal says he is more concerned with Waste Management's overall ethics rather
than a handful of incidents.

"I have no concerns whatsoever," Beal says. "They make money by filling
landfills, and yet they are the biggest recycler in the country. To me, that
goes beyond corporate due diligence."

When the grant issue first surfaced, Eric Burke, founder of the Freecycle group
in Anderson, S.C., left to start FreeSharing.org. Other disillusioned Freecycle
members joined him, including Tepper, who stepped down as a moderator in
February.

"Fostering a local gifting community is what we're all trying to do," says
Tepper, founder and moderator of Michiana FreeShare. "The difference is I'm
doing this for the community and I certainly don't need a grant to do it."

So far, such defections haven't slowed Freecycle's growth -- it added nearly
100,000 members last month. In contrast, FreeSharing has about 140 groups across
North America with more than 52,000 members. About 115 of those are here in
Michiana, but for Tepper, it's not about the numbers.

"I'd rather have 100 members who care about the Michiana community than a
thousand just looking to get free stuff," he says. "We have a different
perspective."

Part of that perspective is remaining community-based, while Freecycle seems to
be moving toward centralization.

"There are some (Freecycle) moderators I have talked to that wonder what they're
up to," Tepper says. "They could move off Yahoo! and take it away from the local
sites."

While Beal confirmed Freecycle expects to have a new Web site in place within a
year, he has no intention of dumping local moderators.

"I couldn't do it without someone locally moderating it," Beal says.

He also says a site independent of Yahoo! Groups is a natural progression.

"Yahoo! has worked for us in the past, but there's so much more we can be
doing," Beal says. "There's a price tag for each bell and whistle."

Which could mean more underwriters and more growing pains.

"Something this large is always going to have some wrinkles," Beal says. "It's
really half a miracle this is working at all."

Staff Writer: Jeremy D. Bonfiglio

jbonfiglio@sbtinfo.com

(574) 235-6244


LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2005 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              749 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     October 6, 1989, Friday, City Edition

Recycling aimed at Spring Hill

BYLINE: SALLY HICKS

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 450 words

DATELINE: BROOKSVILLE



BROOKSVILLE - Hernando County should contract with Waste Management    to pick
up recyclable trash from 5,000 homes in Spring Hill starting in    mid-December,
a solid waste advisory group said Thursday.

     The proposal, which will be presented to the County Commission this
month, calls for 5,000 homes in Spring Hill that already have mandatory
garbage pickup to sift out metal, glass and other materials and put    them in
special containers.

     The Solid Waste Task Force, appointed by the County Commission this
spring, is searching for ways for Hernando County to reach the    state-mandated
goal of reducing its garbage by 30 percent in the next    five years through
recycling.

     The group earlier rejected a consultant's plan to organize a much    larger
recycling project in Spring Hill. County solid waste director    Frank Wentzel
said he hopes the new program will begin by mid-December.

     He said the exact neighborhood and costs of the program would be
outlined later.

     Michael P. Kennedy, Waste Management general manager, said the    program
would cost about $ 42,000 to start and $ 18 to $ 24 yearly per    home, based on
national averages.      For the first year, a $ 152,000 state grant would pay
for the    recycling program, Wentzel said. But it's not clear how much money
the    state will provide in the future, and as the program expands, the
county probably will have to include the cost in a new countywide    assessment
to pay for garbage disposal.

     The assessment will be charged beginning next fall. The amount has    not
been established.

     Kennedy said his cost estimate includes recycling bins, weekly    pickup
and promotional literature.

     "You've got to go and get personal with each homeowner," Kennedy    said.
He predicted that Spring Hill residents, particularly retirees,    are likely to
pitch in to recycle their trash.

     "You show them that it's the American way," he said. "I think    they have
the time and effort to do it."

     Haulers would drop the bins off at a recycling facility to sell the
materials, he said. The county would receive the money from the sales,    but
revenue probably would be minimal, he said.

     Task force members said they picked Spring Hill, which is served by
Waste Management, as the target area because that is the only area of    the
county with mandatory garbage collection and with houses close    enough
together to make recycling feasible. Hauling costs are    prohibitive for
sparsely populated areas.



LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: PASCO TIMES; HERNANDO TIMES

                            Times Publishing Company


                              750 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                Intelligencer Journal (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                           December 4, 2008 Thursday

Boiler Plan On Front Burner;
Cost Would Be $175 Million

BYLINE: P.J. Reilly

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 626  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Each resident of Lancaster County generates about 1 ton of trash per year.

That's according to Lancaster County Solid Waste Management Authority officials,
who base the figure on the fact the authority takes in about 500,000 tons of
waste each year and there are about 500,000 county residents.

"It's pretty much 1-to-1," Jim Warner, the authority's executive director, said.

The authority doesn't figure each person is tossing a ton of banana peels and
cereal boxes into the kitchen garbage can each year, Warner said. The per-person
figure also includes waste generated by businesses, such as restaurants and
medical offices, that serve residents.

Noting that Lancaster is one of the fastest-growing counties in the state, the
authority is planning for the addition of tens of thousands of tons to its
waste-management system over the next several decades as the county population
grows.

Last year, the authority opened its new Harrisburg Pike waste-transfer station,
which handles about 55 percent of all of the county's municipal waste and
collects household hazardous waste for recycling.

And plans are in place to create a "new" landfill when Frey Farm Landfill in
Manor Township reaches its capacity about 2019. The plans call for reusing and
vertically expanding the neighboring former Creswell Landfill.

Under the authority's three-pronged approach to waste management, that leaves
the trash-to-energy plant in Conoy Township as the only facility still in need
of a roadmap for the future.

A cost-benefit analysis of expanding the plant is expected to be completed
within the month.

Wednesday, the county commissioners agreed to apply, on the authority's behalf,
to the state Department of Environmental Protection for a $95,000 grant, which
would pay for the study being done by Dvirka & Bartilucci Consulting Engineers.

According to Warner, the study is expected to show the impact of adding a fourth
boiler to the Conoy plant - an addition expected to cost about $175 million.

Currently, the plant operates three boilers - each capable of burning 400 tons
of trash per day - that are working capacity.

Even with those boilers running, the authority sends to the landfill each year
several thousand tons of trash that could be burned if the incinerator had more
capacity.

The fourth boiler could burn 600 tons per day, said Thomas Adams, the
authority's recycling manager.

At the plant, trash is burned to produce steam that generates electricity, which
is sold to a power company by the authority.

Waste ash collected at the plant is placed in the county landfill, using just a
fraction of the space that would be required to landfill unburned garbage.

The Dvirka & Bartilucci study is expected to:

  Outline the impact on the lifespan of the county landfill of adding or not
adding the boiler.

  Estimate tipping fees that would be needed to pay for the boiler.

  Estimate how much revenue from electricity the additional boiler would
generate.

"It has to be economically self-sufficient, without us having to charge
unreasonable tipping fees," Warner said.

If the authority decides to add the boiler, Warner said, it's likely the county
would have to partner, at least initially, with another community or communities
to use the boiler to its full capacity.

"When we start, we'll be able to burn 600 tons per day, but we might only be
able to provide 100 tons from Lancaster County," Warner said. "We would have to
find a source for the other 500 tons. Over time, we would add more of our own,
and the other community would reduce theirs."

Warner said he expects the authority to hold public meetings late next year to
discuss the idea of expanding the plant to four boilers. He stressed that a
decision on the proposal has not been made.

E-mail: preilly@lnpnews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lancaster County Solid Waste Management Authority Lancaster County
Solid Waste Management Authority Is Considering Adding A New $175 Million Boiler
To The Existing Three, Shown Here At The Incinerator In Conoy Township.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              751 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                             July 17, 2008 Thursday

Firms still in the dark on waste treatment

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 470 words


Many firms are still in the ark about new pre-treatment of waste regulations
some three months after the Government said it would start to clamp down on
law-breakers.

Financial and business adviser Grant Thornton is calling on the Environment
Agency to act quickly and proactively inform small and medium-sized firms about
the Treatment of Non Hazardous Waste for Landfill regulations.

"I have spoken to a number of different businesses in and around the South West
and none knew about the regulations and their implications," said Nigel
Mattravers, associate director at Grant Thornton.

"The Government has to do more to spread the word, particularly if it is going
to get tough with those who don't adhere."

Under the regulations, which were introduced in October 2007 and began being
enforced in April 2008, businesses must treat their waste and provide the later
waste holder with appropriate documentation or ensure the later holder of the
waste does so. One of the simplest ways to pre-treat non-hazardous waste is to
collect it in separate streams and recycle one of the streams.

Failure to ensure the waste is treated in this or a similar fashion can result
in a fine. The details, however, are yet to be confirmed.

Grant Thornton's call comes as the Department for Business Enterprise and
Regulatory Reform (BERR) has said it is to provide more information on the WEEE
(Waste, Electrical and Electronic Equipment) regulations as part of a summer
campaign targeting consumers.

"The Environment Agency (EA) has relied on its website and the major waste
operators to inform business of the regulations, and it's not good enough," said
Mr Mattravers.  "Compare this to the plans of  BERR and the contrast is stark.
The EA should be developing and implementing a similar campaign.

"Companies with in-house specialists may be aware of the regulations, but this
is not true for small and medium-sized companies whose behaviour comes under the
regulations.

"What small or medium-sized business owner has the time to trawl Government
websites on the off chance that they'll find out about new rules and regulations
to adhere to?  Business owners and directors have far more pressing matters,
like running their companies.

"It's not fair that these businesses are facing a Government clampdown when
they're not getting the information they need in an accessible location and
format.

"Getting consumers and the business community engaged with all aspects of waste
minimisation and recycling is essential if we are to achieve the result we in
the industry know we can.  To do this Government and industry must be more
outgoing and innovative in getting the message across about what needs to be
done, why and, more importantly, how.

"TV ads encouraging householders to recycle their tins are not enough; we must
target business as well."

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 83


                 Copyright 2008 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              752 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 19, 2015 Thursday

World Bank Continues Investing in Better Public Services for Tajikistan's
Population

LENGTH: 607  words

DATELINE: Washington


World Bank has issued the following news release:

The World Bank Group's Board of Executive Directors today approved a grant of
US$13.50 million to finance the Tajikistan Communal Services Development Fund
Project aimed at improved delivery of basic municipal services for the
population. The project builds on previous World Bank financed investments and
reforms in municipal sector, which have already benefited over one million
residents of Dushanbe and secondary towns.

"Secondary towns in Tajikistan have large municipal infrastructure needs, with
80 percent of infrastructure requiring rehabilitation," said Patricia-Veevers
Carter, World Bank Country Manager in Tajikistan. "The new project will benefit
the population of these towns, including the poor, by providing improved water,
on-site sanitation and solid waste management services as well as street
lighting and roads. Furthermore, given the large funding needs, the project will
set up a Communal Services Development Fund, which will pool national and donor
resources to support a sustained investment program in the municipal sector."

The Communal Services Development Fund Project will support municipal and
communal infrastructure improvements, as well as enhance the capacity of local
governments and service providers for better service delivery for local
residents. These services include clean drinking water, sanitation, solid waste
management, street lighting and local roads. Over 100,000 will benefit from
physical infrastructure investments in Hissor, Konibodom, Dangara, Sarband, Vose
and Fakhor. The project will also increase the efficiency of municipalities and
local service providers through support in development of local investment
plans, management of utility facilities, improved billings and collections and
engagement of residents in management and maintenance of investments.

An important component of the project is support to the Government of Tajikistan
in establishing a Communal Services Development Fund - a mechanism which will
combine national and donor resources to support more efficient longer term
financing and delivery of communal services for the population. The project will
be implemented over the next four years by the State Unitary Enterprise
"Khojagii Manziliu Kommunali".

Apart from this new project, the World Bank's engagement in the municipal sector
of Tajikistan includes two ongoing projects - the Second Dushanbe Water Supply
Project and the Additional Financing for Municipal Infrastructure Development
Project to address the challenges in water, sanitation and solid waste
management through institutional reforms and infrastructure investments.

The World Bank Group's active portfolio in Tajikistan includes 21 projects
totaling US$283.4 million. The largest share of the portfolio is in agriculture
(24 percent), followed by urban and rural development (21 percent), transport
(16 present), governance  and economic policy (9 percent) environment and
natural resources  (7 percent), education (6 percent), health and social
protection (6 percent), water (6 percent), the private sector (4 percent) and
social protection and labor (1 percent). Since 1996, the World Bank provided
over US$1 billion in grants and highly concessional credits from the
International Development Association and trust fund resources to Tajikistan.

The World Bank Group is committed to continue supporting Tajikistan as it
strives to improve the lives of its people and meet the aspirations of its young
and growing population.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              753 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             June 13, 2006 Tuesday

'E-waste' program to begin in August;
TVs, computers and other equipment will be accepted

BYLINE: ROB KUNDERT

SECTION: TRISTATE; Pg. a3

LENGTH: 299 words


Residents are a step closer to having a place to recycle their old computers,
TVs and stereos.

An "e-waste" program at the Dubuque Metropolitan Landfill, similar to its
household hazardous waste collection, should be running by August.

The one difference: There will be a fee.

Chuck Goddard, administrator for the Dubuque Metropolitan Area Solid Waste
Agency, which operates the landfill, said they teamed up with their counterparts
in four other Iowa counties to land a state grant to help create such programs.

The goal is to keep the toxins and heavy metals in electronic components out of
the landfill. A TV or computer monitor could contain up to 9 pounds of lead.

"Isn't that better than burying that toxic stuff in the ground and have future
generations worry about it?" he asked.

The hope is the new program will take off like the landfill's household
hazardous waste collection. Residents call for an appointment, drive to the
landfill and drop off unused household toxic chemicals for proper disposal.

Paul Schultz, Dubuque's Solid Waste Management supervisor, said recycling has
strong roots in the community, dating back to area Boy Scouts collecting
newspapers. Dubuque was the first among the state's largest cities to have a
curbside recycling program.

The e-waste project will accept virtually anything with an electronic circuit
board - radios, TVs, computers, monitors, stereo components, etc. The program
will not accept personal care products like hair dryers or kitchen appliances
like toasters and microwaves.

The cost to ship and recycle the electronics at that facility is what draws the
fee, which Goddard estimates will be from $5 to $15, depending on the amount
dropped off.

The permanent drop off at the Dubuque Metro Landfill is being aided by a share
of a $36,611 Iowa DNR grant.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chuck Goddard

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              754 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                              June 3, 2013 Monday

Zero waste efforts at the Strolling of the Heifers

BYLINE: By CHRIS MAYS / Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 787 words


Monday June 3, 2013

BRATTLEBORO -- Five years ago, Cindy Sterling received a grant for the Windham
Solid Waste District that would allow for more efficient recycling and
composting at festivals.

The Strolling of the Heifers was the biggest festival in Brattleboro and the
recycling efforts in town are quickly becoming just as popular.

"It's just been growing and it all started with one simple grant," said
Sterling. "People bought into it and have been doing it on their own. So it's
not just grant money."

The grant came from U.S. Department of Agriculture, and the Strolling of the
Heifers was the first event that the grant serviced. Its funding assisted with
recycling and composting efforts.

The term "zero waste efforts" was soon applied to the festival.

"That grant allowed us to build 10 of those zero waste stations," said Sterling,
who was hired by the event's organizers as the Trash and Recycling Chief.

A site crew chief, a Triple T employee and Scoutmaster Bill Congleton assisted
Sterling with designing the waste stations.

"We wanted the stations to be sturdy, noticeable and colorful," Sterling said.
"And we've been using them ever since. It started with the Strolling of the
Heifers, then as other festivals got interested in composting, those stations
would move around."

This year, the Windham Solid Waste District will be donating those 10 stations
to the Strolling of the Heifers. The waste stations will become the event's
property and can be lent out to other festivals or events in the area as needed.
The stations are painted and designed to look like cows.

The scouts have been part of the zero waste efforts for the past five years.
Various groups of scouts would monitor the waste stream and make sure no one was
polluting the stations. They also would show people where items go.

On Sunday, after all the events are over, cub scouts and younger divisions
conduct a litter pickup and check all the grounds for trash.

Back in August and September, Sterling and other volunteers started to speak
with vendors, giving them information about what's recyclable and compostable.
This year's Strolling of the Heifers will be held on June 8.

"We have about a 75 percent recycling rate," said Sterling. "We're going for
zero waste. Maybe someday we'll get there. This year, we're pushing for 85
percent."

To reach their goal, the vendors are educated from the beginning. Once
registered, vendors are given information that will make their role in the event
more eco-friendly. They are encouraged not to use styrofoam if avoidable.

The vendors aren't forced into anything, but they are asked to abide by the
guidelines. Some festivals across the country have strict guidelines that
vendors must follow.

"The Strolling of the Heifers decided they don't want to go there yet," Sterling
said. "But it's been working quite well to ask vendors to observe our zero waste
efforts. Everyone's been really good at doing the best they can."

Next, Sterling and volunteers get the signage ready for the events. There will
be signs set up on the streets that show where to find the waste stations and
what can be put into those stations. These efforts also include making sure the
website has correct information and details about the efforts for those
attending.

"We hope the signage is clear enough," said Sterling. "And I think for the
Brattleboro area, since everyone's been doing it for so many years, it's
becoming easier and easier that folks who keep coming back to it are aware and
know the system. It's really just helping new people to the festival."

This year, the zero waste effort movement is set to apply to all the events
surrounding the Strolling of the Heifers on that Saturday. It will be the first
year where organizers are pushing for zero waste at the Slow Living Summit as
well as the Tour De Heifer.

Sterling told the Reformer that the new focus has created a need for more
volunteers. She has been posting flyers around Keene State College and other
places that may attract people. The Phoenix House already has agreed to send
some volunteers to help with the zero waste efforts.

If anyone is interested in volunteering, they are encouraged to go
tostrollingoftheheifers.com and sign up.

"This year, we took care of all the little holes that we learned from in the
years past and what we need to do ahead of time to make it better," Sterling
said. "I think we have everything covered and we could always use more
volunteers."

She mentioned that the zero waste efforts couldn't have been done without the
help of Triple T, which is responsible for waste hauling and recycling solutions
in the area.

Chris Mays can be reached at 802-254-2311, ext. 273, orcmays@reformer.com .
Follow Chris on Twitter @CMaysReformer.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              755 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                            January 30, 2009 Friday

New regulations for urban solid waste management in WP

LENGTH: 229  words

DATELINE: Colombo


Colombo, Jan. 30 -- The UPFA led Council was successful in carring out a smooth
council during the past five years, even though the two opposition parties have
a majority if they work together, said Western Province Chief Minister Reginald
Cooray.

The support given by the opposition parties in this regard should be greatly
appreciated, the Chief Minister added. He was speaking at a ceremony organised
recently to introduce the new regulations for Urban Solid Waste Management of
the Western Provincial Council, (WPC). For Making the Waste Management process
of the Province a reality, 70 Waste Management Regulations named as "No. 01 of
2008 Urban Solid Waste Management Regulations" have been introduced by the
Western Provincial Council, Chief Minister Cooray said. The above regulations
were gazetted in the Extraordinary Gazette No. 1560/6 dated July 29, 2008. The
WPC was the first Provincial Council to achieve this target. Other Provinces are
yet to establish it, Cooray said. Implements and accessories worth around Rs.
100 million were distributed to support the Waste Management of the local bodies
in the Western Province from the allocation of 2008. Tractors, Trailers, Hand
Carts and garbage collection bins were distributed to some local bodies of the
Western Province from this initial grant.Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Daily News Sri Lanka.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2009 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              756 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                           October 28, 2010 Thursday

EDITORIAL;
COUNTY NEEDS BETTER WAY TO MANAGE WASTE

SECTION: FAVOR Y CONTRA/OPINION; Pg. A-10

LENGTH: 550 words


Let's talk trash.

First, kudos to the town of Taos for launching a permanent recycling program for
plastics this weekend. Since last summer, residents could bring No. 1 and No. 2
plastics and those pesky bags to the recycling center on Bertha Street on a
quarterly basis, but now it will be more convenient.

We like the town's proactive thinking when it comes to waste disposal and
recycling. But we wish we could say the same for Taos County.

Earlier this month, county commissioners rejected applying for a $500,000
Community Development Block Grant for the construction of a solid waste facility
and recycling center. The grant could have supplemented a $500,000 loan already
secured for the project.

An application for such a center would have gotten high marks in the grant
approval process because it would benefit the whole county. But commissioners
decided to apply for a grant to fix a few roads in Peñasco, certainly a worthy
cause, but one with an iffy chance of being funded.

When discussing the application, Commissioner Andrew Chá vez said the county
shouldn't use grant money to build a facility that would create reoccurring
costs such as salaries for new staff.

But how about the $19,000 the county dishes out annually to rent offices for the
solid waste department? Besides, expanding recycling options to keep reusable
stuff out of the landfill would be a smart economic move.

Taos County is also mulling a proposal by the county manager to raise the annual
landfill fee from $100 to $125 because the county says the department is
under-funded.

The county manager is proposing that those who get their trash picked up by a
commercial hauler would no longer pay a $25 annual fee. The manager says
commercial haulers already pay a franchise fee, which for one hauler amounted to
$80,000 last year.

Like everything else, the solid waste department's budget has gone up --
$765,000 to $980,000 in the last two years. But part of that cost is paying
workers overtime on the weekends to clean up trash dumped on roadsides and in
arroyos.

And then, there are those residents, about 40 percent, who don't bother to pay
the fee. As of February, unpaid dump fees totaled $800,000. The county is
beginning to place liens on the delinquent payers' properties, but the money
can't be collected until they are sold or refinanced.

We believe the county should clean up its act before it asks people to pay a
nickel more to dispose of their trash. Isn't that what commissioners said about
Kit Carson Electric's plans for a rate hike?

Yes, fuel prices and other costs have gone up, but eliminating overtime for
weekend cleanups is one place to cut expenses.

We are looking out for the little guy, who can't afford to pay $287 a year to a
commercial hauler, but does the right thing paying his user fee and keeping his
junk out of the arroyos. Why should that person pay $25 more?

That little guy is going to get hit soon by rising property taxes thanks to the
school construction bond fiasco and higher electric bills.

And, raising the user fee will only encourage people to dump illegally -- or
join the ranks of those not paying them.

There has to be a better way, and if you have one, tell the county commissioners
before the Nov. 16 public hearing on the new waste disposal ordinance. Or
prepare to pay the price.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              757 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                         Morning Star (Wilmington, NC)

                           October 5, 2000, Thursday

REGION BRIEFS

SECTION: Local/State; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 631 words


BEGAN TUESDAY

Annexed areas get waste pickup

Residential solid-waste collection for residents of Wilmington's newly annexed
areas began Tuesday.

Annexation of 9.25 square miles between Bradley and Whiskey creeks took effect
Saturday.

The city-managed waste collection will use a mix of private waste haulers in the
annexation area. Customers should continue to use the carts previously assigned
to them by their waste hauler, regardless of the private hauler designated by
the city to collect their trash after annexation. Information has been mailed to
property owners notifying them of their neighborhood's waste and recycling
schedules.

Bagged garbage should be placed beside roll-out trash carts in sealed plastic
bags by 7:30 a.m. on collection days.

Customers unsure of their collection day or who do not have a roll-out cart
should call Wilmington's Solid Waste Management Division at 341-7875 or Citizen
Information and Assistance at 341-7800.

$ 60,000

Museum grant funds programs

The Wilmington's Children's Museum has been awarded $ 60,000 from the Cape Fear
Memorial Foundation for its "Next Step" Project.

The funds will be distributed to the museum over the next three years.

In the past two years, hours and staff have doubled at the museum at 1020 Market
Street. New members are rapidly joining and new programs and exhibits are being
added.

Museum Director Mebane Boyd said the grant will allow the Children's Museum to
expand existing programs, start new programs and hire new staff.

For information about the Wilmington Children's Museum call Ms. Boyd at
254-3534.

MUTTERINGS:

Dog Jog raises $ 3,858 for society

The inaugural Wilmington Dog Jog on Saturday raised $ 3,858 for the New Hanover
Humane Society. It was sponsored by the city of Wilmington's Recreation
Division.

About 325 dogs and their owners gathered in Greenfield Park for the 5K run and
1.5-mile walk.

First place in the 5K run went to Missy White and her dog Boomer, second place
to Howard Ruscetti and Flint, and third place went to Paul Diehl and Daisy.

The 1.5-mile walk was won by Anne Cobb and her dog Angus, second place went to
Nancy Smith and Mabel, and third place went to Phyllis Bayzle and Tybee.

ST. LUKE AME ZION

Musical to aid health center

A musical performance to benefit the New Hanover Community Health Center will be
held at 5 p.m. Sunday at St. Luke AME Zion Church, 709 Church St., Wilmington.

The benefit, which has sponsors, is open to the public. Donations will also be
accepted, said Allene Drain, a spokesman for the event.

Marva Robinson, the church's minister of music, will lead the St. Luke Worship
Choir during the presentation.

The Community Health Center at Fourth and Harnett streets in Wilmington is a
private, nonprofit organization that provides health care to people who are
medically under-served in New Hanover County and surrounding areas. The center,
which has four full-time doctors and one full-time dentist, services more than
1,600 patients each month.

ARTS CENTER

Parish nurses plan health fair

Parish nurses will sponsor a health fair from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Oct. 14 at the
Community Arts Center, 120 S. Second St.

Parish nurses, a part of the New Hanover Health Network's pastoral care
department, is funded by a Duke Endowment.

The health fair will offer activities for all ages, including health screenings,
massages, demonstrations, puppet shows and a blood drive. The goal is to promote
wellness through screenings and education.

Parish nurses at Grace United Methodist Church, First Baptist Church at Fifth
Avenue and Campbell Street, St. Phillip and St. Stephen AME churches, St. Paul's
Episcopal Church and the New Hanover County Health Department will sponsor the
event.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 Wilmington Star-News, Inc.


                              758 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      June 30, 2005 Thursday Home Edition

On the Northside

SECTION: NorthSide; Pg. 3JH;

LENGTH: 325 words


ROSWELL: Norcross Street reopens Friday

Norcross Street from Ga. 9 to Grimes Bridge Road in Roswell is scheduled to open
to traffic on Friday. The road has been closed for three weeks for resurfacing
and improvements to drainage. Norcross Street is an important connector for
downtown Roswell, providing access to the library and City Hall.

Minor delays can be expected as final striping and utility work are completed
over the next few days.

Information, 770-641-3773.

SANDY SPRINGS: Talk trash with Fulton County Public Works

Representatives of the Fulton County Department of Public Works will discuss its
solid waste management plan update in a public meeting at 6:30 p.m. today at the
North Fulton Service Center, 7741 Roswell Road in Sandy Springs.

The plan deals with the collection, transportation and disposal of solid waste
generated in the county.

Horticulture workshops set

Horticulture workshops on lawn care, insect control, gardening and other topics
will be held 7 to 9 p.m. July 14, Aug. 18, Sept. 15 and Oct. 27 at the North
Fulton Service Center, 7741 Roswell Road in Sandy Springs.

The July 14 session is on "Watering Your Landscape" and "Inside/Outside Insect
Control." $5. The Fulton County Cooperative Extension Service is the sponsor.
Information: 404-730-7000.

NORTH FULTON: Grants available to nonprofits

The Community Foundation for North Fulton is giving away $20,000 in grants to
qualified nonprofit organizations.

Individual grants ranging from $2,000 to $4,000 will be awarded based on
applications to the Competitive Grants Program.

The grants were made possible by local donors. The funds are intended to help
recipients meet the changing needs of the North Fulton community.

An application and guidelines are available on the foundation's Web site,
www.atlcf.org; select Local Funds and North Fulton. The entry deadline is July
29.

Information: 770- 650-9242.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHIL SKINNER / Staff Kelly Lovett works on a manhole cover on Norcross
Street.

TYPE: Briefs

                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              759 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                Sarke Daily News

                            December 13, 2013 Friday

NEW LOAN AGREEMENTS WAS SIGNED WITH KFW

BYLINE: Sarke Daily News

LENGTH: 250 words


Today, Georgian government has signed new loan agreements with German KfW, which

envisage  allocation of funding for project on integrated solid waste management

in Kutaisi and program of Georgian electric transmission network's expansion.

According  to  Georgian Finance Ministry, KfW will allocate preferential loan of

20  million  EUR  for  Kutaisi  project  on  integrated  solid waste management.

Besides,  KfW will administer grant of 2 million EUR, which will be allocated by

EU's   Neighborhood   Investment   Facility   for  the  project's  supplementary

activities.

Program  of  Georgian  electric  transmission network's expansion will be funded

with  preferential loan of 35 million EUR, which will be allocated by KfW in two

parts (22.15 million EUR and 12.85 million EUR).

The  first part is designed for construction of substation "Jvari" (500/220 KV).

In  addition,  EU approved allocation of co-financing grant of 8 million EUR for

that end.

Construction  of  transmission  lines,  connecting this substation with existing

grid,  will  be implemented with preferential loan of 25.2 million EUR, provided

by EBRD.

The  second  part  of  KfW  loan  will  be spent for priority projects in energy

sector.

The  Ministry  informed  that as of today, grant and preferential loans of about

410  million  EUR  is  allocated  for  Georgia's  public sector within financial

cooperation with Germany.

<p class='syndigate_disclaimer'>© 2013 Sarke Information Agency Provided by
Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1168


                    Copyright 2013 Sarke Information Agency
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              760 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              Herald (Goa) (India)

                             August 9, 2016 Tuesday

Not a big amount, says CM

LENGTH: 545 words

DATELINE: PORVORIM


PORVORIM, Aug. 9 -- The State government will pay out nearly Rs 400 crore over
next ten years to the contractor in the form of capital and operational grants
towards the solid waste treatment facility at Saligao, Chief Minister Laxmikant
Parsekar told the State Legislative Assembly on Tuesday announcing that a
similar facility would be developed in Curchorem for South Goa.

The Opposition benches led by former chief minister and Congress MLA Digambar
Kamat during the Question Hour attacked the government for the Rs 400 crore
payments to be made to the contractor - SMC Infrastructure Pvt Ltd - who has
spent only Rs 149 crore as a construction cost of the project.

The opponents also alleged that the government in violation of the Solid Waste
Management (SWM) Rules, allowed beach cleaning and national highway cleaning
contractors to dump waste for treatment at the plant, which was built to
facilitate garbage from North Goa coastal belt.

"This plant is a new experiment done by the State and first of its kind in the
country. The amount of funds that we are going to pay to the contractor - which
comes to around Rs 400 crore in ten years - is not a big amount," the Chief
Minister said, adding, 'the contractor would have to bear the entire loss if the
plant fails, considering that the State has not invested any amount in the
project, except for land acquisition and construction of compound wall'.

"Once, the plan becomes successful, a similar project would be set up at
Curchorem," Parsekar told the House.

Earlier, responding to a question raised by Kamat on the amount the State will
pay the contractor over the next ten years, Minister for Science and Technology
Alina Saldanha said that the project constructed on DBFOT (Design, Built,
Finance, Operate and Transfer) basis is 100 percent funded by the contractor.

She informed the House that the government has spent only Rs 7.14 crore towards
land acquisition, approach road and compound wall. "For next ten years, we will
pay an annual capital grant of Rs 29.9 core, once the trials are over and the
plant becomes fully operational and one time operational support grant of Rs 70
crore to the contractor," the minister said. "At the end of ten years, the plant
would be handed over to the government," she added.

When asked, Saldanha admitted that there is shortage of waste for treatment at
the plant, which has a capacity of 100 tonnes per month. "Total 25 north Goa
coastal panchayats are directed to send their waste. However, only 13 have sent
till date," she said.

"Considering the plant capacity, the High Level Task Force committee headed by
Chief Minister decided to direct the beach cleaning and national highway
cleaning contractors to dump their waste for treatment at the plant," the
minister said, adding that the plant is designed to treat both segregated and
non-segregated waste.

As per the information provided on the Floor of the House, a total of 32 tonnes
of garbage was sent at the plant in May. It went up to 46 tonnes in June and 59
tonnes in July. In August, it is estimated to touch 78 tonnes.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Herald Goa. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Herald Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              761 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              May 20, 2002 Monday

Cleanup group seeks national ties, grants

BYLINE: JORGE SANCHEZ

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 336 words

DATELINE: BEVERLY HILLS


A group that wants to affiliate itself with the national Keep America Beautiful
program, which combats litter, took a step closer to its goal Saturday.

Keep Citrus County Beautiful Inc. heard from national, state and regional
directors from Keep America Beautiful at a precertification workshop. The local
group recently paid a $4,000 application fee, donated by Waste Management Inc.
trash collectors.

To complete the affiliation, the local group needs to finish several tasks and
is facing a deadline of June 30. Those goals include performing a litter
assessment and survey report, along with recommendations on how to improve the
situation; finding an executive director; finding office space; and getting the
blessing of the County Commission.

Mike Colbert, president of the group, said June 30 is the deadline for securing
grants from Keep America Beautiful and Keep Florida Beautiful. The money would
be used to pay the salaries and office expenses of the local executive director.
The County Commission must also pass a resolution approving the Keep America
Beautiful affiliation. The resolution shouldn't be a problem because
Commissioner Josh Wooten is a member of the board of directors.

"I think we're up to the challenge," Colbert said. "We have a great group of
people working very hard on this.

"It's never been done this quickly before. Usually the process takes from three
to six months," he said.

Colbert said the index and survey could be done in about two weeks. The group
meets today to divide the county into five zones and assign litter patrols to
identify problem areas.

Colbert also said Keep America Beautiful representative Jeannie Stultz
recommended a modification to the group's written charter. He said the revised
version would place more emphasis on preventing litter rather than cleaning up
afterward.

"They (Keep America Beautiful) focus on education and motivation as opposed to
treatment," Colbert said. "That means treating the cause rather than the
symptoms."

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2002 Times Publishing Company


                              762 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 19, 1991, Thursday, Final Edition

Grants Go for Tree-Planting Projects;
Virginia Group Gives $ 32,000 to Communities to Buy Plants

SECTION: VIRGINIA WEEKLY; PAGE V7

LENGTH: 392 words


A program called GreenVirginia 2000 that encourages tree planting throughout the
state has approved grants to 15 volunteer groups for tree-planting projects in
their communities.

The 1991 grants total about $ 32,000 and must be matched by the recipients,
creating a total of more than $ 64,000 for the purchase of new trees.

The program is a joint project of Chambers Development Co. Inc., the parent
company of Chambers Waste Systems of Virginia Inc., a waste management company,
and the Virginia Forestry Association Inc., a private, nonprofit corporation
made up of tree farmers, lumber companies and others in the forestry industry.

GreenVirginia works closely with the state Department of Forestry. "Our role is
that of technical advisers," said State Forester James W. Garner. He said the
department helps groups choose the right species of trees and helps see that the
trees are planted in the right locations. "It's a leading-edge initiative on the
part of the private sector," Garner said.

"We have $ 50,000 every year for 10 years to fund the grants," said
GreenVirginia Foundation spokesman Mark Christie. "If no one writes in" for
tree-planting money, he said, "it's the sound of one hand clapping."

To qualify for a grant, tree-planting projects must benefit the public. This
year's Northern Virginia grants:

$ 1,500 to the Annandale District Tree-Planting Project for trees along Braddock
Road in Fairfax County.

$ 5,000 to the Loudoun Memorial Drive Society for beautification of Route 7
(Leesburg Pike).

$ 2,420 to the Lake Ridge Parks and Recreation Association for tree-planting
along state roads in the Lake Ridge community of Prince William County.

$ 2,000 to Operation Herndon Homecoming for tree-planting in a planned veterans
memorial garden along a state highway in Herndon.

The program is one of the most ambitious, privately financed civic tree-planting
programs ever undertaken in Virginia, according to the foundation. In the 1990s,
the program intends to issue $ 500,000 in cash grants for tree planting on a
matching basis, resulting in a total investment of $ 1 million.

The GreenVirginia Foundation invites applications from civic groups for future
grants. For additional information on applying for a GreenVirginia 2000 grant,
write to GreenVirginia Foundation, P.O. Box 170, Richmond, Va. 23201.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: VIRGINIA NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              763 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             April 28, 2009 Tuesday

WSWMD starts composting

BYLINE: By JAIME CONE, Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 825 words


BRATTLEBORO-- Starting May 1, area residents will be able to take compostable
waste to the Windham Solid Waste Management District on Old Ferry Road.

The WSWMD is starting the pilot project, called Project COW (Commercial Organic
Waste), with a solid waste technical assistance grant that it received from the
United States Department of Agriculture.

Until the pilot project ends Oct. 1, people will be able to dispose of their
compostable waste for free at WSWMD.

If the project is deemed a success, the district will continue the project
through the winter and into next year, said Cindy Sterling, WSWMD program
director.

Sterling said the solid waste district was encouraged by Brattleboro residents
to try out Project COW as a way to reduce pay as you throw fees. She said the
WSWMD may have to institute a small fee once the grant funding ends, but the fee
for dropping off compost would be significantly less than for garbage.

"Composting is a huge percentage of the solid waste stream, and if there was a
composting facility for them to use then possibly pay as you throw wouldn't be
so much of a hit for people," Sterling said.

"Our biggest question was will people really bring compost from home and recycle
it as they do other recyclables," she added.

If the WSWMD sees a positive response to the program, it may include curbside
pick-up for composting in the future; Triple T, a trucking company that recently
signed a five-year contract with the WSWMD, has as part of the contract an
agreement to do curbside compost pick-up in years four and five of its contract.

People might be surprised at the items they are able to compost at Old Ferry
Road, said Sterling. Things like paper towels, milk cartons and fish are not
normally associated with backyard compost bins, but can be composted at a
commercial facility.

The waste collected by Project COW will be sent to a commercial organic waste
composting facility at Martin's Farm in Greenfield, Mass., where local
restaurants and schools are already sending their compost through the program.

Project COW was started three years ago as a service for local schools and
businesses.

Restaurants like The Marina are beginning to recognize the benefits of going
green and have started participating in Project COW.

"The owner is very earth friendly, as is the whole crew," said Amos Ireland,
head chef at The Marina. "It seemed like the right thing to do. So much food
ends up in the trash, and if it cannot fill up the landfills, then why not
recycle? It's not much more work for us at all."

Ireland said that at first there was concern that the smell of the compost might
reach the customers, but that hasn't been a problem.

"Triple T picks it up twice a week, and it's been working beautifully," he said.
"Without a doubt we would like to continue (with the program)."

Triple T started taking compost to Martin's Farm about five years ago, according
to Peter Gaskill, general manager of Triple T, and started the project with the
WSWMD years later.

"In order to focus on good quality compost, we partnered with the solid waste
district which provided training, signage and worked out the other details."

Gaskill said the program has grown in Windham County as well as in Franklin and
Hampshire counties in Massachusetts. He said that overall Triple T collects more
than 165 tons a month with the town of Brattleboro contributing about 4 tons per
week.

The Vernon Elementary School has been recycling with positive results for years.

"It's been a huge success," said Principal John Reed.

He said Triple T trucking has as special dumpster for the compost, the process
has been easy for them to implement, and the WSWMD takes care of it at no extra
charge to the school.

At first they had students take turns sorting the bins to make sure the children
were separating their trash correctly, but now the older kids are used to it,
and the third graders sort the bins for the younger grades.

"It's just a great program," Reed said. "The kids enjoy it, and we're really
proud of the whole thing."

Now the town of Vernon may start composting as well with a transfer station at
the Vernon Elementary School.

"They are working on that and hoping to piggyback on our program here by making
it available for townspeople," said Reed. "We might start by having people come
on weekends to monitor the dumpsters."

At the Green Street School in Brattleboro, a group of students called the Green
Team organized Project COW at their school and just began the program this year.

"I wanted to teach the students to compost," said Owen Toleno, Green Team Member
and fourth-grader at the Green Street School.

"It keeps the landfills from filling up and stops the incinerators from burning
stuff which will go into the air and come down as acid rain," he said.

Jaime Cone can be reached at jcone@reformer.com or 802-254-2311, ext. 277.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              764 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                     The Independent (Edgewood, New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 14, 2013

Solid Waste Authority is seeking more county dollars

BYLINE: The Independent staff

LENGTH: 903  words


The Estancia Valley Solid Waste Authority is looking to the future and has a
4-year goal of having a sustainable waste management system, according to
manager Joseph Ellis.

Asked for specifics, Ellis provided a comparison of the cost of service for
Torrance, Santa Fe and Lincoln counties.

In Torrance County, with manned neighborhood collection stations, the cost of
service is $225 per household per year, Ellis said. Of that, the property owner
pays $155.44 per household per year, leaving about $70 per household per year
now paid for by environmental services gross receipts tax and landfill
operations.

Santa Fe County's cost is $275.44 per household per year, with manned collection
stations and a 'pay as you throw' fee system. Property owners pay $67 per
household per year for trash disposal, with $145 per household per year coming
from the county's general fund, and $63 per household per year from
environmental services GRT

In Lincoln County, the system is unmanned containers on county roads, with no
limit. The cost of service there is $250 per household per year, paid by
property owners.

"By definition, rural waste management is expensive," BE is said in a statement,
"with higher costs covered either by high fees, underwriting schemes, grants, or
some combination."

Ellis and the Authority have come under fire by local resident Art DuCharme, who
contends that the EVSWA is a failed business and overcharging the county.

Ellis said the Authority was started when the state's Solid Waste Bureau said
all town dumps had to be closed and that solid waste had to be stored in lined
pits to protect groundwater. At that time, Torrance County, Moriarty, Estancia,
Mountainair, Willard and Encino joined forces to create EVSWA.

* Ellis said the Authority has been looked at as a model by Santa Fe, Valencia,
Lincoln, Quay and Guadalupe counties.

Asked why property owners have to pay the trash fee even if they don't use the
collection stations, Ellis asked, "How often do you call the Sheriff?" and said
trash collection is for the public good. He added that if somebody has not paid,
they can still dispose of their trash at collection sites.

To offset this cost, the Authority got $16, 000 from the county's general fund
at the last Torrance County commision meeting. This is the first time it has
done so, Ellis said.

By county ordinance, a resident who is indigent pays only half of the fee; the $
16, 000 is to offset: the cost of that, as the level of service remains the
same, Ellis said.

Asked about differences in the "tipping fee," or the amount charged per ton to
dump waste in the landfill, Ellis explained that member communities of the
Authority pay $31 a ton.

A town like Moriarty, for example, charges town residents for trash disposal,
and pays the Authority $31 a ton to dump it in the landfill.

Bernalillo County has a deal with the Authority whereby it pays $30 a ton to
dump trash, including construction waste. DuCharme says that sweetheart deal
'will fill up the landfill cell with construction waste.

Non-members pay $47 a ton to dump trash in the landfill.

"Until 2008, we had money coming from the state for help with construction of
new cells," Ellis said. A new cell costs a million dollars.

"In 2008, the economy went south and the capital outlay money dried up. We had
to borrow $1 million from the New Mexico Environment Department to build that
cell."

At the same time, landfill revenue dropped 25 to 30 percent, Ellis said.

Bernalillo County had put up $660, 000 initially, and over the course of 10
years had given the Authority a million dollars. "We need the cash flow for the
time being," Ellis said of the arrangement with Bernalillo County.

Trash from Bernalillo County come from the Tijeras transfer station, and is
separated to remove recyclables and compacted, Ellis said, adding that 14
percent of that trash is construction and demolition waste.

But the construction and demolition waste doesn't have to be disposed of in a
lined pit, and the Authority built a 3-acre site for disposal of construction
and demolition debris.

The Authority's 4-year plan matches the time it has estimated it will need a new
landfill cell, Ellis said.

The Authority's strategy will be to ask Torrance County for more money, to
bridge the gap between the cost of service and what property owners pay for
trash disposal. At the same time, the Authority will be seeking capital outlay
from the governor for construction of a new cell.

By 2017, Ellis hopes the county will have phased in $300, 000 a year to' make up
the difference between what the service costs and what landowners pay.

Another 'way the county could go would be to cut back services, and thereby
costs, Ellis said.

The Authority's recycling efforts also keep trash out of the landfill, making it
last longer, Ellis said. Last year the Authority was named Rural Recycler of the
Year by the N.M. Recycling Coalition for its hub and spoke system.

The Authority was named Outstanding Land Conservationist by the East Torrance
Soil and Water Conservation District. "We've been the recipient of many grants
from the [state] Solid Waste Bureau," Ellis said. "They recognize our
performance in grant administration as one of the best in New Mexico." He said
projects and paperwork are completed on time.

Asked if the Authority is mismanaged, Ellis answered, "There is no evidence for
it. We have an annual independent audit. There have been no findings."

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IED

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2013 The Independent


                              765 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 18, 2014 Saturday

West Virginia: DEP approves 30 applicants for FY2015 CED recycling grants

LENGTH: 924  words

DATELINE: Charleston


Department of environmental protection The State of West Virginia has issued the
following news release:

Thirty applicants have been approved for grants totaling $183,416 in the
Department of Environmental Protection's Covered Electronic Devices (CED)
Recycling Grant Program, DEP Cabinet Secretary Randy Huffman announced.

Established in 2008 under the DEP's Rehabilitation Environmental Action Plan
(REAP), the CED Program requires that electronics manufacturers register their
brands with the state. The fees collected from this program allow counties and
municipalities to apply for CED grants to conduct electronic collection events
(e-cycling) and support ongoing collection programs.

The goals of the program are to establish a registration process for
manufacturers of covered electronic devices, to determine if manufacturers have
adopted or implemented a free take-back/recycling program for their products and
to award recycling grants to counties and municipalities for recycling or other
programs that divert covered electronic devices from the waste stream.

Grants will be awarded to:

Barbour County Solid Waste Authority $5,000
To fund electronic transportation fees and supplies for the ongoing collection
program

Berkeley County Solid Waste Authority $10,000
To fund the ongoing electronic collection program

Brooke County Solid Waste Authority $10,000
To fund labor, contracted recycling services, advertising and supplies for a
collection event and the ongoing program

Cabell County Solid Waste Authority $5,000
To fund contracted services, advertising, forklift rental and signage for a
collection event

Clay County Solid Waste Authority $4,050
To fund contracted services, advertising, forklift rental and labor for a
collection event

Fayetteville, Town of $5,000
To fund contracted services, advertising, labor and equipment for a collection
event

Grafton, City of $4,800
To fund collection, transportation, processing and electronic recycler fees for
the ongoing collection program

Greenbrier County Solid Waste Authority $3,550
To fund advertising and shipping supplies for the ongoing collection program

Hancock County Solid Waste Authority $5,000
To fund electronic recycling fees for the ongoing collection program

Harrison County Solid Waste Authority $5,000
To fund electronic recycling fees and advertising for a collection event

Jackson County Solid Waste Authority $10,000
To fund electronic recycling fees, power installation, lighting, security lights
and roll-up door installation for the ongoing collection program

Jefferson County Solid Waste Authority $10,000
To fund electronic recycling fees and supplies for the ongoing collection
program

Kanawha County Commission $10,000
To fund electronic recycling fees for cleanup events

Kingwood, City of $5,000
To fund electronic recycling fees and advertising for a collection event

Lincoln County Solid Waste Authority $5,000
To fund electronic recycling services for a collection event

Marion County Solid Waste Authority $5,000
To fund contracted electronic recycling services, advertising and signage for a
collection event

McDowell County Solid Waste Authority $5,000
To fund collection handling labor, event labor, loading equipment rental,
advertising and contracted electronic recycling services for a collection event
and the ongoing collection program

Monroe County Solid Waste Authority $8,400
To fund electronic recycling services, advertising, labor and a skid steer
loader bucket for a collection event

Morgan County Solid Waste Authority $5,000
To fund contracted electronic recycling services and advertising for a
collection event

Nicholas County Solid Waste Authority $10,000
To fund electronic recycling fees for the ongoing collection program

Pleasants County Solid Waste Authority $5,000
To fund electronic recycling/transportation fees and advertising for a
collection event and the ongoing collection program

Pocahontas County Solid Waste Authority $5,000
To fund electronic recycling services and equipment rental for the ongoing
collection program

Putnam County Solid Waste Authority $5,000
To fund contracted electronic recycling services, advertising and fork truck
rental for a collection event

Region VIII County Solid Waste Authority $10,000
To fund equipment for the Southern Transfer Station ongoing electronic recycling
program

Summers County Solid Waste Authority $3,116
To fund advertising, forklift rental/operator and electronic recycling fees for
a collection event

Terra Alta, Town of $5,000
To fund electronic recycling services, supplies and advertising for the ongoing
collection program

Tucker County Solid Waste Authority $5,000
To fund electronic recycling and transportation fees for the ongoing collection
program

Wayne County Solid Waste Authority $4,500
To fund e-cycling fees and tires for the ongoing collection program

Wetzel County Solid Waste Authority $5,000
To fund electronic recycling services for a collection event

Wood County Solid Waste Authority $5,000
To fund electronic recycling services, supplies and advertising for a collection
event

For more DEP news and information, go to www.dep.wv.gov. Also, be sure to
connect with the agency on all social media platforms. Follow @DEPWV on Twitter
and find us on YouTube by searching "Environment Matters." For specific
information about the Adopt-A-Highway, West Virginia Project WET (Water
Education for Teachers), West Virginia NonPoint Source and Youth Environmental
programs, connect on Facebook.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              766 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

West Virginia: DEP approves 30 applicants for FY2015 CED recycling grants

LENGTH: 924  words

DATELINE: Charleston


Department of environmental protection The State of West Virginia has issued the
following news release:

Thirty applicants have been approved for grants totaling $183,416 in the
Department of Environmental Protection's Covered Electronic Devices (CED)
Recycling Grant Program, DEP Cabinet Secretary Randy Huffman announced.

Established in 2008 under the DEP's Rehabilitation Environmental Action Plan
(REAP), the CED Program requires that electronics manufacturers register their
brands with the state. The fees collected from this program allow counties and
municipalities to apply for CED grants to conduct electronic collection events
(e-cycling) and support ongoing collection programs.

The goals of the program are to establish a registration process for
manufacturers of covered electronic devices, to determine if manufacturers have
adopted or implemented a free take-back/recycling program for their products and
to award recycling grants to counties and municipalities for recycling or other
programs that divert covered electronic devices from the waste stream.

Grants will be awarded to:

Barbour County Solid Waste Authority $5,000
To fund electronic transportation fees and supplies for the ongoing collection
program

Berkeley County Solid Waste Authority $10,000
To fund the ongoing electronic collection program

Brooke County Solid Waste Authority $10,000
To fund labor, contracted recycling services, advertising and supplies for a
collection event and the ongoing program

Cabell County Solid Waste Authority $5,000
To fund contracted services, advertising, forklift rental and signage for a
collection event

Clay County Solid Waste Authority $4,050
To fund contracted services, advertising, forklift rental and labor for a
collection event

Fayetteville, Town of $5,000
To fund contracted services, advertising, labor and equipment for a collection
event

Grafton, City of $4,800
To fund collection, transportation, processing and electronic recycler fees for
the ongoing collection program

Greenbrier County Solid Waste Authority $3,550
To fund advertising and shipping supplies for the ongoing collection program

Hancock County Solid Waste Authority $5,000
To fund electronic recycling fees for the ongoing collection program

Harrison County Solid Waste Authority $5,000
To fund electronic recycling fees and advertising for a collection event

Jackson County Solid Waste Authority $10,000
To fund electronic recycling fees, power installation, lighting, security lights
and roll-up door installation for the ongoing collection program

Jefferson County Solid Waste Authority $10,000
To fund electronic recycling fees and supplies for the ongoing collection
program

Kanawha County Commission $10,000
To fund electronic recycling fees for cleanup events

Kingwood, City of $5,000
To fund electronic recycling fees and advertising for a collection event

Lincoln County Solid Waste Authority $5,000
To fund electronic recycling services for a collection event

Marion County Solid Waste Authority $5,000
To fund contracted electronic recycling services, advertising and signage for a
collection event

McDowell County Solid Waste Authority $5,000
To fund collection handling labor, event labor, loading equipment rental,
advertising and contracted electronic recycling services for a collection event
and the ongoing collection program

Monroe County Solid Waste Authority $8,400
To fund electronic recycling services, advertising, labor and a skid steer
loader bucket for a collection event

Morgan County Solid Waste Authority $5,000
To fund contracted electronic recycling services and advertising for a
collection event

Nicholas County Solid Waste Authority $10,000
To fund electronic recycling fees for the ongoing collection program

Pleasants County Solid Waste Authority $5,000
To fund electronic recycling/transportation fees and advertising for a
collection event and the ongoing collection program

Pocahontas County Solid Waste Authority $5,000
To fund electronic recycling services and equipment rental for the ongoing
collection program

Putnam County Solid Waste Authority $5,000
To fund contracted electronic recycling services, advertising and fork truck
rental for a collection event

Region VIII County Solid Waste Authority $10,000
To fund equipment for the Southern Transfer Station ongoing electronic recycling
program

Summers County Solid Waste Authority $3,116
To fund advertising, forklift rental/operator and electronic recycling fees for
a collection event

Terra Alta, Town of $5,000
To fund electronic recycling services, supplies and advertising for the ongoing
collection program

Tucker County Solid Waste Authority $5,000
To fund electronic recycling and transportation fees for the ongoing collection
program

Wayne County Solid Waste Authority $4,500
To fund e-cycling fees and tires for the ongoing collection program

Wetzel County Solid Waste Authority $5,000
To fund electronic recycling services for a collection event

Wood County Solid Waste Authority $5,000
To fund electronic recycling services, supplies and advertising for a collection
event

For more DEP news and information, go to www.dep.wv.gov. Also, be sure to
connect with the agency on all social media platforms. Follow @DEPWV on Twitter
and find us on YouTube by searching "Environment Matters." For specific
information about the Adopt-A-Highway, West Virginia Project WET (Water
Education for Teachers), West Virginia NonPoint Source and Youth Environmental
programs, connect on Facebook.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              767 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 2, 2014 Saturday

BRIEF: Applications for grants available

BYLINE: Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 138 words


Aug. 02--OREGON -- Sign-up for the final Waste Reduction, Recycling Grant
applications is underway.

Grants of up to $2,000, are available to Ogle County businesses, schools,
municipalities, churches, scout groups, and nonprofit organizations to establish
or improve on waste reduction and recycling programs and services. Applicants
must provide a 20 percent match of the total project cost.

Applications are due by Oct. 3 and will be reviewed, scored, and acted on by the
Solid Waste Committee by the end of October.

For more information or to request an application, contact the Ogle County Solid
Waste Management Department, 909 W. Pines Road, or oglecounty.org or call
815-732-4020.

___ (c)2014 the Daily Gazette (Sterling, Ill.) Visit the Daily Gazette
(Sterling, Ill.) at www.saukvalley.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140802-YG-BRF-Applications-for-grants-available-0802-20140802

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2014 Daily Gazette


                              768 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 28, 2016 Monday

Regulatory update: Washington Utilities and Transportation Commission has issued
order regarding (BOBBY WOLFORD TRUCKING & SALVAGE INC - Order 02, Order Granting
Request for Leave to Withdraw; Closing Docket)

LENGTH: 413  words

DATELINE: New York



 Olympia: Washington Utilities and Transportation Commission has issued the
following document summary:



 Service Date: November 17, 2016

 BEFORE THE WASHINGTON

 UTILITIES AND TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION

 In the Matter of the Application of

 BOBBY WOLFORD TRUCKING & SALVAGE, INC.



 For Authority to Operate as a Solid Waste Collection Company in Washington

 DOCKET TG-152228

 ORDER 02

 ORDER GRANTING REQUEST FOR LEAVE TO WITHDRAW; CLOSING DOCKET

 BACKGROUND

 1 On November 19, 2015, Bobby Wolford Trucking & Salvage, Inc. (Bobby Wolford
Trucking or Company) filed with the Washington Utilities and Transportation
Commission (Commission) an application for authority to operate as a solid waste
collection company (Application). Rabanco Companies, Ltd. d/b/a Republic
Services, Waste Management of Washington, Inc., and Rubatino Refuse Removal,
Inc. protested the Application.

 2 On September 21, 2016, the Commission convened a prehearing conference before
Administrative Law Judge Rayne Pearson. That same day, the Commission issued
Order 01, Prehearing Conference Order; Notice of Hearing, set for November 14,
2016, at 9:30 a.m.

 3 On November 7, 2016, Bobby Wolford Trucking notified the Commission that it
intended to withdraw its Application. On November 10, the Commission issued a
Notice Suspending Procedural Schedule pending receipt of the Company's formal
request for withdrawal.

 4 On November 16, 2016, Bobby Wolford Trucking filed with the Commission a
Motion for Leave to Withdraw Application (Motion). In its Motion, the Company
explained that it is actively seeking a qualified buyer to purchase its business
and assets. Accordingly, the Company does not wish to pursue solid waste
collection authority at this time.

 DECISION

 5 The Commission finds good cause to grant Bobby Wolford Trucking's request.
The Company no longer seeks solid waste collection authority, and the withdrawal
of its Application eliminates the underlying dispute between the parties.
Accordingly, we grant the Motion and close this docket.

 DOCKET TG-152228 PAGE 2

 ORDER

 THE COMMISSION ORDERS:

 6 (1) Bobby Wolford Trucking & Salvage, Inc.'s motion for leave to withdraw its
Application is granted.

 7 (2) Docket TG-152228 is closed.

 DATED at Olympia, Washington, and effective November 17, 2016.

 WASHINGTON UTILITIES AND TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION

 RAYNE PEARSON Administrative Law Judge



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              769 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             March 3, 2011 Thursday
                                  All Editions

Recycling, composting grant funds available

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 230 words

DATELINE: AUGUSTA


The Maine State Planning Office, through its Waste Management and Recycling
Program, has announced the availability of competitive grant funds to assist
with the implementation or expansion of municipal recycling and composting
efforts.

The grant program is designed to help municipal recycling programs increase
their ability to capture more materials, with a focus on corrugated cardboard,
and also to develop or expand leaf and yard debris composting operations.

"Municipalities have been providing recycling and composting services for their
residents and businesses for over 20 years and this grant program recognizes
those commitments and is aimed at helping improve those services," said Tim
Glidden, acting director of the State Planning Office.

Eligibility for the grants includes municipalities or publicly supported solid
waste programs, with priority given to regional programs. Approximately $300,000
is available, with individual grant awards not exceeding $25,000. A local match
of at least 15 percent of the total grant amount is required. Local match
options include certain in-kind contributions as well as cash.

Applications must be postmarked no later than April 14 or delivered to the State
Planning Office by 4 p.m. April 15. Faxed or e-mailed submissions will not be
accepted. Applications are available at the State Planning Office's website,
maine.gov/spo/recycle.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Bangor Daily News


                              770 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                      Finance & Commerce (Minneapolis, MN)

                            October 22, 2010 Friday

Refuse-funding cuts, rules rankle Twin Cities' area counties

BYLINE: Bob Geiger

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 729  words


Rubbish.

County officials say they're increasingly frustrated with the state's
pollution-control agency, which is drastically cutting back on funding for the
six-county Solid Waste Management Coordinating Board (SWMCB) and imposing new
regulations on the county officials who use those funds.

In 2011, the SWMCB will have a budget of $271,000, a big drop from more than
$802,000 in 2010. But at a Hennepin County board briefing Thursday,
commissioners were primarily concerned not about the drop in funding but about
new restrictions on that funding, which are scheduled to be discussed at the
Oct. 28 SWMCB meeting.

For years, counties have operated under five-year grants that encourage
increased recycling and related programs, which result in decreasing volumes of
solid waste sent to landfills.

But that's about to change, because the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency
(MPCA) has proposed shortening the grant cycle to one year and changing the way
counties are paid, in addition to requiring quarterly reports on the results of
county efforts.

"It's hard to plan ahead for one year if you don't have any money left to spend
during the second year," said Carl Michaud, director of environmental services
for Hennepin County.

Besides Hennepin County, other SWMCB members are Anoka County, Carver County,
Dakota County, Ramsey County and Washington County.

The seventh metro-area county, Scott County, dropped out of the SWMCB in the
late 1990s because the southwestern county deemed its master plan close to that
of the MPCA's regulations, said Allen Frechette, environmental health and
inspections manager for the county.

As 2011 approaches - along with a yet-to-be-elected governor and mix of new and
veteran legislators - the MPCA has changed its method of operating and SWMCB
funding.

Funding for SWMCB is part of the $3.5 million Metropolitan Landfill Abatement
Fund that is made up of a landfill contingency fund, abatement account,
recycling development grants and a variety of expenses, including funding for
the MPCA's metro area program.

Why the MPCA changes?

"It's been coming in response to priority-based funding over a number of years,"
said Myrna Halbach, chief financial officer for the MPCA. "By no means are we
trying to end it; we're trying to take a more holistic effort and leverage the
funding" to measure results of grants.

The MPCA's new funding mechanism involves counties receiving two lump-sum
payments. One is a fixed lump-sum payment, with the remaining payment consisting
of funds that SWMCB members must apply for - and receive at a later date if they
are approved by the MPCA.

"Hennepin County could come out a little bit better. The county could decide if
they want to handle some of those responsibilities and authorities," Halbach
said, mentioning communications as one chore SWMCB members could assume.

To county officials, however, the changes in funding from the MPCA merely shift
administrative costs to the counties and represent an inefficient way to
distribute Metro Landfill Abatement Account funds, which comes from a surcharge
on municipal solid waste dumped in metro area landfills.

"The deal has changed," said Jan Callison, Sixth District Hennepin County
commissioner. "The state wants to be more directive. They want to be more
prescribing in terms of outcomes.

"It's been hard for the coordinating board to track, and hard for the county
board to expect what the state wants us to do," Callison added. "There's a fair
amount of frustration on both sides in terms of what's acceptable, or what
they're willing to accept. "

Said Michaud of the new MPCA plans: "It's micro-management. "

Among those speaking out during the board briefing were Seventh District
Commissioner Jeff Johnson, who, in a seeming reference to post-Pawlenty MPCA
governance, asked, "Would these (funding) changes stay the same under a
different administration?"

Scott County's Frechette said his county of 131,000 people has been successful
in its recycling efforts, hiring private trash haulers to focus on larger-volume
commercial customers and apartment complexes to boost recycling to between 50
percent and 55 percent - nearly 10 percent more than Hennepin County.

Asked whether Scott County had heard from SWMCB about joining the metro county
group, Frechette replied, "The only thing I got from them during the last 10
years was a virus from their computer system. "

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              771 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               December 18, 1995, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

'PAY AS YOU THROW' TRASH PLAN GAINING ACCEPTANCE AROUND AREA

BYLINE: Phil Sutin Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: ZONE NORTH; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 942 words


Watch what you throw in the trash. One day you may pay for every little bit of
it.

Many households now pay a flat fee for trash removal, whether the hauler empties
one garbage can or three or four. In some municipalities, taxes pay for trash
collection.

But the idea of charging by volume or weight of the trash is getting serious
consideration. It is designed to encourage recycling, save landfill space and
reduce costs. It is the way of the future, said David Berger, executive director
of the St. Louis-Jefferson Solid Waste Management District.

The idea is called "pay as you throw."

Swansea, Ill., has handled its trash this way for nearly five years. Officials
are happy with the results.

Last week on this side of the Mississippi River:

A solid-waste committee in Kirkwood recommended that the city charge for trash
collection based on volume.

The St. Louis County Council received a recommendation that the county award
grants to a hauler and to Pagedale to test the possibility of charging by
weight.

Bella Villa aldermen soon will consider a resolution of intent to adopt a charge
by volume system that could begin next April.

In Swansea, households pay $ 1.06 for each sticker that is put on trash bags.
Bella Villa is considering a variation of that idea. Residents would pay a flat
fee for collection of a container of up to 35 gallons provided by the city and
could buy stickers for adding bags or cans. Kirkwood has not worked out details
of its system.

But in each case, haulers would provide curbside recycling at no additional
cost.

The Kirkwood task force said volume pricing would be a step toward a goal of
reducing by 50 percent by the year 2000 the solid waste that goes in landfills.

Currently, Kirkwood residents pay $ 8.25 a month for trash pick up by city
employees twice a week. Kirkwood does not provide curbside collection of
recyclables. The city employs 15 full-time trash collectors and two part-time
collectors.

A poll of 400 Kirkwood residents living in single-family houses in the last week
in June showed that 40.5 percent of the respondents disposed of two to three
bags of trash a week and 29 percent threw out four to five bags.

Opinions on a volume-based charge were closely divided: 44 percent of the
respondents favored the idea and 50 percent did not. The poll by Evaluation,
Management and Training Associates Inc., had a sampling error of 5 percent.

The task force recommended that trash placed in disposable bags be collected
once a week and recyclables once a week. The city's sanitation department should
continue doing the work. The city's recycling center should remain open to serve
residents in apartments, non-residents and people who want to use it as a
supplement to curbside collection, the group said.

The city should strengthen ordinances against illegal dumping, it said. The
council also should adopt an anti-scavenging ordinance "to stop pilfering of
valuable recyclables from the curb or depository," the task force said.

County officials propose giving E & H Hauling and Pagedale grants totaling $
136,000 to test the idea of charging by weight. Money for the grant comes from a
surcharge the county placed on tipping fees at landfills in the county.

E & H Hauling, the trash hauler for Pagedale, would receive $ 100,000 to pay for
a specially designed truck with a government-certified scale and related
equipment. The company would pay the remainder of the $ 218,000 cost of the
material.

Pagedale would receive $ 36,000 for efforts to encourage residents and operators
of small businesses to recycle. The money would be used for events, training,
workshops and promotional materials.

E & H picks up trash once a week and recyclables once a week. The city pays for
the service. The arrangement would not change at least in the next several
years, city and company officials said.

The project is designed to establish a base that would help set rates and make
before and after comparisons, said Steve Tripplett, operations manager of E & H.

Residents would receive statements monthly or quarterly showing how much of the
material they discard is trash and how much is set out for recycling. The
documents will be part of the effort to encourage recycling, he said.

"We would like to see a 40 to 50 percent reduction in trash by weight,"
Tripplett said.

Haulers would benefit from such a reduction because the less material they dumps
in landfills, the less they pay in tipping fees, Tripplett said.

Swansea selected a hauler for the city and began charging by volume in 1991,
after the Illinois Legislature passed a law aimed at reducing solid waste.
Previously, residents had to arrange for their own trash pickup. The stickers
for trash bags are sold at the government center and at three service stations,
a supermarket and a discount department store in the village.

A city brochure issued in May said 32 percent of residential solid waste in the
city has been kept out of landfills, and 90 percent of the residents recycle
materials.

"Buying a new sticker every time you want to dispose of refuse or yard waste may
sound expensive at first," the brochure said. "But we figure that the average
resident pays about 65 percent of what they paid for the service before the
program began."

"The program has gone exceptionally well," said Swansea Mayor Michael Buehlhorn.
"Some residents were reluctant at first. We overcame that with good education."

When Swansea first sought bids for collections, only Bill's Sanitation submitted
one, Buehlhorn said. Three years later about a half-dozen companies bid, and
Bill's lost.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              772 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              December 14, 1995, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

'PAY AS YOU THROW' PLAN CONSIDERED ; TRASH FEES MAY CHANGE TO ENCOURAGE
RECYCLING

BYLINE: Phil Sutin Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: ZONE SOUTH; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 942 words


Watch what you throw in the trash. One day you may pay for every little bit of
it.

Many households now pay a flat fee for trash removal, whether the hauler empties
one garbage can or three or four. In some municipalities, taxes pay for trash
collection.

But the idea of charging by volume or weight of the trash is getting serious
consideration. It is designed to encourage recycling, save landfill space and
reduce costs. It is the way of the future, said David Berger, executive director
of the St. Louis-Jefferson Solid Waste Management District.

The idea is called "pay as you throw."

Swansea, Ill., has handled its trash this way for nearly five years. Officials
are happy with the results.

Last week on this side of the Mississippi River:

A solid waste task force in Kirkwood recommended that the city charge for trash
collection based on volume.

The St. Louis County Council received a recommendation that the county award
grants to a hauler and to Pagedale to test the possibility of charging by
weight.

Bella Villa aldermen soon will consider a resolution of intent to adopt a charge
by volume system that could begin next April.

In Swansea, households pay $ 1.06 for each sticker that is put on trash bags.
Bella Villa is considering a variation of that idea. Residents would pay a flat
fee for collection of a container of up to 35 gallons provided by the city and
could buy stickers for adding bags or cans. Kirkwood has not worked out details
of its system.

But in each case, haulers would provide curbside recycling at no additional
cost.

The Kirkwood task force said volume pricing would be a step toward a goal of
reducing by 50 percent by the year 2000 the solid waste that goes in landfills.

Currently, Kirkwood residents pay $ 8.25 a month for trash pick up by city
employees twice a week. Kirkwood does not provide curbside collection of
recyclables. The city employs 15 full-time trash collectors and two part-time
ones.

A poll of 400 Kirkwood residents living in single-family houses in the last week
in June showed that 40.5 percent of the respondents disposed of two to three
bags of trash a week and 29 percent threw out four to five bags.

Opinions on a volume-based charge were closely divided - 44 percent of the
respondents favored the idea and 50 percent did not. The poll by Evaluation,
Management and Training Associates Inc., had a sampling error of 5 percent.

The task force recommended that trash placed in disposable bags be collected
once a week and recyclables once a week. The city's sanitation department should
continue doing the work. The city's recycling center should remain open to serve
residents in apartments, non-residents and people who want to use it as a
supplement to curbside collection, the group said.

The city should strengthen ordinances against illegal dumping, it said. The
council also should adopt an anti-scavenging ordinance "to stop pilfering of
valuable recyclables from the curb or depository," the task force said.

County officials propose giving E & H Hauling and Pagedale grants totaling $
136,000 to test the idea of charging by weight. Money for the grant comes from a
surcharge the county placed on tipping fees at landfills in the county.

E & H Hauling, the trash hauler for Pagedale, would receive $ 100,000 to pay for
a specially designed truck with a government-certified scale and related
equipment. The company would pay the remainder of the $ 218,000 cost of the
material.

Pagedale would receive $ 36,000 for efforts to encourage residents and operators
of small businesses to recycle. The money would be used for events, training,
workshops and promotional materials.

E & H picks up trash once a week and recyclables once a week. The city pays for
the service. The arrangement would not change at least in the next several
years, city and company officials said.

The project is designed to establish a base that would help set rates and make
before and after comparisons, said Steve Tripplett, operations manager of E & H.

Residents would receive statements monthly or quarterly showing how much of the
material they discard is trash and how much is set out for recycling. The
documents will be part of the effort to encourage recycling, he said.

"We would like to see a 40 to 50 percent reduction in trash by weight,"
Tripplett said.

Haulers would benefit from such a reduction because the less material they dumps
in landfills, the less they pay in tipping fees, Tripplett said.

Swansea selected a hauler for the city and began charging by volume in 1991,
after the Illinois Legislature passed a law aimed at reducing solid waste.
Previously, residents had to arrange for their own trash pickup. The stickers
for trash bags are sold at the government center and at three service stations,
a supermarket and a discount department store in the village.

A city brochure issued in May said 32 percent of residential solid waste in the
city has been kept out of landfills, and 90 percent of the residents recycle
materials.

"Buying a new sticker every time you want to dispose of refuse or yard waste may
sound expensive at first," the brochure said. "But we figure that the average
resident pays about 65 percent of what they paid for the service before the
program began."

"The program has gone exceptionally well," said Swansea Mayor Michael Buehlhorn.
"Some residents were reluctant at first. We overcame that with good education."

When Swansea first sought bids for collections, only Bill's Sanitation submitted
one, Buehlhorn said. Three years later about a half-dozen companies bid, and
Bill's lost.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              773 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                            August 27, 2009 Thursday

Japan assists Northern rehabilitation

LENGTH: 558  words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Aug. 27 -- The Japanese Government is supporting the rehabilitation
and reconstruction efforts in the Northern Province through a number of projects
implemented through Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA).

Upon a request from the Northern Provincial Council at the end of the armed
conflict, a team from Local Government and Provincial Councils Ministry,
National Solid Waste Management Support Centre and JICA was dispatched to the
IDP center at Menik Farm to survey and propose immediate measures required to
improve sanitation issues and address waste disposal.

The team prepared an action plan which included measures to improve waste
collection and transportation, waste disposal outside the IDP center and overall
waste management. Steps already taken under the action plan include, increase of
waste collection frequency, regular clearing of drains, utilizing additional
waste disposal sites, increase of toilet facilities and provision of gully
bowsers. The Ministry of Local Government and Provincial Councils has also
established a site management office to monitor and manage the activities.

The Government of Japan has decided to allocate Rs. 117 million to assist in
urgently implementing the crucial measures in the action plan. These funds
generated through the 2KR Counterpart Funds which were provided by the
Government of Japan under Grant Assistance will be utilized by NSWMC to supply
required equipment for transportation and disposal of solid waste and sewage,
and also for transportation of water. The equipment will include 26 tractors, 4
tipper trucks, 2 loaders, 1 backhoe loader and 2 pickup trucks. The funds will
also be used for improvement of roadside drains in the IDP center.

Through an ODA loan program, JICA is assisting the rehabilitation of irrigation
facilities in Mannar and Vavuniya Districts where returned IDPs will recommence
agricultural activities.

Another Japanese ODA loan supports a micro-finance project to provide 2,100
million Japanese Yen (Rs.2520 million) credit facilities for income generation
activities in agriculture, fisheries, small business etc.

The microfinance credit will be provided to 14 districts in the country, and
more than 50 percent of total credit will be allocated to Northern and Eastern
regions in line with JICA's commitment to ensure inclusive development by
reducing regional disparities. ICA also plans to commence a training program to
provide training opportunities to improve the capacity of frontline officers in
the North and East, who will bear substantial responsibilities in the
reconstruction and rehabilitation.

The grant-aid projects in the Northern region funded by the Japanese Government
include Mannar bridge and causeway connecting Mannar island to the mainland
which is expected to be completed by March 2010 and significantly improve access
and exchange between the two locations.

Agricultural equipment will be provided to meet the immediate needs of
agricultural development through grant-aid. The Government of Japan has also
provided 1,870 million Japanese Yen (Rs. 2,250 million) since 2009 to support
IDP rehabilitation and de-mining activities in the North. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Daily News Sri Lanka. For more information on
news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2009 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              774 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

            December 21, 1989, THURSDAY, ILLINOIS FIVE STAR Edition

BOARD OF REVIEW SESSION IS EXTENDED DESPITE PROTEST

BYLINE: Robert Kelly Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1I

LENGTH: 454 words


The Madison County Board voted Wednesday to extend this year's session of the
county Board of Review to Jan. 19, over the objections of some County Board
members who said the extension would delay the mailing of tax bills.  The Review
Board, which hears appeals on property-tax assessments in the county, has a
backlog of about 5,000 cases and needs an extension beyond the previously set
deadline of Dec. 31 to complete its work, board members notified the County
Board. County Board Chairman Nelson Hagnauer, D-Granite City, said it was not
unusual that the Review Board needed extra time to complete its work. ''There's
been numbers of years that we've had to extend the deadline,'' he said.  Even
so, County Board member Jack Frandsen, D-Alhambra, was among a few members who
voted against the extension. Frandsen said he wanted to send a message to the
Review Board to complete its work so tax bills could be mailed on time in 1990.
The bills have been late too many times in recent years, he said.  County Clerk
Evelyn Bowles noted that the large backlog in tax review cases was attributed to
assessment increases from quadrennial reassessments this year in many parts of
Madison County.  In other action Wednesday, the County Board: Agreed to spend
$7,900 for aerial surveys and topographical maps of the Laidlaw and Waste
Management Inc. landfills in the county to help the board devise a landfill
regulation plan.  Awarded a $99,240 contract to Genesys Software Systems Inc. of
Methuen, Maine, for a new payroll and personnel benefits computer system for
Madison County's data processing operations.  Voted to spend up to $30,500 in
Community Services Block Grant money next year in a contract with the Madison
County Urban League to provide housing counseling services for the poor.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              775 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             March 4, 2010 Thursday

Syria, Japan sign two cooperation agreements

LENGTH: 199 words


Text of report in English by state-run Syrian news agency SANA website

["Syria, Japan Sign Technical Cooperation Agreements" _ SANA Headline]

03/04/2010 Damascus, (SANA) - Syrian and Japanese governments on Thursday [4
March] signed mutual letters and minutes of talks on 24 million yen (about USD
270.000) Japanese cultural grant to the Ministry of Higher Education.   The
grant aims at providing technical equipment that help supporting academic and
scientific research held by Japan Centre for Academic Cooperation at University
of Aleppo. Minister of Higher Education Dr Ghiath Barakat said that the
agreement encourages Syrian-Japanese academic and cultural cooperation.

The two sides also signed the grant agreement of 985 million yen (about USD 10
million) for solid waste treatment equipment project. The project aims at
providing equipment required to effective treatment of solid waste in all Syrian
provinces. According to the agreement, 92 vehicles including compactors, medical
waste truck, dump truck, wheel loader, wash container, mobile workshop,
mechanical sweeper and sprinkler truck are to be handed over in May 2011.

Source: SANA news agency website, Damascus in English 4 Mar 10

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2010 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              776 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                      Macon County Times, Lafayette, Tenn.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 15, 2011 Thursday

Committee will evaluate transfer station hours for trash drop-off

BYLINE: Deidre Wilson, Macon County Times, Lafayette, Tenn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 934 words


Dec. 15--Commissioners voted to have the Solid Waste Committee meet to work out
a way to shift around hours at the Solid Waste transfer station to create more
accessible hours for county citizens.

Commissioner Jerry Ray says he has had several county residents complain that
they are unable to make it out to the transfer station in time to dispose of
their trash because their work schedules conflict with the hours the transfer
station is open.

Solid Waste Director Debbie Richardson-Harper was present at Monday night's
meeting to talk to commissioners.

"Debbie, not saying that you're not doing a good job over there. I think you're
doing a great job. The complaints of the people that I'm getting is that they
can't get in from work in time to get their trash over there during the week,
and you're open on one Saturday. Then, they're saying that they can't get over
there on that particular day, and they have to hold their trash over another
month," said Ray.

"Some of them are wanting to know if you could stay open more Saturdays or maybe
you close one day a week where you could open on Saturdays for the convenience
of the people."

Commissioner Scott Gammons says he's seen more dumping since the county decided
to quit holding county clean-up day.

Richardson-Harper told commissioners about some ways they had tried to address
the problem in the past.

"If you remember, a few years ago, we tried being open two Saturdays from 8-12,
twice a month. What that turned out to be was the same number of people were
coming in on two different Saturdays. We didn't feel that it was cost efficient
enough to pay overtime for people to work there when you're getting the same
amount of people and revenue coming in.

"We looked at being closed half a day for them to be there that half day on
Saturday. Then, that was putting us behind in our regular work. I only have two
part-time employees. The part-time employee, the entire time he's there, he's
hauling trash to the landfill in Smith County."

She says interrupting the hours where contracted trash collectors and real
estate contractors come in could interfere with the amount of revenue the
transfer station brings in.

Building Codes

A public hearing concerning the adoption of the 2006 International Building
Codes was held during Monday night's meeting.

Building Codes Enforcer Mike Rogers explained that the county has to operate
under building codes that were written within seven years of the most recent
codes.

Rogers says that the 2012 codes have already been published.

Currently, Macon County is operating under the 2003 International Building
Codes.

Commissioner Anthony Bullington, who sits on the county's planning commission
added, "The building codes are bare-minimum standards. There's nothing
extravagant asking someone to spend hundreds of thousands of dollars extra. It's
bare-minimum building practices that should be adhered to."

Commissioners voted to approve the adoption of the 2006 International Building
Codes, which will take effect on Jan. 1.

Tanker for RBS

At last week's meeting, commissioners voted to authorize Randy Hagan from the
Red Boiling Springs Rescue Squad to find a truck and report back to the regular
meeting on Dec. 12.

Hagan says he has found a truck in Joplin, MO.

Commissioners approved to pay for the truck out of fund balance.

Budget Amendments

Industrial Development--$1100 reimbursement to the Chamber of Commerce from the
State of Tennessee for the Soil Conservationist office space rent for the months
of July, August and September.

Rabies and Animal Control--$261.97 reimbursement for supplies from donations
made to the dog pound.

CDBG--$9,086.85 reimbursement from the state for the 2009 Community Development
Block Grant waterline project.

Fire Alarm System--$59,931.73 moved from fund balance to pay for engineering and
installation for the new fire alarm system at the Macon County Justice Center as
approved by commissioners last month.

Resolutions

Building Codes--As mandated by the state, Macon County commissioners will vote
on the adoption of the 2006 International Building Code. Separate resolutions
have been drafted pertaining to both residential and commercial building codes.
A public hearing will be held on Dec. 12 during the County Commissioners'
meeting concerning the adoption of the codes. Currently, Macon County is
operating under the 2003 building codes.

Debt Management Policy--Also mandated by the state, Macon County Commissioners
passed on a resolution to the full body meeting creating a debt management
policy including mandatory provisions developed by the State Funding Board.
According to Mayor Linville, the commissioners must submit this resolution to
the state comptroller's office before the state will approve any resolutions
passed by the county legislative body concerning the borrowing of funds.

USDA Solid Waste Management Grant--Authorizes Advocates for the Upper
Cumberland, Inc. to submit an application on the county's behalf for a Solid
Waste Management Grant to USDA Rural Development in the amount of $1,768 for the
recycling program.

Other business

-- The following notaries public were elected: Keith M. Pedigo and Anita C.
Thomas

-- Commissioners voted to defer voting on the purchase of a building to house
the Lafayette Fire Department's tanker truck until January

-- To post no hunting signs at the old landfill location

-- To proceed with surveying the land for a building for the West Macon Rescue
Squad

___ (c)2011 the Macon County Times (Lafayette, Tenn.) Visit the Macon County
Times (Lafayette, Tenn.) at www.maconcountytimes.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20111215-1LY-Committee-will-evaluate-transfer-station-hours-for-trash-drop-off-1
215-20111215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LY


                                 Copyright 2011


                              777 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                             April 25, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Municipalities to get $21M: Pelee Island, Amherstburg, Lakeshore share
infrastructure cash

BYLINE: Lee Palser, Windsor Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 454  words

DATELINE: AMHERSTBURG


AMHERSTBURG - Three area municipalities will share more than $21.4 million in
federal and provincial funding for water and sewage treatment, as well as solid
waste management.

The money, part of the second phase of the Canada Ontario Municipal and Rural
Infrastructure (COMRIF) program, targets projects on Pelee Island, Amherstburg
and Lakeshore.

The grants were announced in Amherstburg by town mayors, Essex MPP Bruce Crozier
and Essex MP Jeff Watson.

More than $235 million in funding was announced for 88 communities around
Ontario.

- Amherstburg: $10.6 million from the province and Ottawa as part of a nearly
$16 million plan to upgrade its pollution control plant;

- Lakeshore: $10.2 million toward the $15.3 million cost of a new water
treatment plant;

- Pelee Island: $607,000 for its $911,000 recycling and composting plan to
reduce the amount of waste landfilled and to improve solid waste management
practices.

All three mayors paid tribute to the senior levels of government, with a happy
Pelee Island Mayor Bill Krestel quipping that he was pleased that Amherstburg
was going to "improve" the island's water quality:

"As you know, we live just down the street."

He added the recycling program will help the island remain "green."

Meanwhile, Lakeshore Mayor Bob Croft pointed out that town officials "worked
very hard for this."

Croft said his council was criticized last year for sending a large contingent
to a Canadian Federation of Municipalities conference in Newfoundland, "but it
was at those places where you can meet federal people and talk to them.

"We got turned down for our first application and I was able to ask them who
should I see and where should I go."

And Amherstburg Mayor Wayne Hurst said the grants would help "in so many ways.

"I've always said that the difference between success and failure to a community
is the ability to grow.... We had been challenged with the condition of our
infrastructure."

Not everyone at the news conference went away happy. Kingsville Mayor Nelson
Santos, who is also the deputy warden, said it was too bad the county hadn't
received a grant to help rebuild two bridges on County Road 22.

"We didn't any funding in this round as well," he said. "We downsized our
original application ... and tried to focus on two projects we felt were
significant. Unfortunately, those projects didn't come through."

He called the announcement "bittersweet," saying he was pleased for those
municipalities that were successful.

- - -

HEALTH AND SAFETY

COMRIF is a five-year, $900-million program targeting infrastructure upgrades to
improve safe drinking water, better sewage systems, improved waste management,
safer roads and bridges and other health and safety priorities.

Source: www.comrif.ca

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              778 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                                Telegraph Herald

                              May 8, 2001 Tuesday

Tub grinder gives wood, waste a 'mulch'-desired effect; Environmentally
friendly: Machine munches up wood, other materials

BYLINE: MARY NEVANS PEDERSON

SECTION: Pg. a3

LENGTH: 395 words


Piles of debris from construction and demolition sites, manufacturing plants and
saw mills are reduced to mulch-sized bits by a new, mobile tub grinder that a
Dubuque business has purchased. It does the same number on yard waste and storm
debris.

The 84,000-pound machine munches up large pieces of wood and other materials and
spits out towering piles of wood chips or shreds. All that material, normally
earmarked for the landfill, can now be reused as mulch or bedding.

Bill Miller, owner of Bill Miller Logging Inc. in Dubuque, purchased the
behemoth grinder with help from a special Iowa Department of Natural Resources
program grant/loan combination. The company received $$ @254,000 from the DNR's
Waste Management Assistance Division's Solid Waste Alternatives Program.

Tom Anderson, DNR environmental specialist, said the program has offered loans
or grants since 1987 to projects that decrease the amount of solid waste
entering Iowa's landfills. The goal is to divert 3 million tons of waste from
the state's landfills, he added.

Until Miller purchased the $$ @400,000 grinder, the company had rented one.
Miller added a chipping operation to the family's logging business 23 years ago
and has specialized in whole-tree chipping for road and other construction
contractors in Iowa and Illinois.

"What's good about this one is it's mobile and it can take care of stuff that
can't be processed in other ways," Miller said. The 40-foot long machine is
towed to a work site by a semi tractor.

On a recent day, Miller's son, Jason, 25, of La Motte, was grinding an enormous
pile of Christmas trees, tree limbs and shrub debris at the Dubuque County
Landfill. He manipulated a mechanical arm that placed the debris into a huge
tub. The material was forced through steel holes (various sizes can be
selected), dropped onto an auger and carried out on a conveyor belt. The
resulting pile was one-third the size of the original.

Some of the mulch might end up on the gardens and orchards of New Melleray
Abbey, where the monks raise much of their own food.

Miller also plans to offer for sale some of the mulch and wood chips produced by
the grinder.

"We think this helps the environment a lot. This stuff would either get burned
or lay there a long time. Now it is usable, or at least it will break down
faster," Miller said.


LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: mug: Bill Miller Miller Logging Company operates a tub grinder at
Dubuque's landfil, which makes mulch out of recyclable materials.

                  Copyright 2001 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              779 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 21, 1992, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

COMPANY NEWS;
S.E.C. Investigates Chambers Development

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 4; Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 379 words

DATELINE: PITTSBURGH, Oct. 20


The Securities and Exchange Commission is investigating the Chambers Development
Company amid disclosures by the waste management company that it mistakenly
reported profits from 1989 to 1991.

Chambers said today that it lost money instead.

Chambers said the S.E.C. was inquiring into its financial statements and
accounting policies. The company said in March that the agency was looking into
whether some company employees had engaged in insider trading before the
restatements.

In March, Chambers was trading $31 a share on the American Stock Exchange and
drawing a big following on Wall Street. But the company restated its results
that month, wiping out 80 cents from an 83-cents-a-share profit. The stock fell
to $11. When Chambers said in April it would restate figures again, the stock
fell to $7. The second restatement released Tuesday showed that Chambers shares
lost $1.21 a share in 1991 -- more than $2 off its original report.

The company also restated figures from 1989 and 1990 on Tuesday, reporting it
was in the red those years, rather than profitable as originally reported.

"They had a good Wall Street following," said Judy Meehan, an analyst for Parker
Hunter in Pittsburgh. "It will take a long time to regain the credibility they
have had."

The changes announced Tuesday were:

--In 1991, the company lost $72 million instead of making $50 million;

--In 1990, it lost $41 million instead of making $34 million and lost 74 cents
per share instead of earning 63 cents per share; and

--In 1989, it lost $16 million instead of making $27 million, losing 32 cents
per share instead of earning 53 cents per share.

Chambers stock closed Tuesday at $6.25, down 75 cents.

Chambers officials say the original figures were provided by their original
auditors, Grant Thornton. Thornton said Chambers asked it to prepare statements
without proper backup, a charge the company denies.

The company, which laid off 102 workers in the spring and summer, also said
today that it received $50 million in new contracts for waste collection and
disposal. Ms. Meehan, the analyst, said she viewed that as a company pledge to
rebuild its worth.

"They're saying, 'Let's get the costs down and let's show some profitability
down the road," she said.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              780 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           February 5, 2015 Thursday

Fortalecimiento de la Gestión Integral de Residuos Sólidos en el municipio de
Las Charcas, mejorando la operación, transformación y comercialización
(Strengthening Comprehensive Solid Waste Management in the town of Las Charcas,
improving the operati

LENGTH: 128  words


Grantee: Association Clemente Melo
Country: Dominican republic
Area Of Work: Multifocal Area
Operational Phase: Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 19,428.57
Project Number: DOM / SGP / OP5Y4 / STAR / CH / 2014/14
Start Date: 4/2015
End Date: 9/2016
Strengthening Comprehensive Solid Waste Management in the town of Las Charcas,
improving the operation, processing and marketing.


Grantee Contact
Mr Hector Melo
Address
Estebanía and Las Charcas
Estebanía and The Char, Azua
Project completion date : 2016-09-30 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : Juan Sánchez Ramírez No. 32, Building research and graduate UASD
Santo Domingo

Country :Dominican Republic
Url : sgp.undp.org

Financier : Global Environment Facility Small Grants Programme (SGP),

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              781 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                           January 12, 2006 Thursday
                                 NORTH EDITION

Garbage complaints piling up

BYLINE: Jonathan Barnes

SECTION: METRO; Pg. N-5

LENGTH: 196 words


Some Ross residents are complaining that their garbage isn't being picked up by
the township's new garbage collector, Waste Management Inc.

Commissioner Grant Montgomery said at the board's meeting Monday that one person
told him his garbage hadn't been picked up in the past week, and Mr. Montgomery
said his garbage also hadn't been picked up.

Commissioner Daniel DeMarco said he had received several calls about poor
service.

Mr. Montgomery asked Ross Manager Tom Lavorini to check on the contract with the
company, which began collecting garbage in the township at the start of the
year.

"Right now, I'm just working on missed pickups," Mr. Lavorini said. He said
later that he did not know how many complaints had been received.

Solicitor Donald Gates is to have information about the contract by the board's
workshop meeting next week.

Commissioner Peter Ferraro said he has had problems contacting the company and a
letter should be sent to the company headquarters in Houston, Texas.

Commissioner David Mikec gave the new garbage hauler the benefit of the doubt.
"When we switched over to Vogel [Disposal Services Inc.] some years back, we
also had similar problems," he said.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Jonathan Barnes is a freelance writer.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              782 of 995 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            August 8, 2012 Wednesday

Earl Recycling Program To Expand;
Township Growth Means Plan Will Become Mandatory Next Year

BYLINE: Patrick Burns Correspondent

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 466  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


BY PATRICK BURNS

Correspondent

The Earl Township Board of Supervisors on Monday offered its initial
presentation of a mandatory recycling plan that is to begin April 1, 2013.

The township instituted a voluntary recycling program in 2002. However, changes
reflected in in the 2010 Census figures require all residents to recycle glass,
cans, plastics, paper, yard waste, appliances and tires.

Barbara Baker of Lancaster County Solid Waste Management Authority said a
"single-stream" recycling program would require residents to put all day-to-day
recyclables in one container that would be collected once a week. There will be
special provisions for tires, appliances, leaves and Christmas trees.

"This is just an introduction; the plan will come together in bits and pieces,"
Baker said.

Solicitor William Cassidy is to present a Municipal Solid Waste Management
ordinance at the board's Sept. 4 meeting.

The cost to residents, who will receive quarterly invoices, is expected to be
about $200 a year, Baker said. Board chairman Rick Kochel said no tax dollars
are earmarked for the program.

Township secretary-treasurer Brenda Becker has filed for start-up grant funding
from the state Department of Environmental Protection.

The board has five recycling program options from which to choose. The township
said it would offer a hybrid plan that would give residents the option to use
the recycling hauler chosen by the township or opt out in favor of hiring a
contractor from a list of approved haulers designated by the board.

The 1988 Waste Planning, Recycling and Waste Reduction Act mandates, through the
DEP, that any municipality with a population of 5,000 or more and a population
density of 300 people per square mile start curbside recycling. Earl Township
has 7,024 residents, Becker said.

Baker said Earl Township is one of four Lancaster County municipalities required
to initiate mandatory recycling because of changes shown in the 2010 census. The
others are Mount Joy, Rapho and East Donegal townships.

Resident Bob Winegardner asked the board whether the program would deter the
practice of burning of plastic and other recyclables in the township.

"How are we going to get our Amish friends to buy into" recycling, Winegardner
asked.

Baker said all residents would be billed even if they burn and that burning
fines could be included in the recycling ordinance.

"When it comes to burning there will be penalties that could be assessed to
someone who violates not only the ordinance but also state law regarding the
burning of refuse," Cassidy said.

Winegardner said that township residents have been burying and burning refuse
for "100 years or longer. How are we going to get them on the program?"

"Education, education, education," Kochel said.

For more Elanco area news, visit: MyElancoNews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              783 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 10, 2014 Friday

USPTO grants trade mark "WM WASTE MANAGEMENT" to Waste Management, Inc.
CORPORATION (TEXAS)

LENGTH: 59  words

DATELINE: Alexandria


Waste Management, Inc. CORPORATION (TEXAS), has been granted trademark (4618552)
titled as "WM WASTE MANAGEMENT" from the United States Patent and Trademark
Office.

Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 016. US 002 005 022 023 029 037 038 050. G & S: Garbage bags of
plastic; paper bags for use in recycling; paper bags for recycling. FIRST USE:
20140812.

Filing

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              784 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                   Kenly News

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 2, 2009

Middlesex water, sewer rates increase

BYLINE: Cami Jo Narron, News Editor

LENGTH: 483  words


The town of Middlesex sent out notices of water and sewer rate changes this past
week to its residents after the Town Board approved the changes at its Aug. 10
meeting. The board also approved the lone bid from Letco, Inc. of Wendell to
drilling well 5 in the amount of $25,750. The board approved purchasing $20,000
worth of garbage cans.

Residents could begin recycling in a few weeks, after the board discusses town
ordinances and policies on the subject. The board was told by Jim Hickman with
NC Division of Solid Waste that the town may order 400 blue recycle carts
imprinted with the town logo and recycle logo at a cost of $50 per cart, to be
paid for with grant funds. The grant would include purchasing a lift arm fitted
to the trash truck for emptying the carts. Elderly citizens not needing a cart
may receive a smaller blue bin. A Solid Waste Disposal Ban goes into effect on
October i mandating recycling.

The board unanimously approved purchasing the recycle bins and to purchase
96-gallon lidded garbage cans, approximately $20,000 worth, from the same vendor
supplying the recycling carts and to purchase a second lift arm to install on
the trash truck to lift the cans. The board felt the purchase would solve
current garbage problems. Grant monies would be used to cover as much of the
cost as possible.

During the past fiscal year the town's water fund lost $17,607 and the sewer
fund lost $139,622. After much discussion on how to bring town water and sewer
rates in line with surrounding towns of Kenly, Bailey, Spring Hope and Zebulon
as shown in a recent rate study the town board voted to discontinue the 2,000
gallon minimum water fee and charge residents only for water used.

The board voted unanimously to leave per gallon rates the same and increase the
water rate to an $8 flat accessibility fee per month. Water use fee remains at
$4 per 1,000 gallons used with no minimum. The sewer flat accessibility fee will
be $15 and use rates remain at $13 per 1,000 gallons with no minimum. Gallons
will be rounded to the nearest 1,000. Monthly sanitation rates will go up$l per
month to $12.75.

Only one bid in the amount of $24,750 was submitted to drill well 5 and the
board awarded Letco, Inc. the project, which was scheduled to begin Aug. 17. The
award amount of $25,750 includes a $1,000 contractor performance bond.

In other business the board noted that Phase 1 of the Wellness Park was 95
percent complete with picnic tables and benches to be installed once the walking
track is complete. The town's beautification committee will landscape and place
the benches.

The town will also be applying for stimulus fund 100 percent grants as they
become available. The grants would fund energy conservation including purchasing
windows, doors, heating and cooling systems and light fixtures for town hall
buildings, as well as converting street lights to more energy efficient lamps.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KNY

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                           Copyright 2009 Kenly News


                              785 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 19, 2014 Thursday

New Mexico: Santa Fe Solid Waste Management Agency

LENGTH: 151  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


Santa Fe County has issued the following event detail:

Santa Fe Solid Waste Management Agency

June 19, 2014 5:00 PM
Santa Fe County Administration Building, Legal Conference Room

Notice of Meeting

Santa Fe Solid Waste Management Agency

Thursday, June 19, 2014 at 5:00 p.m.

Santa Fe County Administration Building, Legal Conference Room, 102 Grant
Avenue, Santa Fe, NM.

Agendas will be available at least 72 hours before the meeting in the County
Manager's Office, the City Clerk's Office, and on the Agency's website at
www.sfswma.org. The meeting may constitute a quorum of the Board of County
Commissioners; however, no County business will be discussed.

Anyone who has questions regarding the meeting or requiring special
accommodations should contact Rosalie Cardenas at (505) 424-1850, extension 150.

Meeting Agenda, Documents, Packet Materials

For further information please visit: http://www.co.santa-fe.nm.us/

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              786 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             March 16, 2009 Monday

Pepin, Dunn counties cancel hazardous household waste cleanups

BYLINE: By Pamela Powers Eau Claire Leader-Telegram

SECTION: BREAKING; Wisconsin

LENGTH: 594 words


Two Chippewa Valley counties have canceled Clean Sweep programs this year after
the state Department of Agriculture, Trade and Consumer Protection froze grants
for the remainder of the budget cycle.

Dunn County canceled Clean Sweeps of hazardous household waste scheduled for May
and September. Pepin County canceled one scheduled for April.

The programs will continue this year, however, in Eau Claire and Chippewa
counties.

The Pepin County Solid Waste Committee recently decided to cancel the proposed
$18,000 event after learning the state would not be reimbursing the county for
up to 75 percent for its expenses, said Terry Mesch, Pepin County solid waste
coordinator.

Last fall, DATCP announced Clean Sweep Grant awards for 2009 to dozens of local
governments around the state. Pepin County was told its grant would be more than
$14,000. However, budget shortfalls forced the state to freeze funds in numerous
grant programs, including Clean Sweep.

"We are very disappointed in the state's decision to freeze Clean Sweep funds,"
Mesch stated. "This has been a popular and successful program with Pepin County
farmers and residents since we first started it back in the early 1990s.
However, we also recognize that everyone has to give a little during the
difficult budget times we are all facing."

Mesch reported that Gov. Jim Doyle's proposed budget for 2009-2011 contains a
provision that eliminates the Clean Sweep program. Mesch encouraged residents to
contact their legislators to express any concerns.

The Pepin County committee briefly discussed operating Clean Sweep without the
grants but decided to cancel it this year and take a wait-and-see approach until
the county knows what will happen to funding, Mesch said.

Pepin County is investigating options for people who want to safely dispose of
their unwanted chemicals and hazardous waste in an environmentally sound manner,
Mesch said. Private companies have contracted with the county in the past to
collect and properly dispose of the materials.

The nearest such company is in Eau Claire, but it does not accept the wastes on
a drop-in basis. Formal one-day events may be scheduled, but the cost for
disposal likely will be passed on to the residents.

The Dunn County solid waste and recycling coordinator couldn't be reached for
comment on its Clean Sweep programs being dropped this year.

Eau Claire County will run household Clean Sweep programs May 9, July 11, Sept.
12 and Nov. 14, said Eau Claire County Recycling Coordinator Jon Tulman. The
county operates the programs through a self-funded $1 special charge on the
recycling program.

Chippewa County still is planning Clean Sweeps of household hazardous wastes on
April 25 and tentatively on Oct. 3. Some items being accepted are varnish,
oil-based paint and pesticides.

For about 15 years Chippewa County has funded its own Clean Sweep. After getting
a grant this year and then having it frozen, the county decided to go ahead and
fund the program again, Chippewa County Recycling Coordinator Renee Yohnk said.

Not having Clean Sweep programs can be a detriment to the environment, she said.

"There are no options for people," she said. "They will hold on to (hazardous
waste items), and there are risks to having chemicals around."

Chemicals can be fire hazards or pose health risks, she said.

Some Clean Sweep items may be taken to a landfill, but that is not recommended,
Yohnk said. Even worse, people may decide to just dump the wastes in their
yards.

The two 2009 Clean Sweep programs cost Chippewa County a total of $22,000 to
$23,000, she noted.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              787 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 24, 2010 Friday

Recycling a focus of county plan for solid waste

BYLINE: Kevin Spradlin, Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 616 words


Sept. 24--CUMBERLAND -- Updates to Allegany County's Solid Waste Management Plan
emphasize reducing waste and reusing and recycling materials, with a hint of
higher landfill tipping fees to encourage compliance.

Future plans include the possible relocation of recycling dump sites across the
county to encourage higher levels of recycling of plastic, paper, aluminum and
cardboard, maintaining e-cycling and keeping a previously grant-funded annual
tire collection event but changing it to a fee basis. In addition, the county
might establish a licensing program for commercial haulers of solid waste and
recyclables. Fees would be assessed whether the material was hauled into or out
of Allegany County.

"The goal of a licensing program is to get an idea of what kind of entities are
collecting waste," said Brian McCormick, an engineer with the county's
Department of Public Works, in response to a question by Oldtown resident
Georgene McLaughlin.

McCormick spoke Thursday to the Allegany County Board of Commissioners during a
public hearing on the draft plan. Public comment will be accepted through Oct.
6. McCormick said he hopes the plan is adopted by the end of 2010.

McLaughlin asked whether individuals would be required to obtain a license.
McCormick said no.

Don Bohrer of Cumberland asked McCormick whether the county's compost site at
Mexico Farms could help residents load compost. McCormick said that could be
considered in the final version of the plan on a fee basis.

Recycling dump sites could be moved to new locations in order to be more secure,
McCormick said. The county also might install security cameras at those
locations, he said, in order to deter contamination, trash dumping and theft of
aluminum.

"When those cans walk away, that kind of hurts us," McCormick said.

Many of the recommendations came from the county's Solid Waste Management Board,
McCormick said. The board's 15 members are volunteers who meet once a month to
discuss solid waste management issues. Those meetings are open to the public.

Board member Woody Getz advocated a "pay to throw" approach that he said has
worked successfully in other places across the country and the world. The more
trash an individual takes to the landfill, Getz said, the more that individual
would have to pay.

A part of McCormick's pitch is to be amended into the existing plan from 2004,
and updated in 2007, next week. That's because House Bill 1290, passed during
the 2010 Maryland General Assembly's legislative session, requires jurisdictions
to include a public school recycling plan.

In Allegany County, McCormick said that means:

-- The Allegany County Board of Education will develop and implement a recycling
plan for its school system.

-- Allegany College of Maryland will develop and implement a recycling plan for
the Cumberland campus.

Existing recycling programs will collect additional material "as feasible,"
according to the plan. In both instances, Department of Public Works staff will
provide guidance and technical support.

McCormick said Thursday's hearing was the end of an eight-month planning
process. His presentation is available on Allegany County government's website
at www.gov.allconet.org.

Kevin Spradlin can be reached at kspradlin@times-news.com

To see more of the Cumberland Times News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.times-news.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Cumberland Times-News, Md.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100924-UM-Recycling-a-focus-of-county-plan-for-solid-waste
-0924-20100924

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2010 Cumberland Times-News


                              788 of 995 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                           December 12, 2009 Saturday

Dillerville Rail Yard Project Nets $3M Grant

BYLINE: Tim Mekeel

SECTION: B; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 499  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Business Editor

The Dillerville rail yard project stayed on track Friday, when PennDOT awarded
it a $3 million grant.

The new state dollars will not go toward relocating part of the Norfolk Southern
operation - the aspect of the project that's been controversial.

Rather, it will go toward upgrading the balance of the yard, a part of the
project that's drawn little if any citizen ire.

The section of the yard to be improved, not moved, stretches from the
Dillerville Road bridge to the Harrisburg Pike underpass.

It goes behind Burnham and the Lancaster County Solid Waste Management
Authority.

PennDOT's Erin Waters said the work will improve the yard's drainage, trestles,
retaining walls, power lines, rails, ties, switches and other features.

The PennDOT grant is being financed from its Rail Freight Assistance Program and
its Rail Freight Capital Budget.

The remodeling work also will be financed in part by a $4 million grant approved
by the Federal Railroad Administration in September, Keith Orris, F&M's vice
president for administrative services, said.

"We're incredibly grateful to the commonwealth and the federal government," he
said, adding later that "had these not come to pass, it would have created some
significant hurdles for us."

Orris said the project was picked for the two grants by a competitive process.

Other major government grants for the $46 million venture include $10 million
from the state Redevelopment Capital Assistance Program and $4 million in
federal air-quality funding.

"These are existing programs. We've applied for public dollars that have been
designated for exactly what we're doing," Orris said.

Not all the project's financial freight is being carried by taxpayers.

F&M and Lancaster General are contributing $6 million each; Norfolk Southern is
paying $2 million.

The Dillerville Yard project is a four-step venture.

The first step, completed this fall, involved removing a former dump behind
F&M's Baker Campus and the Lancaster post office.

The second step - constructing a new yard at that site for the activities now
along Harrisburg Avenue - could start in 30 to 45 days and take up to a year.

The third step - upgrading the balance of the existing yard - will then get
under way. This, too, will take about a year.

These three steps, Orris said, will give Norfolk Southern substantially more
capacity locally, allowing it to meet currently unfilled demand for rail service
from local businesses.

In the fourth step, the vacated Harrisburg Avenue property will be remediated.
Streets on its north and south sides will be connected. This work is due to be
completed in late 2012.

Then the college and the health system are looking to expand there, in what's
called an "Eds & Meds" development. This development will include the former
Armstrong floor plant tract next door.

Also receiving funding Friday was Lancaster Propane, which got $250,000 toward a
$357,000 upgrade. Work will include installing 1,300 feet of new track and a new
turnout.

tmekeel@lnpnews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              789 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             April 7, 2011 Thursday

Probe 10,000 cr civic solid waste mgmt scam: Cong

BYLINE: Prafulla Marpakwar

SECTION: MUMBAI

LENGTH: 357 words


MUMBAI: Senior Congress leader Baba Siddique on Tuesday urged chief minister
Prithviraj Chavan to set up a high-level special investigation team to probe
into a Rs 10,000 crore municipal solid waste scam involving politicians and
civic officials.

"It's a fraud on the public exchequer. The manner in which the Brihanmumbai
Municipal Corporation (BMC) has granted contracts for management of solid waste
will result in a loss of Rs 10,000 crore. It must be probed by a team led by a
senior Indian Police Service officer," Siddique told the legislative assembly
during a debate on budgetary proposals of the urban development department .

Siddique disclosed that the BMC would suffer a loss of Rs 4,500 crore for
disposal of solid wastes at the Deonar dumping ground, Rs 4,500 crore for Kanjur
Marg and another Rs 1,000 crore at the Mulund dumping ground.

"At all these sites, the BMC will pay a tipping fee to the agency, which has
been awarded the contract for management and disposal of waste in accordance
with municipal solid wastes rules. Nowhere in India does a corporation grant a
tipping fee to an agency, which has been awarded the contract," Siddique said.

Launching an attack on the Shiv Sena-Bharatiya Janata Party alliance controlled
BMC, Siddique said initially proposals for solid waste management on payment of
a tipping fee were rejected by the standing committee in May, 2009. In July
2009, the proposal was resubmitted to the standing committee and was approved .

"The manner in which initially the proposal was rejected and later approved by
the same standing committee must be probed at a higher level ," he said.

Siddique said initially it was proposed to pay Rs 40 per metric ton (MT) but
later it was enhanced to Rs 151. When the contract was awarded, the standing
committee approved Rs 515 per MT for Kanjur Marg, Rs 550 for Deonar and Rs 525
for Mulund.

Siddique had first raised the issue of fraud in solid waste management in
October 2010, when Ashok Chavan was chief minister. On December 7, 2010, he took
it up with his successor, Prithviraj Chavan, but no the contract was not
revoked.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              790 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                   Globes [online] - Israel's Business Arena

                             March 14, 2011 Monday

EER CEO earns NIS 4m despite accumulated loss of NIS 164m;
Part of a loan granted to Moshe Stern was converted into a grant

BYLINE: Avi Shauly

LENGTH: 342 words


With no revenue and NIS 164 million in accumulated losses since solid waste
treatment solutions developer Environmental Energy Resources Ltd. (EER) was
founded (most of the loss was generated in the past three years) the company has
forgiven part of a loan - NIS 1.46 million - extended to founder and CEO Moshe
Stern.

EER posted a loss of NIS 30 million in 2010, after loosing NIS 29 million in
2009. The company's cash flow from operations was negative NIS 12 million in
2010.

Stern's salary cost in 2010 was NIS 4.17 million. In addition to converting part
of his loan into a grant, his salary cost includes NIS 1 million in management
fees, and stock-based compensation of NIS 1.64 million. The outstanding loan was
NIS 1.74 million at the end of 2010.

EER said, "Conversion of the loan was an additional incentive for Stern to
continue to contribute to the company and prevent his departure, which is liable
to harm operations at a stage when success largely depends on him."

Stern and Shrem Fudim Group Ltd. (TASE: SFG) founded EER in March 2000. The
company's sold thermal treatment technology for solid waste is called PGM.

EER is a private company. Information is published by its parent company
Greenstone Industries Ltd. (TASE: GRTN), a subsidiary of Leader Holdings and
Investments Ltd. (TASE: LDER), control of which passed from Shrem to Dan David's
ATE Technology Equipment BV as part of a debt settlement. Greenstone owns 21% of
EER.

Since it was founded, EER has been linked to upbeat announcements about
offerings and huge deals, which have never materialized. The company is still
bereft of income from its operations.

EER's liabilities totaled NIS 51 million at the end of 2010. The company has
mostly financed its operations to date with capital injections from its owners.
Greenstone made a capital injection of $500,000 into the company early this
year, and guaranteed part of EER's bank debt.

Published by Globes [online], Israel business news - www.globes-online.com - on
March 14, 2011

© Copyright of Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd. 2011

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              791 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            August 10, 2012, Friday

Ethics complaint says official using post for own benefit Waste Authority worker
also lobbyist for for-profit recycler in Nitro, state director of association

BYLINE: PAUL FALLON, DAILY MAIL STAFF

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. P1A

LENGTH: 1181 words


An ethics complaint was filed against a member of the Kanawha County Solid Waste
Authority alleging he is making policy decisions that benefit him financially.

Nicholas County Solid Waste Authority Executive Director Larry Bradford filed
the complaint Thursday morning against Greg Sayre.

Sayre is the state Department of Environmental Protection's appointee to the
Kanawha County Solid Waste Authority.

Sayre is also a registered lobbyist whose clients include West Virginia Cashin
Recyclables, a for-profit recycler in Nitro. He is also the executive director
of the state Association of Waste Haulers and Recyclers.

The association is a lobbying firm that advocates for issues dealing with
for-profit waste haulers and recyclers in the state.

"I feel it's a definite conflict of interest for him to be sitting on the
Kanawha County Solid Waste Authority board," Bradford said.

Sayre said he has never used his position to his personal benefit or that of his
clients.

"I try to do a good job for the Solid Waste Authority," Sayre said.

Bradford filed the complaint because, "We know what Kanawha County is getting
ready to go through."

The Nicholas County Solid Waste Authority also ran into an ethics issue
regarding a board member who was the owner of a for-profit waste hauler; Board
member Joe Young is also the owner of Nicholas Sanitation.

The Nicholas County Solid Waste Authority filed an ethics complaint concerning
the situation with Young, who is also a member of the state Association of Waste
Haulers and Recyclers.

The Ethics Commission ruled Young couldn't vote on anything he would have a
financial interest in, Bradford said.

Young is not only prohibited from voting on an issue, he is also required to
leave the room when such issues are discussed.

"And actually Mr. Sayre is more conflicted than Joe because he represents all of
the waste haulers," Bradford said.

Retaliation?

Sayre said he has been trying to dig up information on activities with the
Nicholas County board. He thinks that's one reason Bradford filed the complaint.

Sayre said the complaint could also be retaliation because he has questioned why
Bradford hired his brother and son to work at the Nicholas County agency.
Bradford denied the allegations and said he wasn't the one who hired his
relatives.

"The Solid Waste Management board hired them," he said.

He said the filing of an ethics complaint proves nothing about his conduct.

"Just because an ethics complaint has been filed doesn't mean I'll be
investigated or I did anything wrong," he said.

The Kanawha County Solid Waste Authority has been hemorrhaging money since it
closed its recycling center last March. Board members have been discussing
whether they should begin working with privately owned recyclers.

Bradford claims Sayre is using his position on the board to push for the
privatization of recycling in Kanawha County. This would benefit both WV Cashin
and the haulers association.

"Both of these companies and their members potentially stand to gain if the
KCSWA board decides to turn their recycling operations over to private companies
for collection," the ethics complaint reads.

The authority has not yet made any decisions to privatize the collection of
recycling, Sayre said. He would not vote on any motion on the matter. However,
he admitted to being involved in the discussions.

"But if I need to stop discussing that, then that's fine," he said.

Kanawha County Solid Waste Authority chairwoman Kay Summers believes Sayre has
provided valuable expertise to the board. She also pointed out that the board
members are well aware of Sayre's professional connections.

"He has not directed us to take any business toward his clients at all," Summers
said.

Sayre and Summers have also discussed conflict-of-interest issues in the past
and she closely monitors the meetings to ensure he is not using his position to
steer business to his clients, she said.

"I think Greg would have a lot of opportunities to sway someone on the board if
he wasn't closely monitored," she said. "I know in the past when we've talked
about his employers, he has recused himself and not voted."

Summers said she is not qualified to comment on whether Sayre's mere presence on
the board is an ethics violation.

Kanawha County Solid Waste Authority Executive Director Norm Steenstra, who
resigned from this position effective Sept. 26, would not comment on the
situation.

"It's totally inappropriate for me to comment on a board member," Steenstra
said.

Alleged influence

In the ethics complaint, Bradford also alleged that Sayre is using positions he
holds in the private sector to influence the state Solid Waste Management Board.

The complaint alleges two of Sayre's friends, Paul Hayes and Phil Mann, who are
employed by the state board, are also members of another organization Sayre
founded - the West Virginia Recycling Coalition.

Sayre denied the allegations.

"I have known Mr. Hays and Mr. Mann for many years," Sayre said. "We're on a
nonprofit together."

He said he has never used this relationship to influence any decisions by the
state board. In fact, neither Hays nor Mann work in a department that could
perform any favors for Sayre, he said.

Hays is an administrative assistant with the state agency and Mann works with
grants.

"And we're not eligible for any grants," Sayre said about his clients.

Mark Holstine, executive director of the state agency, also denies that Sayre
wields any undo influence. Holstine declined to comment on the specific ethics
complaint.

State Department of Environmental Protection spokesman Tom Aluise also would not
comment.

"The Ethics Commission hasn't issued a ruling on that yet, so we have no
comment," Aluise said.

The DEP is required by law to appoint one member to each solid waste board in
the state, Aluise said.

"They don't represent the DEP and they don't report to us," he said.

Advocate weighs in

Gary Zuckett, executive director of West Virginia Citizen Action, a consumer
advocacy group, also believes Sayre's position raises ethics questions.

"To me, it seems like a conflict of interest plain and simple," Zuckett said. "I
think it's appropriate for the Ethics Commission to take a look at this."

The group was one of the first supporters of the creation of the Ethics
Commission in the late 1980s, Zuckett said.

Zuckett said Sayre would benefit if the recycling program were privatized.

Ethics Commission Director Theresa Kirk could not comment on the complaint or
even confirm her office had received it.

Complaints are referred to a Probable Cause Review Board, which will determine
if the complaint states a legitimate claim.

If the claim is legitimate, the review board issues a notice of investigation.

"If there is probable cause, then it is referred to a public hearing," Kirk
said.

An examiner conducts the hearing and issues a recommendation to the full Ethics
Commission, which is made up of nine individuals. The full Ethics Commission
makes the final decision.

Rulings are subject to appeal in circuit court.

Contact writer Paul Fallon at paul.fallon@dailymail.com or 304-348-4817. Follow
him at www.twitter.com/PaulBFallon.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers


                              792 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 22, 2015 Wednesday

Tennessee: TDEC announces 2025 Solid Waste and Materials Management Plan

LENGTH: 805  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation (TDEC) announced today
its 2025 Solid Waste and Materials Management Plan at the 2015 Environmental
Show of the South in Gatlinburg, Tenn.

"The plan marks a new era in sustainable materials management in Tennessee,
serving as a roadmap for Tennessee solid waste stakeholders," TDEC Commissioner
Bob Martineau said. "It will help establish a comprehensive statewide solid
waste management system that continues to protect public health and safety and
enhance the quality of the environment, but with extra focus on sustainability
and recycling."

While the 1991 Solid Waste Management Plan's focus was on ensuring adequate
collection infrastructure and disposal capacity, the 2015-2025 plan embraces the
concept of sustainable materials management, which incorporates several themes,
including:

Many materials at the end of their useful life still have value, and as such can
and should be recovered;
    Decisions about sustainable materials management do not just occur at the
end of a product's useful life, but also when a purchasing decision is made;
    The waste management hierarchy establishes a preferred approach to managing
materials (reuse, then recovery, processing with energy recovery, incineration
without energy recovery, and disposal), but acknowledges that other factors also
come into play in making a decision regarding how a material will be managed,
including transportation costs and environmental impacts, the use of multiple
methods for managing waste, costs, and other factors; and,
    To the extent that Tennessee manufacturers can use recovered materials from
within the state as a feedstock, Tennessee businesses will be able to keep the
economic benefits of recycling activity in Tennessee. Recycling is not just
beneficial to Tennessee's environment, but is also beneficial to the economy.

The plan seeks to fulfill the policy statements of the Solid Waste Management
Act of 1991 through working diligently and closely with stakeholders to
accomplish environmentally sound solid waste collection, treatment and disposal
through source reduction, reuse, recycling, composting and other methods.
Further, the vision is to promote Tennessee end markets for material processing
and end use.

The plan's objectives are as follows:

Objective 1: Update Goals and Measure Progress - establish more robust solid
waste management goals, to more accurately measure the disposition of municipal
solid waste in Tennessee, and to better assess progress toward achieving those
goals.

Objective 2: Increase Access to and Participation in Recycling - expand the
breadth of recycling making sure access to convenient recycling programs is
available to all Tennesseans, as well as expanding participation in recycling
programs.

Objective 3: Enhance Processing and End Markets - facilitate closing the
materials processing gaps and increasing the opportunities for end uses of
recovered materials in Tennessee, in an effort to incentivize increased
diversion and simultaneously strengthen the state's economy.

Objective 4: Increase Diversion of Organics - encourage the reuse, composting,
and beneficial use of organics, as well as implement source reduction efforts,
to decrease the disposal of these materials.

Objective 5: Support New Diversion Technology - support the adoption of new
technologies in the state, as appropriate, that will help Tennessee move closer
to reaching its waste diversion and recycling goals.

Objective 6: Expand and Focus Education and Outreach - improve education and
outreach in Tennessee regarding the opportunities for source reduction,
recycling, and composting, and the benefits of these activities relative to
disposal.

Objective 7: Ensure Sufficient and Environmentally Sound Disposal - monitor MSW
disposal capacity to be sure it is sufficient, and ensure that disposal
facilities are maintained in an environmentally sound manner.

Objective 8: Develop Sustainable Funding Sources for Sustainable Materials
Management - ensure that state and local governments have sustainable funding
sources in place to develop and support programs to manage municipal solid waste
and materials.

TDEC will accomplish the stated objectives using several strategies and tactics,
including providing technical assistance to local governments, seeking
public/private partnerships, developing partnerships with other agencies and
organizations, leveraging existing programs more fully, and providing grants to
local governments.

To accomplish these objectives, TDEC will rely on the engagement of the many
stakeholder groups listed throughout the plan and the implementation tables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              793 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                           November 4, 2015 Wednesday

UNIDO delegation calls on Mayor Alok Sharma

LENGTH: 353 words

DATELINE: Bhopal


Bhopal, Nov. 4 -- A delegation of the United Nations Industrial Development
Organisation (UNIDO) called on Mayor Alok Sharma here on Tuesday and held
discussions over better system for solid waste management, lake conservation,
environment conservation, energy from waste and other type of products. Bhopal
Municipal Corporation (BMC) Commissioner Tejaswi S Naik was also present on the
occasion.

Naik during the discussions with the UNIDO delegation provided information about
the current solid waste management in the city and the works to be done in
future for this besides make them aware about the environment and lake
conservation and various public utility facilities through power point
presentation.

Seems like the solid waste management projects could receive a major boost in
the city with UNIDO representative's meeting with the BMC Commissioner. UNIDO
experts offer tailor-made solutions for the sustainable development.

The visit by UNIDO officials comes in the backdrop of Bhopal along with
Vijayawada-Guntur, Mysore, Jaipur having been chosen by Union Government to be
developed as 'sustainable smart city'. Unconfirmed reports suggest that GEF-6,
assistance is an estimated 13.5 million dollars. Under GEF-5, Bhopal received
assistance for BRTS depot.

The team took part in a basic review of projects on solid waste management, lake
conservation, environmental protection and power generation from garbage.
Tonilyn Lim, Industrial Development Officer (Energy and Climate Change Branch,
UNIDO participated in the meeting.

BMC officials have already indicated that they are inclined to UNIDO assistant
in process of solid waste management that would eventually lower the carbon
footprint of the city. GEF extends grants to developing countries and countries
with economies in transition for projects related to biodiversity, climate
change, chemicals, international waters, land degradation, and ozone-layer
depletion.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              794 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Kawartha Lakes This Week

                           August 17, 2011 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Council approves new recycling transfer facility in Lindsay

BYLINE: By Mary Riley

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 609  words


(KAWARTHA LAKES) Ward 13 Councillor Pat Warren was elated when City of Kawartha
Lakes council approved moving forward with a new waste transfer station to boost
recycling efforts.

Currently, the existing station at the Lindsay/Ops landfill is at capacity. A
staff report notes the City loses about $25,000 per year because of time delays
associated with limited space and backlogging; delays that will only get worse
if the city's population and recyclables diversion increase.

The report notes that if the City implements a weekly two-stream recycling
system, as recommended in the Master Plan, the existing facility will be even
more stressed.

But, the good news is there is an opportunity for funding of almost 50 per cent
of the cost of a new building. The grant would be up to $432,732 with the City
covering the balance of $574,998 in next year's solid waste services capital
budget. Currently, there are no other transfer facilities for residential
recyclables.

Staff asked council to approve the new station, based on several recommendations
from the City's Waste Management Committee.

Ward 1 Councillor John Macklem moved the request be "deleted from the agenda";
adding, "don't pay the consultants." He couldn't see spending almost $1 million
on the facility; government funding or not.

That prompted a sharp retort from Coun. Warren about "throwing away almost
$500,000 in government funding."

Obviously referencing the City's recent award of a waste collection contract to
a new company that could cost taxpayers $2.3 million over the next several
years, she said, "I guess some councillors don't have problems throwing money
away on waste."

Coun. Warren said the station is needed; and that if it diverts recyclables from
landfills, it's a "win-win" situation. The possible acceptance of material from
other municipalities, she said, could turn it "into a pilot project."

"A pilot project with no airplane," grumbled Coun. Macklem.

Mayor Ric McGee expressed his disappointment in the consultants'' study, which
he said was "piecemeal; a disjointed approach." He said the City needs "a
comprehensive waste management strategy."

David Kerr, manager of environmental services, noted such grant money may not
always be available. "The funding could decrease in the coming years." His
report also noted the operating costs for the new facility would be minimal - no
heating costs, and existing staff and equipment would be utilized as the
building would be next to the current one.

Coun. Warren said she found the consultants' report "very good."

"There aren't that many ways to reduce waste," she said. "There are very smart
reasons to do this...it would be foolhardy to pass up [a grant]."

While Coun. Macklem's motion was lost, Ward 7 Coun. Brian Junkin supported Coun.
Warren, and moved the City proceed with staff's request.

"The City needs to do a lot more to capture its recyclables," he said.

Ward 15 Coun. Gerald McGregor did not support him, saying the City has "big
infrastructure problems...and we're talking about $500,000 for a building to put
garbage in."

He said the consultants used "information from people who are no longer with us"
to prepare the report. Ward 14 Coun. Ron Ashmore didn't support the motion
either, saying the City's residents "are already recycling, they're doing all
the work."

But, in the end, Coun. Junkin prevailed saying that in the end, the City "can't
afford to keep filling our landfills with recyclables."

The project will be initiated later this year as part of the 2012 Solid Waste
Services capital budget. Staff will also research the possibility of increasing
Institutional, Commercial and Industrial (IC&I) recyclables.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              795 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Kawartha Lakes This Week

                           August 17, 2011 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Council approves new recycling transfer facility in Lindsay

BYLINE: By Mary Riley

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 609  words


(KAWARTHA LAKES) Ward 13 Councillor Pat Warren was elated when City of Kawartha
Lakes council approved moving forward with a new waste transfer station to boost
recycling efforts.

Currently, the existing station at the Lindsay/Ops landfill is at capacity. A
staff report notes the City loses about $25,000 per year because of time delays
associated with limited space and backlogging; delays that will only get worse
if the city's population and recyclables diversion increase.

The report notes that if the City implements a weekly two-stream recycling
system, as recommended in the Master Plan, the existing facility will be even
more stressed.

But, the good news is there is an opportunity for funding of almost 50 per cent
of the cost of a new building. The grant would be up to $432,732 with the City
covering the balance of $574,998 in next year's solid waste services capital
budget. Currently, there are no other transfer facilities for residential
recyclables.

Staff asked council to approve the new station, based on several recommendations
from the City's Waste Management Committee.

Ward 1 Councillor John Macklem moved the request be "deleted from the agenda";
adding, "don't pay the consultants." He couldn't see spending almost $1 million
on the facility; government funding or not.

That prompted a sharp retort from Coun. Warren about "throwing away almost
$500,000 in government funding."

Obviously referencing the City's recent award of a waste collection contract to
a new company that could cost taxpayers $2.3 million over the next several
years, she said, "I guess some councillors don't have problems throwing money
away on waste."

Coun. Warren said the station is needed; and that if it diverts recyclables from
landfills, it's a "win-win" situation. The possible acceptance of material from
other municipalities, she said, could turn it "into a pilot project."

"A pilot project with no airplane," grumbled Coun. Macklem.

Mayor Ric McGee expressed his disappointment in the consultants'' study, which
he said was "piecemeal; a disjointed approach." He said the City needs "a
comprehensive waste management strategy."

David Kerr, manager of environmental services, noted such grant money may not
always be available. "The funding could decrease in the coming years." His
report also noted the operating costs for the new facility would be minimal - no
heating costs, and existing staff and equipment would be utilized as the
building would be next to the current one.

Coun. Warren said she found the consultants' report "very good."

"There aren't that many ways to reduce waste," she said. "There are very smart
reasons to do this...it would be foolhardy to pass up [a grant]."

While Coun. Macklem's motion was lost, Ward 7 Coun. Brian Junkin supported Coun.
Warren, and moved the City proceed with staff's request.

"The City needs to do a lot more to capture its recyclables," he said.

Ward 15 Coun. Gerald McGregor did not support him, saying the City has "big
infrastructure problems...and we're talking about $500,000 for a building to put
garbage in."

He said the consultants used "information from people who are no longer with us"
to prepare the report. Ward 14 Coun. Ron Ashmore didn't support the motion
either, saying the City's residents "are already recycling, they're doing all
the work."

But, in the end, Coun. Junkin prevailed saying that in the end, the City "can't
afford to keep filling our landfills with recyclables."

The project will be initiated later this year as part of the 2012 Solid Waste
Services capital budget. Staff will also research the possibility of increasing
Institutional, Commercial and Industrial (IC&I) recyclables.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              796 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                   Azer News

                             July 12, 2016 Tuesday

EBRD assists in improving waste management in Georgia

LENGTH: 478  words


The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development is providing a pound 10
million sovereign loan to Georgia to be on-lent to Municipal Development Fund
(MDF) to improve solid waste management throughout 64 municipalities including
remote areas of the country.

The funds will be used to purchase approximately 140 new solid waste collection
vehicles and approximately 7,000 containers, according to the bank.

The EBRD loan is supported by an investment grant of pound 2 million provided by
the EBRD Shareholder Special Fund (SSF) in recognition of the substantial
environmental and social improvements within the frames of the project.

Preparatory technical assistance for the investment has also been provided by
the SSF while a post-signing stakeholder participation programme and assistance
to develop and implement municipal waste management plans and environmental and
social action plans will be financed by an international donor.

This project is a significant step forward in the implementation of the Georgian
government's plans to modernise and upgrade the country's waste management
system to European Union (EU) standards, as well as working to improve the
environment. This investment will upgrade the waste services in the country and
produce significant environmental and public health benefits.

The loan agreement was signed today by Nodar Khaduri, the Minister of Finance of
Georgia, and Bruno Balvanera, EBRD Director for Caucasus, Moldova and Belarus.

'I am very happy to sign this agreement which marks another important successful
cooperation in the municipal infrastructure sector in Georgia,' said Mr
Balvanera. 'The project confirms the EBRD's commitment to supporting government
plans for the modernisation and upgrading of Georgia's waste management system
to European standards. This will bring substantial benefits to the residents of
Georgia and the country's environment. Creating better public awareness of the
benefits of sustainable solid waste services is an integral part of the project
and we will continue working on a better and healthier environment.'

Georgia has committed to improve solid waste management throughout the country
in line with the EU Association Agreement. There are already EU-compliant
regional landfills in Georgia and the new equipment will ensure that solid waste
is disposed at these landfills.

The EBRD is a leading institutional investor in Georgia. Since the start of its
operations in the country, the Bank has invested over pound 2.73 billion in 195
projects in the financial, corporate, infrastructure and energy sectors, with 91
per cent of these investments in the private sector.

The EBRD's strategic plan for the countries where it invests, including Georgia,
for the period 2016-18 has three priorities: strengthening economic resilience,
addressing global challenges and supporting regional integration.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Azer News Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              797 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                      Long Island Business News (New York)

                          December 19, 2012 Wednesday

Cleaning waste becoming big business on Long Island

BYLINE: Gregory Zeller

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1354  words


Hurricane Sandy will not be remembered in a positive light, but among its few
silver linings is this: The superstorm has confirmed that wastewater and
solid-waste treatment will be a job-creating economic driver on Long Island for
the next decade and beyond.

The October tempest revealed massive infrastructural shortcomings along the
Eastern Seaboard, from low-lying waterfronts at the mercy of surging seas to
entire power grids helpless before hurricane winds. On Long Island, a spotlight
now shines on inadequate drinking water protection and waste management
protocols; aside from creating immediate post-storm challenges, the storm
revealed a dire need for long-term solutions.

There's plenty of bad news, starting with the thousands of tons of waste carted
off Long Island daily by truck and train and the scheduled 2027 closing of the
Brookhaven Landfill, one of the Island's few solid-waste repositories. The good
news, according to some insiders, is that solid waste and wastewater management
is a regional industry that's poised to explode. Economic opportunities "Waste
management creates jobs - recycling positions, technology, engineering,
monitoring and more," said Adrienne Esposito, executive director of the
Farmingdale-based Citizens Campaign for the Environment.

That's part of the thinking as corporate and government sectors discuss and
debate Long Island's waste management needs and how the Island might benefit
from them economically. For instance, the Island's wastewater infrastructure was
a hot topic at last month's Vision Long Island Smart Growth Summit, where union
leaders and environmentalists discussed "some of our failing infrastructure
systems (and) new wastewater treatment technologies," according to Vision Long
Island Executive Director Eric Alexander.

The heart of the discussions, Alexander noted, was that Sandy revealed both a
desperate need and a rich opportunity.

"Basically, the consensus was that Hurricane Sandy provides an opportunity to
upgrade existing plants ... and expand service to new areas to promote downtown
growth using upgraded technology," Alexander said. "Financing mechanisms
(mentioned in the discussions) included an increased public commitment for
sewers from the state and federal levels, potential state pension fund
investments and private sources. "

Panelists discussed ideas like developers financing infrastructure improvements
in return for density bonuses, but that's putting the cart slightly ahead of the
horse. The point is that wastewater management is on the minds of corporate and
government powers in charge of shaping Long Island's future - and also those
managing its present.

Electrocoagulation - a "green" technology that treats wastewater using
electricity, not chemicals - has been successfully employed for decades at mines
and waste treatment facilities in Texas, Colorado and California, among other
places, and is now the main focus of Advanced Waste & Water Technology in
Farmingdale. The science involves electrodes and hydrogen molecule compounds,
but the nutshell is that electrocoagulation separates contaminants and clean
water with 99 percent effectiveness and no environmental side effects, according
to company President Patricia Els.

Advanced Waste & Water Technology, which formed about a year ago, holds patents
on certain plating materials used in the electrocoagulation process and boasts
mobile EC systems - including a tractor-trailer-sized unit that travels from
site to site and can remediate a half-million gallons of tainted water per day,
Els noted.

That could be useful not only in addressing Long Island's wastewater needs but
also statewide needs as Albany makes critical decisions on "fracking," or
hydraulic fracturing - basically, using water to open and maintain wells for
oil, gas and other natural resources.

Els said there are several wastewater concerns in the fracking industry. It can
take millions of gallons of water to create a single fracking well, she noted,
and that water is then contaminated by a particular site's unique chemistry. To
reuse it for another well, the water has to be cleaned, which could mean
"trucking it through cities and towns" to and from a treatment facility. On-site
options, like the one offered by Advanced Waste & Water Technology, obviates the
need for this.

Even before Albany makes a decision on the hot-button fracking issue - likely to
happen in 2013, though "we were hoping they would've made it already," Els noted
- electrocoagulation would seem promising as an option for Long Island's
long-term wastewater concerns. But it's unclear how that might play out - even
post-Sandy problems with potable water supplies didn't drum up extra business,
Els noted, even though her company contacted the Federal Emergency Management
Agency and officials in both Nassau and Suffolk.

"As of yet, we have not heard anything about utilizing this EC system (to help
with the Sandy cleanup)," she said.

But Els expects business to increase as the "global effort to see how we can
conserve the most delicate asset we have, which is water," continues to gain
steam.

"We need as a community here on Long Island to ... see what we can do as a whole
to keep water treatment as a priority," Els said.

Solid considerations For the moment, it appears Long Island's top waste
treatment priority is dealing with the solid waste left in Sandy's wake.
Esposito expressed particular concern with FEMA's ongoing strategy of burning
hurricane debris at the Brookhaven Landfill, where, according to the CCE exec,
as much as 5,000 yards of storm-related waste is being incinerated daily.

"The burning of debris at Brookhaven Landfill is totally unacceptable," Esposito
said. "We have received numerous calls from community members who are concerned
about the ash falling around them and health concerns with breathing it. "

Operations at the Brookhaven Landfill are also on the mind of Fran Reid, the
chief sustainability officer for the Town of North Hempstead. Reid is overseeing
an $800,000 New York State Energy Research and Development Authority grant to
study long-term, Islandwide sustainability options - one of seven regional
grants NYSERDA doled out in June as part of a Cleaner Greener Communities
initiative that will ultimately award $90 million over three years to fund the
state's best sustainability plans.

North Hempstead partnered with the Sustainability Institute at Molloy College,
Vision Long Island and other public and private entities on the grant
application and is serving as the lead Long Island agency. With subcommittees
including waste management, water management and economic development/housing
already calculating the Island's future waste management needs, Brookhaven
Landfill's operations were a priority long before Sandy struck, Reid noted.

But landfill operations are especially worrisome after Sandy, she added. "I
don't think in any aspect of our lives we can continue saying something like '
... except if a major storm hits,'" Reid said. "I think we need to be prepared
for that. I'm not someone who is hysterical by any means, but I think we need to
address every aspect, including whether a storm hits us. "

Just trying to calculate the amount of solid waste left in Sandy's wake is
numbing (Reid cited 20,000 tons of downed trees ground up through Dec. 11 - just
trees, in North Hempstead alone). So what was already a serious concern before
has now been supersized by the superstorm, making the research done by Reid's
consortium extra sensitive.

But this could all be promising news, in a way, for entrepreneurs and innovators
who come up with greener waste management alternatives. Esposito, for one, is
watching closely to see what Reid's researchers and private industry will do
next.

"Long Island needs a solid-waste management plan but, as of yet, doesn't seem
ready to tackle this important problem," she said. "Most of the waste taken at
[Brookhaven] Landfill is ash from incinerators and (construction and demolition)
debris. Therefore, a big question is, What do we do with the ash? Long Island
needs an answer. "

© 2012 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              798 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                          February 15, 2017 Wednesday

USPTO grants trade mark "WASTECON" to Solid Waste Association of North America,
Inc. CORPORATION (California)

LENGTH: 114 words

DATELINE: New York


Alexandria: Solid Waste Association of North America, Inc. CORPORATION
(California), has been granted trademark (5140557) titled as "WASTECON" from the
United States Patent and Trademark Office.



Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 035. US 100 101 102. G & S: Arranging and conducting trade shows,
business conventions and expositions in the field of solid waste management for
facility and system managers, vendors, and service providers; organizing live
exhibitions in the field of solid waste management for commercial and
advertising purposes. FIRST USE: 19940803. FIRST USE IN COMMERCE: 19940803

Filing Date: June 15, 2016

Date of registration: 14-02-2017

First Use in Commerce: 03-08-1994


LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              799 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                          February 15, 2017 Wednesday

USPTO grants trade mark "SWANAPALOOZA" to Solid Waste Association of North
America, Inc. CORPORATION (California)

LENGTH: 113 words

DATELINE: New York


Alexandria: Solid Waste Association of North America, Inc. CORPORATION
(California), has been granted trademark (5140556) titled as "SWANAPALOOZA" from
the United States Patent and Trademark Office.



Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 035. US 100 101 102. G & S: Arranging and conducting trade shows,
business conventions and expositions in the field of solid waste management for
facility and system managers, vendors, and service providers; organizing live
exhibitions in the field of solid waste management for commercial and
advertising purposes. FIRST USE: 20140400. FIRST USE IN COMMERCE: 20140400

Filing Date: June 15, 2016

Date of registration: 14-02-2017

First Use in Commerce: 2014


LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              800 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                   West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 17, 2012 Monday

Grant puts wheels under Renville-Redwood counties recycling project

BYLINE: Tom Cherveny, West Central Tribune, Willmar, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 557 words


Sept. 17--"We're finally going to get some wheels under the project and we're
ready to go,'' said Jon Mitchell, environmental director for Redwood County.

His enthusiasm was shared by Marlin Larson, public works director in Renville
County. "They're one of the best, shining stars in the state as far as recycling
goes,'' he said of Redwood County. "We're excited to be partnered with them.''

Renville County sees the joint recycling and transfer station as an opportunity
to extend the life of its landfill, and as part of a long-term solution to solid
waste management, Larson explained.

The grant monies will be applied toward an estimated $4.5 million project to
build a recycling facility and transfer station on the west side of Redwood
Falls, which is the geographic center of the two counties.

The recycling center will replace an undersized and admittedly substandard
facility now serving Redwood County.

The project is projected to create approximately 20 construction jobs, eight
full-time equivalent jobs (public sector) and retain 16 jobs, according to
information from the Minnesota Department of Employment and Economic
Development.

The new facility will be able to sort, package and market all of the recyclables
collected in the two counties, which have a combined population of 32,000. It
will also have the capacity to handle materials for other counties if interest
develops, said Mitchell.

Redwood County currently recycles 81 percent of the recyclable materials
purchased within its borders. The successful program goes beyond collecting
paper, cardboard, plastics, metals and glass to include used motor oils and
compost.

Larson said Renville County hopes to improve its rate of recycling -- now barely
over 30 percent -- through the partnership.

The two counties originally began exploring the possibility of combining their
waste streams for a waste-to-energy project about 10 years ago. They have since
focused their attention mainly on a joint recycling and transfer station. The
new facility will likely be designed so that it could be adapted at a later date
to separate the waste stream so that refuse-derived fuel could be collected,
according to Mitchell.

The two-county, cooperative approach makes a lot of sense, he said. "Like a
puzzle, we fit well together,'' he said.

The environmental officer noted that both counties have roughly equal
populations of 16,000. Renville County has a higher proportion of rural
residents, while Redwood County has a larger share of urban residents and
industry.

The grant funds are being awarded by the Minnesota Department of Employment and
Economic Development. The joint proposal ranked fifth in a statewide competitive
application process.

Larson and Mitchell credited bipartisan support from the governor, State Sens.
Lyle Koenen, DFL-Clara Ctiy and Gary Dahms, R-Redwood Falls, and State Reps.
Chris Swedzinski, R-Ghent, and Paul Torkelson, R-St. James as well as assistance
from the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency with making the grant award
possible.

The two counties previously created the Redwood and Renville County Regional
Solid Waste Board under a joint powers agreement to oversee the project.

More from around the web

___ (c)2012 West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minn.) Visit West Central Tribune
(Willmar, Minn.) at www.wctrib.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120917-YM-Grant
-puts-wheels-under-Renville-Redwood-counties-recycling-project-0917-20120917

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YM


                      Copyright 2012 West Central Tribune


                              801 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                    February 17, 2011 Thursday 6:17 PM  EST

Tender Notice: Narsapur Municipality Seeks "Purchase of Hydraulic Autos under
Municipal Solid Waste Management"

LENGTH: 112  words

DATELINE: Andhra Pradesh, India


Andhra Pradesh, India, Feb. 17 -- Narsapur Municipality has a requirement for
"Purchase of Hydraulic Autos under Municipal Solid Waste Management."

Bidding Type: Domestic Competitive Bidding

According to the description: "Tenders are invited for Purchase of 4 Hydraulic
Autos under Municipal Solid Waste Management, 12th Finance Commission Grants in
Narsapur Municipality.

Estimated Contract Value(INR): 1,192,160"

Project Location: India

The IFB no. is Roc.No.3498/2009-E1.

The expression of interest should be received by Feb. 17 till 5:00 p.m. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              802 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                             August 29, 2005 Monday
                                   AV EDITION

WASTE DISPOSAL CENTER POPULAR;
ELECTRONIC ITEMS CAN BE RECYCLED

BYLINE: By Jim Skeen Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. AV6

LENGTH: 355 words


PALMDALE - The Antelope Valley's new electronic and household hazardous waste
collection center drew a crowd on its opening day, attracting more than 700
vehicles.

The Antelope Valley Environmental Collection Center, at the Palmdale landfill at
1200 W. City Ranch Road, collected enough electronic waste to fill three
tractor-trailer loads on its opening day, Aug. 20. The center also took in more
than 30,000 pounds of paint.

``We were very happy with that,'' said Donna Plummer, senior administrative
analyst for the city of Palmdale. ``It's an indication of the need in our valley
for a place for our residents to dispose of that waste in the right way.''

The center is a joint project of Los Angeles County, the cities of Palmdale and
Lancaster, and Waste Management, the company that operates the landfill. The
entities united to provide a place where residents could drop off their waste on
a regular basis rather than having to wait for a semiannual waste roundup.

The center is open on the first and third Saturdays of each month from 9 a.m. to
3 p.m.

Construction of the 38,000-square-foot center was primarily financed by a nearly
$700,000 grant from the California Integrated Waste Management Board's Used Oil
Recycling Fund. The fund is paid out of the four-cent fee the state receives on
each quart of new motor oil sold in California.

A portion of the fund is set aside to help local governments start up used-oil
collection centers.

``People want to do the right thing (disposing of their waste),'' said Rosalie
Mule, a member of the state waste board. ``Now they have an opportunity to do
the right thing.''

Mule said the center is one of the nicest facilities of its kind in the state.

The cities of Palmdale and Lancaster and Los Angeles County each contributed
$70,000 toward the center's construction.

The county and Waste Management will each contribute $180,000 to $210,000 a year
for the center's operation during a three-year pilot program.

Officials said they expect to be able to recycle nearly all of the electronic
waste and about 80 percent of the household waste.

Jim Skeen, (661) 267-5743

james.skeen@dailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 Digital First Media


                              803 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                               Egypt Independent

                            August 13, 2013 Tuesday

New garbage system relies on collectors, says minister

BYLINE: Al-Masry Al-Youm

LENGTH: 250  words


Minister of State for Environmental Affairs Laila Iskandar has said that the new
solid waste management system, set to be adopted by the ministry, relies
entirely on garbage collectors. "We aim for garbage-free streets," she said.



"Garbage collectors must feel proud," she said, adding that residents of Cairo
would be asked to put organic waste in one bag and solid waste in another for
the garbage collectors to pick up from homes.

"The collectors would then dump each bag in a van painted with a designated
colour for each," she explained.

This came in a meeting on Tuesday with the minister of local development, the
governor of Giza, the heads of the local councils, and representatives of the
garbage collectors.

She also said the Social Development Fund would be asked to grant loans for
garbage collectors to buy vans to help them efficiently carry out their job.

"The purpose of the meeting was to develop a scientific management system for
solid waste based on successful experiences," she said, adding that she is
discussing the possibility of helping small businesses collect and transport
garbage, recycle it and dispose of it. "We don't want the big conglomerates to
manipulate this industry."

She said garbage should be [#x200b][#x200b]separated at the source in order to
facilitate collection and transport. "We would thereby help the recycling plants
produce organic fertilizers and alternative energy," she said. "And we would
also be creating new job opportunities."

Edited translation from Al-Masry Al-Youm

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1386


                        Copyright 2013 Egypt Independent
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              804 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                Richmond County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 15, 2012 Sunday

Rockingham benefited from stimulus funds

BYLINE: Richmond County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 402 words


April 15--The City of Rockingham benefited from the allocation of federal
stimulus money, the City Council was told at its meeting this week.

The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 helped the city extend its
sanitary sewer system, said Community Development Director Sandra Ridley.

City Council held a public hearing to close out a Community Development Block
Grant Recovery Project that saw installation of public sewer in the Jefferson
Park, Cliff and Edwin street areas.

Ridley said the city received about $711,000 that went to sewer line extensions
along five streets. An additional $231,481 the city garnered was used to connect
71 homes to the city's sewer system in three neighborhoods, Ridley said, and
allowed for the property owners to "abandon all those septics."

The stimulus money had a very positive impact on Rockingham, she said.

"We were able to address a very serious health problem in that area," said
Ridley.

In other action, the council:

--Approved the updated Richmond County Solid Waste Management Plan. State law
requires the county to update the 10-year management plan every three years. The
solid waste management plan covers Richmond County and its six incorporated
municipalities; Rockingham, Hamlet, Dobbins Heights, Ellerbe, Hoffman, Norman.
The majority of county residents live in unincorporated areas.

--Approved a resolution opposing any changes to the designation of U.S. Highway
1 and the proposed U.S. Highway 1 Bypass as a Strategic Highway Corridor by the
NC Department of Transportation, that would negatively affect funding and
priority.

--Accepted the Rockingham Housing Authority 2011 Annual report by Executive
Director Chereka Belton-Odom.

--Approved a resolution approving the 2007 Local Water Supply Plan update.

--Listened to a presentation by Relay for Life Committee representative Anna
Thomas regarding the designation of April as "Purple Ribbon Month" in
Rockingham.

--Saw the presentation of a Criminal Investigation Certificate to Officer
Donavan Young by Police Chief Billy Kelly.

--Heard Mayor Gene McLaurin issue a proclamation for Spring Litter Sweep in
Rockingham on April 14-28, and another proclamation designating April 29-May 5,
2012, as Municipal Clerks' Week.

___ (c)2012 the Richmond County Daily Journal (Rockingham, N.C.) Visit the
Richmond County Daily Journal (Rockingham, N.C.) at www.yourdailyjournal.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120415-RU-Rockingham-benefited-from-stimulus-funds-0415-20120415

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RU


                                 Copyright 2012


                              805 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times (Munster, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 16, 2010 Tuesday

Region recycling takes 'great strides'

BYLINE: Kathleen Quilligan, The Times, Munster, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 490 words


Nov. 16--Every time she enters a classroom to talk about recycling, Kathy
Kazmierczak asks students to raise their hands if they already recycle at home.

Kazmierczak, Hammond's director of recycling, estimates about 95 percent of
students raise their hands.

In 2010, it appears recycling has been ingrained as a part of our lives. In Lake
County, every community has curbside recycling. And, as Lake County Solid Waste
Management District Executive Director Jeffrey Langbehn points out, even Fisher
Price has gotten in on the act with the Little People Sing 'n' Learn Recycling
Truck.

As the country celebrated America Recycles Day on Monday, as it has since 1997,
crews in Valparaiso picked up the city's recyclables, as they do every Monday,
and recycling advocates from Hammond to Portage looked at how far Northwest
Indiana has come.

Although recycling never has been a dirty word in the region, Langbehn remembers
when it was less popular. Hired as the Lake County Solid Waste Management
District's first employee in 1993, he was charged with the challenge of helping
reduce the state's waste by 2001. The goal was achieved 10 months early.

"We've made great strides," Langbehn said.

The U.S. recycles about 33 percent of its waste, according to U.S. Sen. Thomas
R. Carper, D-Del., who is co-chairman of the Senate Recycling Caucus. He said in
an online post that figure is low compared to other industrialized countries.
His post noted the U.S. recycles 7 percent of its plastic and 21 percent of its
glass and aluminum.

Ronald Reibly, Portage's recycling foreman believes local participation could be
better. Not satisfied with the 958 residents who started recycling last year or
the 397 who got on board this year, he spends what little free time he has on
the job cataloging which homes recycle and which don't, with the hopes of
converting the nonrecycling homes.

"We're trying to achieve 100 percent participation," he said.

Hammond is home to the region's only materials recovery facility and industrial
shredder, both of which allow the city to bale up processed or shredded material
and sell it. The proceeds go back into the recycling program, Kazmierczak said.
She hopes all of the children she reaches through the free school programs will
go home and persuade their families to recycle.

Langbehn agrees children are the key to getting Northwest Indiana families to
recycle. The Lake County Solid Waste Management District recently received a
grant to help it target English as a second language students.

"America Recycles Day is every day in our office," Langbehn said. "It's not
something we can go back on."

To see more of The Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.nwitimes.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Times, Munster, Ind.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101116-MU-Region-recycling-takes-great-strides-20101116

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MU


                            Copyright 2010 The Times


                              806 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 13, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: Mo-Kan Regional Council to Receive $200,000 Environmental Workforce
Development and Job Training Grant from EPA

LENGTH: 464  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Environmental Protection Agency, The State of Utah has issued the following news
release:

The Mo-Kan Regional Council, of St. Joseph, Mo., is among 18 select
organizations across the country receiving a total of $3.6 million in grants
announced by EPA's Environmental Workforce Development and Job Training (EWDJT)
program.

The EWDJT program provides funds to non-profit organizations and other eligible
entities to recruit, train and place predominantly low-income and minority,
unemployed and underemployed residents from communities impacted by hazardous
and solid wastes. The program helps its graduates develop skills that improve
their ability to secure full-time sustainable employment in various aspects of
hazardous and solid waste management, and in other environmental jobs.

The Mo-Kan Regional Council will receive $200,000, with which it plans to train
35 students, place at least 30 of them in environmental jobs, and track the
graduates for at least one year.

Mo-Kan is an economic and community development organization officially
recognized by the states of Kansas and Missouri, and by the federal government.
The organization will use its EWDJT grant to target unemployed and underemployed
individuals within a 15-county area of northwest Missouri and northeast Kansas.

Mo-Kan's EWDJT grant will support a core training program that includes 58 hours
of instruction in 40-hour HAZWOPER training, 10-hour OSHA construction safety
training, CPR/AED/first aid training, and green infrastructure and stormwater
management. Students will also receive supplemental training in either of two
focus areas. In 2015, the first curriculum year will include 264 hours of
training in wastewater treatment and collection systems and 16-hour asbestos
awareness training. The second curriculum year, 2016, will include 120 hours of
training in environmental remediation, including lead abatement, asbestos
abatement supervision, and mold remediation. Graduates of the training will
receive up to nine federal or state certifications to perform environmental
work.

Key partners for Mo-Kan's training efforts include the Metropolitan Energy
Center, the Missouri Department of Natural Resources, the Kansas Department of
Health and Environment, Habitat for Humanity, AFL-CIO Community Services, the
Northwest Missouri Workforce Investment Board, the Missouri Career Center, the
City of St. Joseph, and other community-based organizations and environmental
employers.

Nationwide, since the EWDJT program's inception in 1998, EPA has funded 239 job
training grants totaling more than $50 million. More than 12,800 individuals
have completed training, and of those, more than 9,100 have secured employment
in the environmental field.

For further information please visit: http://yosemite.epa.gov/

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              807 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           February 16, 2016 Tuesday

GAM Solid Waste Crisis Response Programme

LENGTH: 562  words


Project Description : The Bank is considering providing a sub-sovereign
long-term financing package to the GreaterAmman Municipality ("GAM") to be
provided in two tranches as follows:  Tranche 1 (committed): Up to EUR 130
million to refinance a portion of GAM's existing debt, to be co-financed with
other commercial banks, to release municipal funds for a comprehensive solid
waste programme.  Tranche 2 (uncommitted): Up to EUR 65 million to finance a
series of critical municipal infrastructure projects aimed at addressing Amman's
urgent solid waste needs.  The EBRD provided GAM a USD 13 million
sovereign-guaranteed loan in 2015 to finance the construction of a landfill gas
recovery system at the Al-Ghabawi landfill site under a design, build and
operate contract. The loan was co-financed by an up to USD 5 million loan funded
by the Green Energy Special Fund ("GESF") administered by the EBRD
The proposed financing package forms part of the EBRD's Refugee Crisis Response
Programme.

GAM, which hosts around 30 per cent of the Syrian refugee population in Jordan,
is largely affected by the  on-going refugee influx. This places a heavy strain
on Amman's municipal infrastructure and in particular on the solid waste
management system. There is an urgent need to strengthen GAM's resilience as
well as to optimise its financing, and Tranche 1 will allow GAM to liberate
urgently needed funds to enable it to deal with the on-going challenges. Tranche
2 of the investment package will be targeted towards financing specific
investments in the solid waste sector to mitigate the effects of the refugee
influx and provide more sustainable and long-term solutions. These investments
will be assessed on a project-by-project basis and are expected to be
co-financed by investment grants made available by other partners, including,
but not limited to, the European Union.
Institutional Support: The Project is expected to facilitate a comprehensive
institutional support programme. The programme will introduce measures to
increase the operational and financial management of solid waste services,
leading to further commercialisation of the sector. In addition, ways of
increased private sector participation, corporatisation, regulatory reform and
the use of alternative technologies will be assessed in order to enable
efficient and sustainable service delivery.  Framework for Markets: The Project
will contribute to the strengthening of GAMs financial management by preparing
it for a credit rating exercise aimed at enabling GAM to access capital markets.
Demonstration Effect: The Project will contribute to the development of
sustainable, EU compliant and well-operated solid waste management structures
that facilitate better cost recovery and provide an example away from the
current non-economical and environmentally unsustainable practice.

Project completion date : 2017-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : GREATER AMMAN MUNICIPALITY

Address : Omar Matar St., Rass Alain
P.O.box 132, Amman 11118

Country :Jordan
Email : info@ammancity.gov.jo

Url : http://www.ammancity.gov .jo

Financier : European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD),European
Union (EU),

Financier address : European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD)


One Exchange Square
London EC2A 2JN
United Kingdom


Website : http://www.ebrd.com /
Tel : 020 7338 6000

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2016 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              808 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                Daily News Egypt

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Switzerland funds programme to improve solid waste management in 4 Egyptian
governorates

BYLINE: Daily News Egypt

LENGTH: 347 words


The Embassy of Switzerland has signed an agreement with the Ministry of
Environment for a "National Solid Waste Management Programme" (NSWMP) that will
be implemented across four Egyptian governorates in the Upper Egypt and Delta
regions.

An embassy press release said that the programme will serve the urban
populations of Qena, Assiut, Kafr El-Sheikh, and Gharbeya governorates, which
host a total of approximately 3.5 million residents. It aims to support the
establishment and implementation of effective policy, legislation, and
institutional arrangements for municipal solid waste management at the national,
governorate, and local levels, coupled with the implementation of related
infrastructure in these four governorates.

The infrastructure implemented includes the construction and extension of waste
treatment, recycling, or composting facilities, landfills, and transfer
stations, as well as the supply of equipment for waste collection and
transportation.

"Switzerland's investment in the solid waste management sector underlines the
Swiss commitment to protect the environment and the health and safety of
Egyptian citizens," said Markus Leitner, the ambassador of Switzerland to Egypt.

He added that the participation in the project of governmental, industrial, and
private sector actors, both from the formal and informal sector, will provide
for an efficient framework and an effective implementation.

The five-year programme will contribute to sustainable protection of the
climate, environment, and natural resources, as well as reduction of health
risks for the Egyptian population. It will start in 2016 and is expected to be
completed by the end of 2021.

NSWMP is jointly financed by the German government via KfW development bank (as
the lead financing institution) and GIZ, the European Union, the Swiss State
Secretariat for Economic Affairs (SECO), and the Egyptian government. The total
cost of the programme is estimated at [#x20ac]66.5m. The Swiss contribution will
be a grant amounting to [#x20ac]10.5m, dedicated to investment, technical
assistance, and capacity building.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 11


         Copyright 2016 Daily News Egypt - Egyptian Media Services Ltd.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              809 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                               February 24, 2003

Eco-Friendly Woman Wins Travel Grant For Study Trip In Europe

BYLINE: David McKay

SECTION: News; People; Clubs/Groups; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 294 words


An Eco-friendly Deeside woman is hoping she can help improve Scotland's poor
recycling record after winning a grant to travel around Europe studying waste
disposal practices.  Jennifer Cook, of Briggs Cottage, Raemoir, near Banchory,
will spend around three months in Italy, Switzerland, Germany and Denmark
looking at how other European countries deal with waste.

She believes her findings could help improve Scotland's waste strategy, which is
lagging far behind its European neighbours.

Ms Cook is one of 18 people in Scotland - and four in the North-east - who have
won travelling fellowship awards from the Winston Churchill Memorial Trust to
carry out a variety of projects around the world.

Having been selected from nearly 2,000 candidates, Ms Cook said she is delighted
to have been successful.

The 46-year-old business development manager for Denholm Industrial Services in
Aberdeen has had a keen interest in the environment for many years, and sits on
the North board of the Scottish Environment Protection Agency as well as being a
member of the North-east Mountain Trust.

She said: "I think this is the chance of a lifetime, the opportunity that it
gives me to think about this and go away is just fantastic." Ms Cook will spend
the next few months researching the subject and consulting with environmental
agencies around Europe before heading off around August.

Another award recipient is student Dominick Spracklen, of Huntly, who is heading
off to Ecuador and Panama to study cloud forest destruction.

Aberdeen primary school physical education teacher Fiona Forbes, 27, has also
won a fellowship, and will be travelling to New Zealand and Australia for a
project designed to encourage children to be more active.

Caption:

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2003 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              810 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                Sarke Daily News

                            February 21, 2014 Friday

GEORGIA RATIFIED MORE LOAN AGREEMENTS WITH KFW

BYLINE: Sarke Daily News

LENGTH: 227 words


At  its  yesterday's plenary session, Georgian Parliament unanimously approved 2

loan agreements with German Development Bank (KfW), signed on December 13, 2013.

The   matter  concerns  open  program  on  expansion  of  Georgia's  electricity

transmission  networks  and  project  on  integrated  solid  waste management in

Kutaisi.

In  terms  of  transmission network's expansion, Georgia will receive loan of 35

million  EUR,  which has to be allocated in two installments (having duration of

12  years and 15 years, including grace period of 3 years) with interest rate of

2.2%.

Out  of  total  loan,  22.1  million EUR will be allotted to JSC "Georgian State

Electrosystem" as loan, targeting funding of "Jvari" substation (500/220 kV).

To  remind,  in  terms of this project's implementation, agreement was signed on

October  25,  2013 with EBRD on loan of 25.2 million EUR. Besides, 8 million EUR

will be provided as grant within the EU Neighborhood Investment Facility (NIF).

Remained  part  (12.8  million  EUR)  could  be  used  for  projects  in  energy

transmission networks.

Regarding  Kutaisi integrated solid waste management project, allotment makes up

20  million  EUR.  Loan  duration makes up 15 years (including grace period of 5

years), while interest rate - 1.9%.

To  remind, grant of 2 million EUR was allocated for this projects' accompanying

measures within NIF.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1168


                    Copyright 2014 Sarke Information Agency
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              811 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                  The Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 17, 2009 Tuesday

No Clean Sweeps for Dunn, Pepin counties

BYLINE: Pamela Powers, The Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 680 words


Mar. 17--MENOMONIE -- Two Chippewa Valley counties have canceled Clean Sweep
programs this year after the state Department of Agriculture, Trade and Consumer
Protection froze grants for the remainder of the budget cycle.

Dunn County canceled Clean Sweeps of hazardous household waste scheduled for May
and September. Pepin County canceled one scheduled for April.

The programs will continue this year, however, in Eau Claire and Chippewa
counties.

The Pepin County Solid Waste Committee recently decided to cancel the proposed
$18,000 event after learning the state would not be reimbursing the county for
up to 75 percent for its expenses, said Terry Mesch, Pepin County solid waste
coordinator.

Last fall, DATCP announced Clean Sweep Grant awards for 2009 to dozens of local
governments around the state. Pepin County was told its grant would be more than
$14,000. However, budget shortfalls forced the state to freeze funds in numerous
grant programs, including Clean Sweep.

"We are very disappointed in the state's decision to freeze Clean Sweep funds,"
Mesch stated. "This has been a popular and successful program with Pepin County
farmers and residents since we first started it back in the early 1990s.
However, we also recognize that everyone has to give a little during the
difficult budget times we are all facing."

Mesch reported that Gov. Jim Doyle's proposed budget for 2009-2011 contains a
provision that eliminates the Clean Sweep program. Mesch encouraged residents to
contact their legislators to express any concerns.

The Pepin County committee briefly discussed operating Clean Sweep without the
grants but decided to cancel it this year and take a wait-and-see approach until
the county knows what will happen to funding, Mesch said.

Pepin County is investigating options for people who want to safely dispose of
their unwanted chemicals and hazardous waste in an environmentally sound manner,
Mesch said. Private companies have contracted with the county in the past to
collect and properly dispose of the materials.

The nearest such company is in Eau Claire, but it does not accept the wastes on
a drop-in basis. Formal one-day events may be scheduled, but the cost for
disposal likely will be passed on to the residents.

The Dunn County solid waste and recycling coordinator couldn't be reached for
comment on its Clean Sweep programs being dropped this year.

Eau Claire County will run household Clean Sweep programs May 9, July 11, Sept.
12 and Nov. 14, said Eau Claire County Recycling Coordinator Jon Tulman. The
county operates the programs through a self-funded $1 special charge on the
recycling program.

Chippewa County still is planning Clean Sweeps of household hazardous wastes on
April 25 and tentatively on Oct. 3. Some items being accepted are varnish,
oil-based paint and pesticides.

For about 15 years Chippewa County has funded its own Clean Sweep. After getting
a grant this year and then having it frozen, the county decided to go ahead and
fund the program again, Chippewa County Recycling Coordinator Renee Yohnk said.

Not having Clean Sweep programs can be a detriment to the environment, she said.

"There are no options for people," she said. "They will hold on to (hazardous
waste items), and there are risks to having chemicals around."

Chemicals can be fire hazards or pose health risks, she said.

Some Clean Sweep items may be taken to a landfill, but that is not recommended,
Yohnk said. Even worse, people may decide to just dump the wastes in their
yards.

The two 2009 Clean Sweep programs cost Chippewa County a total of $22,000 to
$23,000, she noted.

Powers can be reached at 715-235-9018 or pamela.powers@ecpc.com

To see more of The Leader-Telegram or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.leadertelegram.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Leader-Telegram, Eau
Claire, Wis. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090317-EW-No-Clean-Sweeps-for-Dunn-Pepin-counties-0317

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EW


                                 Copyright 2009


                              812 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                        Copyright 2017 GlobalCIS Limited
                           FBR Asian Company Profiles

                                 March 31, 2017

                               JJ RICHARDS & SONS

                                   3 Grant St
                                 Cleveland 4163
                                   Australia

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 34889600
FAX: 34889699
E-MAIL:
customer.service@jjrichards.com.au,enquiries@jjrichards.com.au,water@jjrichards.
com.au

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: Industry Association
EMPLOYEES: 2010

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

LOCAL PARENT:  WESTREET INVESTMENTS PTY LTD
SUBSIDIARIES & AFFILIATES:
JJ RICHARDS & SONS NZ LTD P3082494 S I c/o PKF Ross Melville Level 5, 50 Anza c
Ave 309 New Zealand
SOUTHERN OIL REFINING PTY LTD P3082525 S A 42 Lewington St 301 Australia 6925
8755 69258766
CQ COMPOST PTY LTD P3082232 S A Tinkelara Holzwart Rd 301 Australia 49876511
49876522
IN VITRO TECHNOLOGIES PTY LTD P0819049 I S 7-9 Summit Rd 301 Australia 977137 00
97713720
SOLO WASTE AUST PTY LTD P0918455 S A 86-88 Chinderah Bay Drive 301 Australia
66747601 66747657
TOWNER'S CLEANSING SERVICES PTY LTD P0373177 S A 3 Grant St 301 Australia 328
63199
WESTREET PTY LTD P0918122 S S 2 Cowley St 301 Australia
TRUSTLAND PTY LTD P0918124 S S 3 Grant St 301 Australia
REMNEY PTY LTD P0918126 S S 3 Grant St 301 Australia
JJ RICHARDS ENGINEERING PTY LTD P0918128 S S 3 Grant St 301 Australia
N Q RESOURCE RECOVERY PTY LTD P0380719 S A 10Fl Toowong Tower 9 Sherwood Rd 3 01
Australia 38707511
JJR WATER SOLUTIONS PTY LTD P0918151 S A 3 Grant St 301 Australia
JJ RICHARS NORTH END PTY LTD P1355031 S S 3 Grant St 301 Australia
TRANSPACIFIC INDUSTRIES GROUP LTD P0642617 M I Level 1 Caroma Bldg 159 Corona
tion Drive 301 Australia 33677800
JJ RICHARDS TI TEE PTY LTD P1355029 S S 3 Grant St 301 Australia

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

CHAIRMAN:  Mr. John Joseph Richards

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
INDUSTRY TYPE: Service; Professional Service

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC CODES:
7389 - Business Svcs, NEC
9511 - Air, Water & Solid Waste Mgt
HARMONIZED CODE:
9900 - Business services, health, financial/insur. legal/real estate, hotels, a
nd misc repairs
9879 - Air, water & solid waste management services
9881 - Recycling

PRODUCTS & SERVICES:

     ·    Waste management systems
     ·    Waste management solutions
     ·    Waste treatment system
     ·    Waste management
     ·    Recycling
     ·    Sanitary services
     ·    Garbage disposal
     ·    Waste audit solutions
     ·    Waste analysis
     ·    Medical waste collection
     ·    Medical waste disposal
     ·    Waste collection
     ·    Industrial waste collection
     ·    Commercial waste collection
     ·    Tank cleaning


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2012


YEAR                    SALES              ASSETS          NET INCOME
2014              737,501,115         778,931,984          74,827,778
2013              624,005,350         718,321,038          54,794,570
2012              544,448,287         616,080,825          69,136,327

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
BANKER: COMMONWEALTH BANK OF AUSTRALIA

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2017


                              813 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  February 14, 1992, FRIDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

SOLID-WASTE ITEM CUT AS PANEL GETS CHARTER FINALIZED PUBLIC COMMENTS; CONSIDERED
AS VOTE NEARS

BYLINE: Leigh Anne Porcher St. Charles Post Special Correspondent

SECTION: ST. CHARLES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 599 words


Members of the St. Charles County Charter Commission have deleted a section
onsolid-waste management and reworked a section on city-county relations as part
of their final touches on a home-rule document that will go to the voters.
Commission members met Wednesday in St. Peters to discuss comments and
suggestions by county residents on aspects of the proposal for the charter.
Voters will be able to review the proposal in the next few weeks before casting
a ballot April 7.  One of the major issues is the county's role in waste
management. James C.  Larkin Jr., a member of the commission, had pushed for the
charter to grant the county coordinating powers covering all types of waste
management for all residents. Larkin also serves on a solid-waste committee for
the county.  Members reached a consensus to give the county control in
unincorporated areas and to cooperate or contract with other jurisdictions. But
several residents raised objections to the section at a public hearing two weeks
ago and later by letters to the commission.  Residents such as Neal Sowers of
St. Charles said that a new solid-waste-management law gives the county a
leading role in a regional solution to solid-waste management.  ''The cities in
St. Charles County should be willing to cooperate and support the county in this
area of service and not the county being required to cooperate and support
whatever plans individual cities might concoct,'' Sowers wrote in a letter to
the commission. Commission members voted to delete the section that caused
concern because the county still will be required to follow state law under the
new solid-waste-management provision.  Members also approved a revised section
on city-county relations that has been causing concern with some municipal
leaders. The section calls for the county to offer incorporated areas any new
services that are offered to unincorporated areas. Incorporated areas may de
cline the services by ordinance or work out an agreement with the county.
Members also named fire districts among other political entities that will
continue to operate separately from county government: municipalities, towns,
villages and school districts.  Members made these decisions: The transition to
a charter form of government would start in 1993 with approval by voters in
April. Some residents asked in the public forums to postpone all transitions to
1995.  A section on preparing the budget for 1993 would be revised to allow the
current budget-drafting procedure to continue but allow for the new county
council members to make a final decision on the budget when they take office in
January 1993.  Maps outlining districts for the county council would remain as
previously outlined.  References to full-time positions would be deleted.
Richard K. Zerr, a commission member, said officeholders should be able to have
outside interests that do not conflict with the person's position in county
government.  The sheriff, circuit clerk and auditor would be excluded from the
merit system. The circuit clerk would be appointed on four-year terms.  The
county council would establish job qualifications for appointed positions if
several positions now elected go to an appointment process in 1995.  The county
executive would have powers to appoint department heads and directors but can
remove only directors at his or her discretion.  Emergency bills can take effect
as ordinances immediately on approval by two-thirds of the county council. In
cases of approval by majority, the measure also would need approval by the
county executive.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              814 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                  September 20, 1989, Wednesday, City Edition

Plan to recycle waste readied

BYLINE: STEVEN DRUMMOND

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 534 words

DATELINE: INVERNESS



INVERNESS - About 1,000 homes in the West Highlands area south of    Inverness
could begin receiving plastic recycling bins within a month    or two.

     The neighborhood is a test case for the county's recycling program.

 Residents will be asked to separate aluminum cans, glass and plastic    bottles
and newspapers from the rest of the trash and set them out each    week in the
special bins.

     A private hauler will collect the recyclables, sort them, sell them    and
return the proceeds to the county, along with information about the    program.

     County solid waste management staff will use that information to    plan
expansions of the program needed to meet a statewide goal of    reducing the
county's waste flow into the landfill by 30 percent by    1994.

     The County Commission on Tuesday heard and approved plans for the
initial 1,000-home test program in West Highlands.

     With the commission's approval, county staff can begin soliciting    bids
on a contract to begin the program, which could start in a month    or two, said
Jim Barker, director of solid waste management.

     Linda Bennett, public programs specialist, said a crucial part of    the
voluntary recycling program would be public education, including    radio and
television advertising and school programs.

     "I'll be going into the schools," she said, to teach children the
importance of recycling.

     Barker and his staff had originally planned a much larger recycling
program, dependent on a $ 500,000 grant from he state. The grant    received was
much smaller, about $ 150,000, so the county scaled back to    the demonstration
program.

     Each home in the target area will receive a single 12-gallon or
14-gallon plastic container to hold all the recyclable materials,    Bennett
said.

     On regular garbage collection days, residents will set the    containers
out with the trash for collection.

     Bennett said residents will have to follow a few rules:          Glass
bottles and aluminum cans should be rinsed.

       Plastic bottles should be "burped" to remove the air and    flattened.

       Newspapers should be bundled and tied.

     Families may request additional containers, she said.

     An important function of the start-up program will analyzing the    amount
of recyclable materials collected and how much is still going    into the
regular trash, she said.

     The participants in the program will receive questionnaires before    and
after the program begins.

     In 1990, Barker hopes to expand the program to another 4,000    residents
in separate areas around the county. Barker hopes for another    state grant to
help with that program.

     County Commissioner Hank Cohen questioned whether the recyclable
materials might be stolen.

     "The way most counties do this," Bennett said, "is if there's a
scavenging problem, then they request an ordinance dealing with    recycling" to
punish offenders, she said.



LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES

GRAPHIC: COLOR MAP, Frank Peters; Inverness Highlands site of target area for
recycling program in Citrus County

                            Times Publishing Company


                              815 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                             Star of Mysore (India)

                            April 9, 2014 Wednesday

KNOW YOUR WARD ...

LENGTH: 887 words

DATELINE: Mysore


ysore, April 9 -- Good roads, awareness on proper disposal of garbage needed

Areas under Ward-12

North: From the junction of Manandavadi-Mysore Road and B.N. Road passing
through the Link Road continuing to J.P. Nagar 20th Cross. From J.P. Nagar 20th
Cross to J.P. Nagar 'A' Block 2nd Main Road continuing to J.P. Nagar 10th Main
Road to J.P. Nagar 'B' Block 2nd Main. From the 2nd Main, continuing to Link
Road and continuing to B.N. Road.

East: From the junction of B.N. Road and Link Road continuing to the junction of
B.N. Road and Ring Road.

South: From the junction of B.N. Road and Ring Road continuing to Railway Under
Bridge through Ring Road.

West: From the junction of Ring Road and Railway Under Bridge continuing to the
Railway Bridge near Nachanahalli Palya continuing through Manandavadi Road to
the junction of Manandawadi-B.N. Road and Link road.

Most of the roads in J.P. Nagar, under Ward 12, need to be asphalted, drainages
have to be cleaned, awareness among the residents on proper disposal of garbage
has to be taken up and weeds and overgrown bushes in empty sites have to be
cleaned.

Some of the residents, speaking to SOM, said that they were facing problems of
irregular collection of garbage, bad smell emanating from the Solid Waste
Management unit, problems of reptiles and lack of good roads with footpaths.

Krishna, a resident of the Ward said that they do not have any problem of
shortage in supply of potable water but said that they need good roads with
footpaths.

During the visit to the Ward, one can find plastic covers and garbage strewn in
vacant sites, drainages covered with debris and garbage and also bad roads in
some parts.

Though there is a proposal to shift the Solid Waste Management Unit to
Rayanakere on H.D. Kote road and Kesare, there seems to be no action taken in
this regard yet.

There were also complaints from the residents that MCC workers were not cleaning
plastic covers strewn in vacant plots. The owners of some sites have not even
bothered to visit their sites let alone cleaning it, the residents complained.

When SOM spoke to Corporator B.L. Bhyrappa about the problems, he said that
fines are being collected from owners of vacant sites and cleaning is being
undertaken. But, since these are wild plants they grow back very soon. Lack of
availability of labourers is hampering the work, he added.

He further admitted that some roads in his Ward were in bad shape and added that
grants have been sanctioned to the Ward and tenders have been called for road
works which will be taken up after elections.

Bhyrappa claimed that his Ward was the only Ward where JUSCO has completed its
work but has not bothered to fill the trenches dug up to lay pipelines.

Speaking about the problems of Solid Waste Management Plant, he said that a
proposal to shift the plant to Rayanakere and Kesare has been approved for which
grants have also been sanctioned, only implementation of the proposal has to be
taken up, he said.

Speaking about the Parks in the Ward, Bhyrappa said, that there a total of 21
parks in his Ward which have been developed by laying inter-locking tiles and
planting of tree saplings to give the parks an appearance of a mini forest,
which actually provides a breathing space in the Ward.

Bhyrappa said that a stadium with tennis court, badminton court, handball court,
volley ball court, cricket pitch, gymnasium and other facilities have been
developed which is getting good response from the residents.

He further said that all the sports facilities in the stadium has individual
coaches to train youngsters who come to practice there. Also play equipments for
children have been installed in the stadium.

Apart from sports facilities, there is a Yoga and Meditation Centre, a
well-equipped library and Mahila Samajas and Balagas there.

The Corporator said that three auto stands were being constructed at vantage
points in the Ward for the benefit of auto drivers and commuters and added that
a swimming pool,an auditorium and an indoor sports complex would be developed
for which Rs. 10 crore has been sanctioned by the CM.

Speaking about garbage and plastics being thrown in vacant sites and open
spaces, Bhyrappa said that he would soon convene a meeting of residents to
create awareness on proper disposal of garbage and plastic.

He said that the legislators and other elected representatives should work in
tandem with the Corporators and guide them in their works. It is only then that
all Wards in the city can be developed.

In his message to the residents, Bhyrappa called upon the residents to exercise
their franchise compulsorily and elect a good person irrespective of caste and
creed. He has urged the residents to keep their premises and surroundings clean
and has requested them to plant at least two trees.

He has requested the residents not to encroach footpaths by growing flower
plants and fencing it and added that encroachment of footpaths may cost the life
of a person who may die due to accident on road as he is unable to walk on
footpaths as they are encroached.

He has also urged the residents to use water judiciously as summer has
approached.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Star of Mysore. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Star Of Mysore
                              All Rights Reserved


                              816 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             June 14, 2014 Saturday
                                 VVoice Edition

CONSULTANT WILL ADVISE ON WASTE

BYLINE: Valerie Putnam , vrputnam@yahoo.com

SECTION: V; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 749 words


Millwood and Liberty Lake are still considering who will manage their solid
waste.

Recently Spokane Valley and Airway Heights chose to go with Sunshine Disposal &
Recycling. Deer Park is joining Spokane County's Regional plan.

At Tuesday's Millwood City Council meeting, City Attorney Brian Werst asked the
council to consider engaging a consultant to review the county and Sunshine
agreements.

"As we talked at the meeting last Tuesday - the mayor, staff and I feel it would
be in the city's best interest to engage a solid waste consultant," Werst said.
"Somebody who knows solid waste, knows trash, both sides of the table."

Werst recommended independent solid waste consultant Jeff Brown of Epicenter
Services, a Bellingham firm.

Brown recently worked with Spokane Valley during its decision-making process,
and Werst said Liberty Lake is also considering engaging Brown.

"We would probably be in a better position to have somebody that understands it
as opposed to somebody who is going to have to relearn the circumstances," Werst
said.

The council granted Mayor Kevin Freeman the authority and stipulated Brown's
services couldn't exceed $5,000.

Werst also said the city has been in further discussion with Waste Management to
see about entering into a franchise agreement.

The agreement would eliminate the seven-year notice required under the
G-certificate termination process, including any obligation to pay early
termination compensation. A G-certificate, issued by the Washington Utilities
and Transportation Commission, grants Waste Management the right to collect the
city's curb side solid waste.

The agreement would make the Sunshine proposal a viable option for Millwood.

"What I think Waste Management and Sunshine are looking at now is an agreement
between the city of Millwood and Waste Management that would address the curb
side pick-up," Werst said. "And an agreement between Waste Management and
Sunshine that would address where it is disposed."

Werst also said the city received a letter last week from the Spokane County
commissioners requesting the city to postpone taking action on the Sunshine
agreement until June 19. By then the county expects to finalize significant
changes in reducing gate fees for the Regional Solid Waste System.

The county is exploring financing options for regional landfill closure costs,
Werst said.

"What they're looking to do is get their cost and their proposal to the smallest
dollar amount possible and make their option a better option than the private
option."

In other council business:

Freeman expressed concern over the increased crime in the city.

"Last month we did see a spike in burglary, malicious mischief, theft and
vehicle prowl," Freeman said. "I've been approached by a number of residents
over the last month concerned."

Freeman said Spokane County Sheriff Ozzie Knezovich plans to attend the July
council meeting to discuss law enforcement in the city and address the recent
crime spike.

Anyone witnessing suspicious activity is encouraged to call Crime Check (509)
456-2233.

Council voted to waive the right-of-way permit requirements for Millwood
Community Presbyterian Church to close Marguerite Road during the farmers market
through the month of June. The market is open Wednesdays from 3 to 7 p.m.

At the July meeting, the council plans to revisit the issue and decide if the
church can continue to close the road for the market.

Millwood received two business license applications for retail marijuana
locations.

Werst said the Washington State Liquor Control Board was to "provide for
geographical dispersion" for the licenses, avoiding clustering of retail sites
in one location.

"Millwood's two applications are 650 feet apart," Werst said. "Millwood received
two of the seven county-at-large locations."

The city is requesting a hearing from the Washington State Liquor Control Board
asking for clarification as to the close proximity of the two locations.

SIDEBAR:

UPCOMING EVENTS

The Millwood wading pool opens Monday. Hours are Monday through Saturday 11 a.m.
to 5 p.m., Sunday 1 to 5 p.m., weather permitting. It's closed from 2 to 2:30
p.m. to allow for a lifeguard break.

Spokane Falls Community Summer Band plans to perform an Old-Fashioned Concert in
the Park on July 7 at 7 p.m. The concert will be in Millwood City Park.

The next regular City Council meeting is July 8 at 7 p.m. in Millwood City Hall,
9103 E. Frederick Ave.

For more information, call (509) 924-0960.

TYPE: Column: Millwood updates

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              817 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                            June 11, 2014 Wednesday

County commissioners may raise rural solid-waste fee

BYLINE: Ray Gronberg gronberg@heraldsun.com; 919-419-6648

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 537  words


DURHAM - County officials are leaning toward increasing the rural solid-waste
fee by $14 a household to pay for the expansion of roll-out recycling and ease
pressure on other parts of their fiscal 2014-15 budget.

The move would boost the annual fee to $139, General Services Director Motiryo
Keambiroiro said, adding that 20 or so households not in Durham County that use
the county's solid-waste services would pay double that.

Formal decisions by County Commissioners on next year's spending plan remained
pending after the issue was discussed Tuesday during an all-day budget review.

But "I didn't hear anybody say no to that," Commissioner Ellen Reckhow said.

Reckhow and her colleagues have signaled a desire to scale back County Manager
Wendell Davis' request for an increase of the county's property tax rate of 2.73
cents per $100 of assessed value.

Some are just as eager to forgo some of the spending cuts Davis suggested over
the weekend as a way to get the tax request down to 1.93 cents per $100 of
assessed value.

He among other things suggested slashing spending on open-space projects and
reducing the county's subsidies of nonprofit organizations.

The increase of the waste fee would generate about $240,000, and has been
floating around as a possibility ever since Keambiroiro and her staff briefed
commissioners on the roll-cart program expansion earlier this month.

Most rural residents now set their recycled goods out for collection in small,
18-gallon bins. But last year, the county and its collection contractor, Waste
Industries, conducted an experiment with using larger roll carts at some 2,000
homes.

Participants recycled about 34 percent more goods than they did before receiving
carts. That has county officials eager to spread the cart initiative to other
households in rural Durham.

The initial plan from General Services for financing the expansion called for
the countywide tax base to take the hit. But Reckhow noted earlier this month
that city residents already have curbside recycling and pay for it via city
property taxes.

Raising the monthly solid-waste fee is "more equitable," avoiding the double
taxation of city residents who don't have to pay the rural availability fee, she
said.

The prospective cut to open-space programs, meanwhile, drew criticism during a
Monday night public hearing from groups like the Triangle Land Conservancy and
the Ellerbe Creek Watershed association.

They were most worried about the suggested elimination of a 1991-vintage program
that provides matching funds to small-scale open space and park projects.

Davis initially proposed cutting the grant program's budget to $60,000, down
from the current $77,175, and later listed it as a candidate to zero out.

He said the county staff has received few applications for grant support in
recent years and believes the program is an "inefficient kind of arrangement" to
administer given the small sums involved.

But Reckhow said applications likely fell off because officials suspended the
program entirely in 2010 and 2011 amid the continuing fallout of the 2008-09
recession.

She and Commissioner Wendy Jacobs also noted that grant recipients have to match
the county's funding at least on a dollar-for-dollar basis.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              818 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                               Westwood PinePress

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                February 4, 2009

Solid waste hopes for tire grant money

BYLINE: Ruth EllisStaff Writer rellis@lassennews.com

LENGTH: 175  words


The Lassen Regional Solid Waste Management Authority has applied for new tire
grant. If awarded, it hopes to hold seven tire disposal events this year.

According to authority program coordinator Paula Wesch, the authority applied
for $25,065.13. Last year the authority received a $13,479 grant.

During last year's amnesty event, Wesch said the authority collected 6,000
tires. This year, the authority hopes to collect 7,000 tires.

The authority plans to hold seven events at the Bieber, Herlong, Westwood and
Ravendale transfer stations and three events will be at the Bass Hill Landfill.

Rather than holding the events from July through October, Wesch said the
authority will be holding the event through May and September.

The purpose of the grant is to allow jurisdictions to offer no-charge disposal
of used unwanted waste tires. At no cost, households will be allowed to deliver
up to nine tires, including passenger and light-truck tires with or without
rims.

However, commercially generated waste tires will not be allowed for free
disposal services.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WWP

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2009 Westwood PinePress


                              819 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                              Lassen County Times

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                February 3, 2009

Solid waste hopes for tire grant money

BYLINE: Ruth EllisStaff Writerrellis@lassennews.com

LENGTH: 175  words


The Lassen Regional Solid Waste Management Authority has applied for new,tire
grant. If awarded, it hopes to hold seven tire disposal events this year.

According to authority program coordinator Paula Wesch, the authority applied
for $25,065.13. Last year the authority received a $13,479 grant.

During last year's amnesty event, Wesch said the authority collected 6,000
tires. This year, the authority hopes to collect 7,000 tires.

The authority plans to hold seven events at the Bieber,

Herlong, Westwood and Ravendale transfer stations and three events will be at
the Bass Hill Landfill.

Rather than holding the events from July through October, Wesch said the
authority will be holding the event through May and September.

The purpose of the grant is to allow jurisdictions to offer no-charge disposal
of used unwanted waste tires. At no cost, households will be allowed to deliver
up to nine tires, including passenger and light-truck tires with or without
rims.

However, commercially generated waste tires will not be allowed for free
disposal services.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LAS

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2009 Lassen County Times


                              820 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                      The Meadville Tribune (Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 20, 2016 Wednesday

Reduced funding could lead to drop-off site cuts to county's recycling program

BYLINE: Keith Gushard, The Meadville Tribune, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1012 words


Jan. 20--Crawford County's voluntary countywide recycling program may have to
cut back on its number of drop-off collection sites in 2016 because of reduced
funding.

For the third year in a row, the Crawford County Solid Waste Authority, which
runs the recycling program, is getting less money than it has requested from the
county -- and this year, the gap is $50,000 -- double what it has been the
previous two years, according to figures from the Crawford County Finance
Department.

For 2016, the Solid Waste Authority requested $200,000 in operating subsidies
from county government due to rising disposal costs, but the county has budgeted
$150,000 with county commissioners asking the authority to control its costs.

Annual pickup costs for the recycling program have escalated more than 45
percent in the past few years -- going from $93,000 in 2012 to $134,964 in 2015,
according to Brenda Schmidt, recycling coordinator for the Crawford County Solid
Waste Authority.

In 2015, the authority asked for $175,000 with the county providing $150,000,
but the county gave the recycling program office space rent free including
utilities, according to figures from the county Finance Department. The program
was housed in the former Blystone law office building on East Center Street in
Meadville -- a building the county recently tore down as part of the new county
judicial center project, Schmidt said.

In 2014, the authority asked for $200,000 but received $175,000 from the county,
according to the county Finance Department. In both 2012 and 2013, the program
asked for and received $175,000 in subsidies, according to the Finance
Department.

The program has had an annual budget of about $250,000 the past three years,
Schmidt said. The bulk of the funding was $200,000 from the county with another
$30,000 from the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection for a
performance grant based on the total number of tons collected; and a $20,000
state grant for 50 percent reimbursement of state-approved expenses, Schmidt
said. But with county funding cut back the past three years, the Solid Waste
Authority has had to use its cash reserves to cover its costs for pickup of
recyclables, Schmidt said.

The program's pickup costs are expected to be higher in 2016, too, Schmidt said.

For 2015, containers that were picked up twice a week by Waste Management, the
authority's contracted recycler, cost $166.98 a month per container. To pick the
containers up three times a week it cost $250.34 a month per container, Schmidt
said. For 2016, the twice a week rate rises to $171.98 a month and the three
times a week rate rises to $260.34, she said.

The Solid Waste Authority has a board meeting Feb. 15 where cost cutting will be
discussed, Schmidt said. Some cost controls, like eliminating health insurance
for Schmidt, the authority's lone employee, were done previously.

"It's a double whammy on the program," Schmidt said if the number of drop-off
collection sites are cut around the county.

"A reduced number of sites would reduce the tonnage collected," she said. "We
get a performance grant (from the state) based on the tonnage collected."

That grant ranges between $30,000 to $34,000 annually with $33,000 received in
2015, she said.

"Plus, if a site is cut, more volume then is dropped off at another site,"
Schmidt said. "That means either an increase in the weekly number of pickups may
be needed which raises costs, or more recyclables would left outside of the bins
at the site, creating a cleanup hazard."

Each time the program's number of sites has been adjusted downward, "the phone
rings off the hook," Schmidt said.

In 2007, the program cut down to eight sites due to a combination of a state
court ruling that eliminated an administrative fee that authorities, counties
and landfills could charge as well as a drop in the price paid for recycled
materials and tonnage collected.

County commissioners agree voluntary recycling in the county is worthwhile
program, said Francis Weiderspahn Jr., chairman of county commissioners. But
rising costs is why the previous board of commissioners, which set the 2016
county budget, held off on any increase in funding, Weiderspahn said.
Weiderspahn was a member of the previous county commissioner board.

"The board asked that they try to level out their costs," Weiderspahn said. "It
is a good service, but it's not something that's required by the county to do."

Under Act 101 of 1988, Pennsylvania required those municipalities, other than
counties, with 5,000 or more in population to have recycling. The cities of
Meadville and Titusville have their own programs.

The county's voluntary recycling program began as a fundraiser for West Mead
Township No. 1 Volunteer Fire Department in the late 1980s. The program grew
into a countywide effort and became too large for the fire department to handle.
West Mead Township assumed management.

The nonprofit WMRC Inc. and West Mead Township led a effort to build the
recycling processing facility to replace an undersized operation adjacent to the
township building, and the program was then transferred to the authority.

In 2007 the authority's own recycling processing facility in the West Mead
Industrial Park was shut down because the authority had been losing money on the
program in part due to decreases in overall tonnage, drops in commodity prices
and the elimination of some funding.

Keith Gushard can be reached at 724-6370 or by email at
kgushard@meadvilletribune.com

Where are the recycling bins?

Crawford County Solid Waste Authority has recycling bins in 11 areas of the
county. Bins are located in the boroughs of Cambridge Springs, Cochranton,
Conneautville, Conneaut Lake and Hydetown; and the townships of Hayfield, Pine,
Randolph, Richmond, Sparta and West Mead.

Crawford County's voluntary recycling program collected 1,052 tons of material
in 2013; 1,080 tons in 2014 and 1,284 tons in 2015.

___ (c)2016 The Meadville Tribune (Meadville, Pa.) Visit The Meadville Tribune
(Meadville, Pa.) at meadvilletribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160120-XM-Reduced-funding-could-lead-to-drop-off-site-cuts-to-county-s-recycli
ng-program-0120-20160120

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XM


                      Copyright 2016 The Meadville Tribune


                              821 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            April 9, 2014 Wednesday

Prevention of Persistent Organic Pollutants in Okalongo Settlement Area

LENGTH: 400  words


Project Number: NAM/SGP/OP5/Y3/CORE/CH/13/08
Country: Namibia
Area Of Work: Chemicals
Operational Phase: Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 5,000.00
Start Date: 1/2014
End Date: 6/2014
Status: Not active yet
Project Description: The project aims at creating the awareness on solid waste
management within the Onandjaba Settlement in the Okalongo Constituency, to
encourage the community to collect solid waste within their settlement and make
use of the identify dumpsite. They will be encouraged to make use of the
dustbins or drums for varies collected waste in order to keep their environment
clean.


Grantee: Liyufa Komalombwelo Support Group
Organisation Mission : For GEF SGP, the community-based approach is the
cornerstone for addressing local and global environmental and
sustainable development challenges. SGP provides grants to civil society
organizations (CSOs), notably national and local non-governmental
organizations (NGOs), community-based organizations (CBOs), and indigenous
peoples organizations. SGP grantees may also include other
not-for-profit organizations such as professional associations, unions and other
civil society groups.
By enabling a direct connection between sustainable livelihoods and the
generation of local and global livelihoods, SGP empowers
communities to act and participate in their own development and hence ensures
community ownership and impact. Over the course of the last
20 years, SGP has provided grants to over 12,000 grantees with 64 percent of
grants channeled to NGOs, 34 percent to CBOs, and 2 percent
to other not-for-profit organizations. More than 60 percent of projects have
directly benefitted communities either through direct grants to
CBOs or through other NGOs and CSOs working with communities.
Project Partner :
GEF Secretariat
1818 H Street, NW, Mail Stop P4-400
Washington, DC 20433 USA
Tel: (202) 473-0508
Fax: (202) 522-3240/3245
Email: secretariat@thegef.org
Project completion date : 2014-06-30 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : P.O. Box 28157, Auas Valley,
Windhoek, Africa, 9000
Attn:  Mr. Nickey Lazarus //Gaseb

Country :Namibia
Financier : Global Environment Facility (GEF),
United Nations Development Programme (UNDP),

Financier address : United Nations Development Programme
One United Nations Plaza
New York, NY 10017
Tel: +1 (212) 906-5000
Call: +1 (212) 963-1234
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              822 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 25, 2017 Saturday

Editorial analysis: Where recycling could feel EPA cuts

LENGTH: 1396  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: The State of California has issued the following news release:



  US EPAAfter he spent a good chunk of his campaign blasting the Environmental
Protection Agency, it was hardly surprising that Donald Trump would take a knife
to the EPA budget once he was actually in office. But the Trump administration's
proposed 31 percent slash last week has nevertheless raised eyebrows everywhere,
including the recycling industry.





 Under President Trump's budget blueprint, the federal environmental agency
would cut 3,200 positions from its staff, which currently numbers around 15,000.
It would also eliminate more than 50 individual EPA programs. All told, the
president wants to cut $2.6 billion from the EPA's budget.



 When it comes to funding materials recovery programs in America, most public
dollars come from state and local sources, not the U.S. EPA. But recycling and
the agency are still intimately intertwined.



 The EPA's annual solid waste report, for example, offers key information for
industry benchmarking numbers. And the agency has been critical in convening
stakeholders to develop markets for recyclable materials and put other plans
into action on a regional level. The agency has also of late served as a
powerful voice when it comes to prioritizing food waste reduction efforts and
transitioning toward a sustainable materials management mode of thinking.



 Trump's proposal is still a long way from actual implementation - Congress
ultimately determines the nation's budget, and many lawmakers on both sides of
the aisle have expressed opposition to the president's proposal. But the Trump
budget does show the depth of the administration's aims when it comes to
slimming down the agency and makes it clear that serious cuts will almost
assuredly be coming.



 What it all means for recycling is unclear, but a review of the EPA's current
touch points with U.S. materials recovery shows some of the areas where impacts
could be felt.

 Shaping larger conversation



 EPA's most visible recycling work is arguably in the realm of data analysis.
The agency publishes an annual report of nationwide recycling statistics,
providing a large amount of information on municipal solid waste generation,
landfilling, combustion and recycling.



 In recent years, the agency has begun framing the report in terms of
sustainable materials management (SMM), a concept in which the entire life cycle
of a material is taken into account when determining its environmental impact.
The agency's work in that realm has influenced recycling stakeholders. For
example, EPA's guidelines on SMM were directly cited in Waste Management's
recent decision to shift the metric the company uses to talk about materials
diversion.



 EPA's SMM efforts are not named in the budget blueprint, so it remains unclear
whether they would stay or go if the cuts moved forward. Few of the 50 programs
that would be cut are named, although one specifically identified is Energy
Star, an energy efficiency program that, among other services, educates the
public on hard-to-recycle products.



 It's important to note, however, that discussions of SMM often take place
within the larger context of climate change. SMM talking points almost always
include details on the way smarter materials choices can lead to fewer
greenhouse emissions. EPA's recent collaboration with the U.S. Department of
Agriculture to set the nation's first food waste reduction goals also used
global warming concerns as a rationale for action.



 Given the Trump administration's determination so far to pull the plug on any
federal initiatives aimed at mitigating climate change, it seems unlikely that
SMM or other initiatives would continue to gain support from leading officials
if the projects have strong ties to climate-related strategy. For a few years at
least, those who want to keep SMM as part of the national strategy may need to
pivot and frame the concept in terms of job development and economics.

 Behind-the-scenes player



 Besides its SMM efforts, another key EPA role in the wider recycling ecosystem
is one of matchmaker.



 EPA often works behind-the-scenes in the industry to foster recycling market
development and to bring together industry stakeholders to share information and
build relationships. The agency hosts webinars featuring industry experts to
discuss current issues. EPA also regularly collaborates with recycling industry
organizations such as The Recycling Partnership. The two recently teamed up to
study the state of curbside recycling programs nationwide.



 Furthermore, EPA was instrumental in bringing about electronics recycling
certification.



 Fostering industry connectivity is part of the agency's "voluntary" efforts,
which are distinct from regulatory requirements (writing regulations, enforcing
standards and other activities tied to environmental laws). And it's the
voluntary side that seems most likely feel the brunt of any cuts that do
actually make it into a final budget.



 If approved, the proposed cuts would mean the agency would be operating at just
two-thirds of its staffing level from 17 years ago. Although its budget has
increased about $540 million overall since 2000, the agency has lost nearly
3,000 employees in the same period of time, and the cuts described in the budget
blueprint would bring staffing down to roughly 12,000 total employees. The New
York Times recently demonstrated that when adjusted for inflation, the EPA's
budget under the Trump proposal would be its lowest ever.



 If an EPA office suddenly has a notably shrunken staff but still has a list of
regulatory requirements that must be met, it seems logical that initiatives like
market development and convening of stakeholders would be left on the back
burner.

 Effects on research and grant funding



 In some ways, EPA money does directly flow into materials recovery efforts.
Those funds are relatively minor, but they are currently under threat.



 The Trump budget would cut funding to EPA's Office of Research and Development
by about 48 percent, or $233 million. ORD operates the National Risk Management
Research Laboratory (NRMRL) in Cincinnati, which has supported recycling
research.



 "ORD would prioritize activities that support decision-making related to core
environmental statutory requirements, as opposed to extramural activities, such
as providing STAR (Science to Achieve Results) grants," according to the budget
blueprint.



 The STAR grant program in part funds Small Business Innovation Research grants,
according to EPA, which are sometimes used for recycling research.



 At least one area of agency funding appears safe under the budget proposal. The
blueprint indicates EPA's state revolving funds program, which provides states
with funding primarily for water and wastewater infrastructure projects, would
be funded at $2.3 billion. That sum is actually a slight increase over its
fiscal year 2017 level.



 As Vice notes, this suggests the administration's intent is to cut EPA's
in-house programs and enforcement activities, rather than to ax funding that is
handed down to state, local and tribal governments.



 But categorical grants, on the other hand, would be cut substantially. The
funds are provided to states for specifically defined uses, and would be cut by
45 percent, down to $597 million.



 Still, reductions in grant funding may not mean a massive hit for solid waste
programs, as the EPA's solid waste grants are a relatively small part of the
agency's budget. Mike Giuranna, an EPA Region 3 solid waste specialist in
Philadelphia, said his regional office awarded $65,000 in grant funds last year.
That number has fluctuated widely over the years, up to about $300,000 at one
time.



 Giuranna, who has worked at the EPA for 33 years, emphasized that the cuts are
only at the proposed stage. Although he noted there were environmental activists
demonstrating outside an EPA office a couple weeks ago based on the anticipated
cuts to the agency, he did not describe the proposal as unprecedented. Large
cuts were proposed during the Reagan administration, and again in 1995 when
Republicans gained control of both the House and the Senate.



 "I've seen it go up and down," Giuranna said. "I think a lot of people just
deal with what we get."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              823 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Coal Valley News, Madison, W.Va.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          December 18, 2013 Wednesday

Boone County Commission receives large grants

BYLINE: Fred Pace, Coal Valley News, Madison, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 613 words


Dec. 18--MADISON -- The Boone County Commission was notified of two very large
grants during its regular session meeting Tuesday, Dec. 17, 2013, at the new
judicial annex of the Boone County Courthouse in Madison.

The Boone County Solid Waste Authority received a $52,080 grant to purchase fuel
for recycling trucks, baling wire, promotional items, recycling bags, office
supplies and to assist with personnel, utilities and conference attendance for
the ongoing county-wide program.

County Solid Waste Authority Director Rick Kirk presented the commission with a
certificate acknowledging the large grant award. Boone County Economic
Development Director Larry Lodato applied for the grant on behalf of the county
and was also present during the presentation ceremony.

West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection Cabinet Secretary Randy
Huffman awarded grants worth $2 million to 40 recipients today through the REAP
(Rehabilitation Environmental Action Plan) Recycling Assistance Grants program
statewide.

Secretary Huffman presented the 2014 grants during a ceremony at the DEP's
Charleston headquarters. Grants were awarded to state solid waste authorities,
county commissions, municipalities, private industries and nonprofit
organizations.

Funding for the grant program is generated through the $1 assessment fee per ton
of solid waste disposed at in-state landfills and is provided by West Virginia
Code 22-15A-19(h) (1).

Lodato also announced that the county received a $33,000 grant to renovate the
old Ellis Department Store building the county now owns into a new Day Report
Center and other county judicial needs.

Lodato said state Senators representing Boone County, Ron Stollings and Art
Kirkendoll, informed him last week that the county had been awarded the grant.

At the last county commission meeting, Boone County Circuit Judge William
Thompson and Chief Probation Officer Jerrry Swanson had approached the
commission about the need for more space for the county's judicial staff.

Also at the last county commission meeting, Lodato announced to the commission
three other new grants the county has been awarded.

The WV Courthouse Facilities Improvement Authority awarded a $80,080 grant for
installation of an automatic fire sprinkler system on the 1st and 2nd floors of
the courthouse.

A previous grant of $100,000 was awarded for a sprinkler system in the basement
of the courthouse.

The 1st and 10 Foundation awarded the county a $15,000 grant for the Boone
County Amphitheater project at Water Ways Park.

The West Virginia Development Office approved a grant request in the amount of
$31,008, which must be matched with local funds, for economic development
activities and carrying out a comprehensive program of economic development in
Boone County.

In other county commission news, the county unanimously agreed to finalize the
transfer of the Boone Memorial Hospital and secure the hospital's $31 million
U.S.D.A. loan to build a new facility. A reverter placed in the deed when the
change was made from the county to the newly formed non-profit hospital group
needed to be removed to allow the U.S.D.A. first lien position on the loan. That
subordinate agreement was signed by the county and hospital officials during the
commission's meeting.

The county also unanimously approved a quick deed transfer claim to transfer a
20-foot strip of property to the hospital.

Hospital officials said a ground-breaking ceremony on the new hospital was
tentatively scheduled for the first week in February 2014.

___ (c)2013 the Coal Valley News (Madison, W.Va.) Visit the Coal Valley News
(Madison, W.Va.) at www.coalvalleynews.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131218-1WV-Boone-County-Commission-receives-large-grants-1218-20131218

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1WV


                Copyright 2013 Coal Valley News, Madison, W.Va.


                              824 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 2, 2013 Wednesday

Oregon: Federal government shutdown wouldn't have immediate impacts at Metro

LENGTH: 334  words

DATELINE: Salem


City of Metro, The State of Oregon has issued the following news release:

An impending shutdown of the federal government won't immediately impact Metro's
operations, regional government officials said Monday, but a protracted shutdown
could pose problems.

Metro's consumer-level operations - its regionally-managed solid waste systems,
natural areas, parks, golf course, cemeteries and visitor venues - won't see any
direct impacts from a closure of the federal government.

"While we do receive some federal grant funds, none of those funds are due in
the next few months," said Jim Desmond, director of Metro's Sustainability
Center. "We are fortunate that the vast majority of our funding is local, coming
either from the generous support of the voters of the region who passed both a
bond measure and an operating levy to support our work in protecting natural
areas, or in the case of solid waste and recycling programs, from the solid
waste regional system fees."

A shutdown could pose some headaches for Metro's planning department but
probably wouldn't affect operations.

Metro has $6.7 million in federal grants in its budget for the current fiscal
year, which runs from July 1, 2013 to June 30, 2014. That's about 10 percent of
all of Metro's general fund revenues. About 45 percent of the revenue for
Metro's planning and research departments comes from federal grants.

A memo released by the U.S. Department of Transportation indicated that in the
event of a shutdown, grant funding could be cut off.

"No grants, cooperative agreements, contracts, purchase orders, travel
authorizations, or other documents obligating funds would be executed," said the
memo, dated Sept. 27.

Typically, Metro is reimbursed from the federal government for grant-funded work
that's already complete, periodically sending reports detailing grant-funded
work before taking the reimbursement. The next such reimbursement is tentatively
planned for mid-October.

For further information please visit: http://news.oregonmetro.gov

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              825 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          September 9, 2010, Thursday

Approaching landfill electronic ban sparks recycling push

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P3A

LENGTH: 433 words


An upcoming ban on the disposal of electronic equipment in West Virginia
landfills has state and local agencies looking to create recycling programs.

Beginning Jan. 1, televisions, computers and electronic devices with video
screens 4 inches and larger cannot be put in landfills.

The Legislature approved the ban earlier this year at the urging of bill sponsor
Sen. Karen Facemyer, R-Jackson.

"The driving force was to make sure we get rid of it responsibly," Facemyer
said. "When that stuff is dumped in a landfill, it's always going to be in there
just as it was the day it was dumped."

The state Solid Waste Management Board says the agency is working with groups to
develop diversion plans for electronics.

"We've tried to, as we develop this, get as many voices as we can," said Carol
Throckmorton, with the board. "It's still in creation stage. We are moving
along, moving along, but we don't have anything on line at this point."

The board has been working since 2002 to divert electronic scrap from landfills
through various collection efforts, mostly occurring through collection drives
that take place in counties once or twice a year.

According to the board, 7.3 million pounds of electronic scrap has been
collected through various drives since 2002.

Electronic devices can contain toxic metals and flame-retardant additives, and
present a problem for recyclers.

However, even when the plastic is separated, re-processors have had difficulty
reusing the material. Most plastics used in electronic devices contain
flame-retardant additives - such as bromine and chlorine - which can degrade
when the plastic is reprocessed.

Currently, there are only two West Virginia-based firms that specialize in
sorting and deconstructing electronic waste: Afterlife Electronics in Elizabeth
and PC Renewal in Morgantown.

The state Department of Environmental Protection currently maintains the Covered
Electronic Devices Grant Program, which provides up to $40,000 to assist
municipalities in electronic scrap recovery efforts.

Last fiscal year, the grant supplied more than $273,000 to several cities and
county solid waste authorities for collection efforts.

While the final details have not been finalized with regard to exactly where the
scrap will go, Facemyer said the legislation was intended to encourage the
market for properly disposing of potentially hazardous materials.

"We're trying to develop the local market for recycling," she said.

AP photo

Kanawha County Solid Waste Authority executive director Norm Steenstra displays
electronic waste the authority has accepted recently.

- the associated press

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers


                              826 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            December 11, 2016 Sunday

UK Intellectual Property Office grants trade mark "electrical waste" to
Electrical Waste Recycling Group Limited

LENGTH: 141 words

DATELINE: New York



 London:  Electrical Waste Recycling Group Limited, has been granted trademark
(UK00003199436) titled as "electrical waste" from the UK Intellectual Property
Office.





  Status: Registered



 Class/es:    Class 39

     Collection and transportation services; collection, transportation and
disposal of waste; operation of waste collection points.

 Class 40

     Waste management, waste recovery, waste treatment and recycling services;
management, recovery, treatment and recycling of waste including hazardous
waste; secure asset disposal; data erasure and secure disposal of devices
carrying electronic information.



 Filing Date:   29 November 2016



 Date of registration: 9 December 2016



 Representative name:  Marks & Clerk LLP



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              827 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                     June 11, 2003 Wednesday, ALL EDITIONS

House panel backs renewable energy;
 Subsidy for trash-to-energy industry

BYLINE: John J. Monahan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 672 words

DATELINE: BOSTON



- The House Energy Committee yesterday advanced a bill to spend more renewable
energy development funds to subsidize the trash-to-energy industry, saying it
would reduce trash disposal costs to communities using incinerators.

The legislation would extend another $8 million in grants from the state
Renewable Energy Trust Fund to offset costs of incineration.

Four years ago the Legislature approved use of $50 million from the fund to help
pay for new emission control equipment to reduce mercury and other emissions
from the plants.

Robert J. Fiore, assistant to the commissioner of the Department of Public Works
in Worcester, said some trash-to-energy companies, including
Wheelabrator-Millbury, have not fully paid for the retrofits and the additional
costs would be passed on to user communities.

Failure to extend the grants beyond their initial $50 million limit during the
next three years, he said, would result in an estimated $200,000 assessment
against the city to cover the remaining upgrade costs.

Environmentalists objected to the plan, saying that trash-to-energy plants do
not meet the definition of renewal technology and subsidies for trash burning
plants would be a disincentive to more recycling.

But committee Chairman John J. Binienda, D-Worcester, said extension of
authorization to use the funds to subsidize trash-to-energy plants would help
communities facing extremely tight budgets. ''If we don't do it, it will lead to
higher tip fees,'' the per-ton cost paid for municipal trash disposal.

Mr. Fiore said the additional grants would make a difference, especially with
the city facing a 25 percent hike in the new five-year contract for curbside
recycling collections with Waste Management Inc.

John McNabb, of Clean Water Action, however, said the renewable energy trust
funds, aimed at developing new renewable energy sources in the state was not
intended to provide continuing subsidies to trash incinerators. The funds are
generated by a monthly fee on residential electric bills.

Another bill approved by the committee would revise the state's renewable energy
portfolio standards to allow utilities to count electricity bought from
trash-burning plants toward required purchases of a portion of their power from
renewable sources.

''We are troubled by calling trash incinerators renewable energy sources. They
are dirty, emit dioxin and mercury and lead ... We think it is an inappropriate
use of the funds,'' Mr. McNabb said. The funds, he said, are intended to develop
renewable sources such as wind and solar energy, and fuel cell technology, not
facilities that are harmful to the environment.

''If this passes, it could become a permanent subsidy for incinerators and would
be a disincentive to recycling,'' he said.

MassPIRG also contends the trash plants should not be considered renewable
energy sources. That group said that people paying into the renewable energy
fund should not be told they are supporting renewable energy if the money is
being used to cover the cost of trash disposal for communities.

In a related matter, Mr. Binienda and state Rep. John P. Fresolo, D-Worcester,
also a member of the Energy Committee, yesterday announced two local energy
grants awarded from the Renewable Energy trust fund.

The Lutheran Home of Worcester, a housing and nursing service for the elderly,
and Greentech Housing, a modular housing manufacturer in Worcester each received
$20,000 grants.

Greentech will use the money for a feasibility study focusing on ways to begin
using photovoltaic systems and other energy efficiency measures in the
construction of modular homes.

Once the study is completed, Greentech intends to work in collaboration with the
Main South Community Development Corp. to build affordable energy efficient test
homes as part of a large new affordable housing construction project in the
Kilby-Gardner streets area of the city.

The Lutheran Home will use its grant to develop plans for energy efficient
renovations.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2003 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              828 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                           August 13, 2015, Thursday

DEP could give Kanawha $500K;
Money would be used to help rebuild county's wounded recycling program

BYLINE: Rachel Molenda, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1C

LENGTH: 531 words


The West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection plans to assist the
Kanawha County Solid Waste Authority in that agency's effort to redevelop its
recycling program.

DEP environmental advocate Wendy Radcliff said the state agency is looking at
its discretionary funds "to see if there's any opportunities that we can be able
to assist the county in receiving, purchasing equipment or doing what needs to
be done on site to get an adequate program up and running.

"We see this as kind of an emergency need because of . . . the situation that
the county was left in, Radcliff said.

Kanawha County's recycling program has been left in the lurch since last year,
when George Hunyadi, owner of West Virginia Recycling Services, bailed on a
joint agreement to operate the Slack Street recycling center. Hunyadi took most
of the equipment with him and the building has since between torn down.

Drop-off recycling continues at the site, but Kanawha County and municipalities
like Charleston that have relied on the facility have been transporting
recyclables to the Raleigh County Solid Waste Authority.

DEP Secretary Randy Huffman said the county's past challenges with operating a
recycling program will have to be overcome.

"We were concerned about allocating state resources to an entity that has
historically not been managed very well, Huffman said. "We have a commitment
that they're going to change how they do business.

Huffman said the assistance could be as much as $500,000.

James Young, director of the Kanawha solid waste authority, said he plans to
present a proposal to the DEP at the authority's meeting Tuesday. The solid
waste authority has developed a five-year business plan for the pending new
facility, at the DEP's request, and Young said the proposal outlines what the
agency might ask for.

"I think that the DEP just wants to make sure that whatever funds they do give
to us are going to be spent in a wise manner and we're not going to have
problems in two years, shutting down, Young said.

Young would not give details on the proposal because the final draft has not yet
been approved by the solid waste authority board. The authority plans to apply
for a loan through the state's Solid Waste Management Board to build its new
facility and focus on equipment in its DEP proposal, he said.

"Depending on the route that it would go, [the] DEP would keep a lien on the
equipment, Radcliff said. "If it were a loan, they would not only have the loan
but also a mechanism for repayment. There'd be oversight, auditing, that kind of
stuff, in terms of money.

Radcliff said Kanawha County's situation is "unique and any money that comes
from the DEP likely would not be from its regular grant cycle.

"We recognize that, by helping out Kanawha County, other counties may be
thinking, Oh we need to go and get a pot, some of that money,' Radcliff said.
"There may be a potential there, but that's not what we're doing right now.
We're not just opening the floodgates for a whole new grant program.

The Kanawha solid waste board meets Tuesday at 10 a.m. at 600 Slack St.,
Charleston.

Reach Rachel Molenda at rachel.molenda@wvgazette.com, 304-348-5102 or follow
@rachelmolenda on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers


                              829 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              WALL STREET JOURNAL

                            August 11, 1997, Monday

WASTE MANAGEMENT CEO'S PAY PACKAGE MAY BE A WINNER EVEN IF FIRM ISN'T

BYLINE: BY JEFF BAILEY

SECTION: Section B; Page 2, Column 3

LENGTH: 43 words


Waste Management Inc grants CEO Ronald T LeMay a $1.5 million yearly salary, a
$1 million guaranteed bonus for 1997 and options to buy four million of its
shares, making him one of the highest paid executives if he can turn Waste
Management around (M)

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

              Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              830 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             July 1, 2010 Thursday

Energy to be generated from waste CM seeks USAID help in education

LENGTH: 994  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, July 01 -- CHIEF Minister Punjab Mian Shahbaz Sharif has said the Punjab
government is working on a comprehensive project of solid waste management in
cities and generation of energy from waste.

He said the provision of potable water to people was top priority of the
government for which record funds had been allocated. He said that an agreement
was being signed with Istanbul Municipality on solid waste management in Lahore
which would bring about a visible change in the sanitary system in the
provincial metropolis. He said that apart from middle and long-term policies in
the sector, optimum utilisation of available resources would have to be ensured
for improving the existing situation.

He was giving a briefing to Pakistan Muslim League-N Quaid Mian Nawaz Sharif
about measures taken by the Punjab government for providing civic amenities to
people of the province at the Chief Minister's Secretariat on Tuesday. The chief
minister said the Punjab government was utilising all possible resources for the
rapid development of the province as well as providing basic amenities to the
citizens. He said that special attention was being paid to Solid Waste
Management and provision of potable water to the people.

He said there was a need to mobilise the existing workforce immediately which
was drawing salaries of billions of rupees without showing satisfactory
performance. He directed that staff of the Solid Waste Management Department
should immediately be withdrawn from residences of officers and be utilised for
providing a better environment to people. He said the government was determined
to making solid waste management an active and vibrant institution by
eradicating corruption, negligence and politics.

US AID: American Consul General in Lahore Carmella Conroy and Incharge US AID
Programme in Punjab Julie Koenen Grant called on Punjab Chief Minister Muhammad
Shahbaz Sharif at the Chief Minister's Secretariat here on Tuesday and discussed
the cooperation of USAID Programme for the improvement of education sector in
the province. The Planning & Development chairman, the Higher Education
secretary and the Schools secretary were also present.

The chief minister said that the Punjab government had given top priority to the
uplift of education sector and taken revolutionary measures for this purpose, as
the dream of progress and prosperity could not be achieved without promotion of
education.

He said that technical education was the lifeline of Pakistan and TEVTA had been
revitalized for the promotion of vocational education in the province and record
funds had been allocated for the development of the sector. He said that
measures were being taken on priority basis for modernizing the syllabus of
technical education, training of teachers and provision of modern equipment to
vocational institutes and services of Turkish experts were being acquired for
this purpose. He said that the Punjab Educational Endowment Fund has been set up
in the province first time in the history of the country for providing financial
assistance to the students facing economic problems and an amount of Rs.2
billion would be further added to the fund from the first of July, increasing
the total amount of the fund to Rs.6 billion. He said that scholarships were
being awarded from the fund to the male and female students studying at
prestigious public and private sector educational institutions. He said that
setting up of IT Labs in 4286 high schools of the province was another
revolutionary measure of the government which was helping boy and girl students
from Attock to Rahim Yar Khan gain modern knowledge and the latest information
about the changing global scenario. He said that the project had been completed
in a record period of time and in a highly transparent manner, with the
cooperation of international companies.

Planning & Development chairman Javed Aslam has played a commendable role in
this regard, he said, adding that that the government was extending the scope of
IT Lab project to eight thousand middle schools for the benefit of the students.
He urged the US AID to cooperate with the Punjab government in the
implementation of this project as it would leave a far-reaching impact on the
development of education sector. He said that the project would be completed in
a transparent manner. He said that the model of IT lab was available and the US
AID should consider establishment of IT labs in middle schools on the same
pattern. He said that government was also paying special attention to the
provision of missing facilities in schools which had been neglected in the past.

The CM said that the government was taking effective measures for the
elimination of poverty and unemployment and a number of welfare programmes had
been initiated for the purpose. He said that the promotion of technical
education could help overcome poverty and unemployment. He said that the
government had initiated Sasti Roti scheme for the benefit of the poor and Sasti
Roti Tandoors had been set up in industrial areas, low-income localities,
railway stations and bus stands from which millions of deserving persons were
benefiting.

He said that flaws in Sasti Roti scheme had been removed and an effective
monitoring system had been evolved to ensure proper utilization of funds. He
said that the scheme was aimed at the welfare of the common man as any amount of
progress would be meaningless if basic needs of the people were not met. He also
appreciated the role of US AID programme in the development of the province.

Incharge US AID Progamme assured the CM that cooperation for setting up IT Labs
in middle schools will be considered. She said that the US AID was working with
the Punjab government for the uplift of education and other sector in the
provinc Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For
more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              831 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           October 31, 1992, Saturday

ELECTION 92' Loan program would help build waste facilities Local governments
would benefit

BYLINE: By Rebecca McCarthy STAFF WRITERfinances; voting; government;
development; Georgia; facilities; wastes; public

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section B; Page 6

LENGTH: 362 words


With new federal regulations a year away on building and operating landfills,
Georgia's local governments are scrambling for money to pay the expected
expensive costs of reducing and managing solid waste.

And many are coming up empty-handed, because neither the state nor the federal
government has grants or loans for such use. Unable to afford facilities that
can meet federal standards, a number of city and county governments are expected
to get out of the waste business and turn over to private, for-profit companies
what has been a public service.

On Tuesday, Georgians will vote on Amendment 4, a referendum that would change
the state Constitution to set up a funding mechanism to give two or more local
governments a financial incentive to work together to design and operate
recycling, composting and disposal facilities. The program is administered by
the Georgia Environmental Facilities Authority (GEFA)

"This is the funding tool that should have been in the 1990 Solid Waste
Management Act," said Ross King of the Association County Commissioners of
Georgia (ACCG). "The law is only as good as the implementation and the financing
plan."

The measure has received the endorsements of ACCG, the League of Women Voters,
the Georgia Conservancy, the Georgia Municipal Association and the Sierra Club.

Allows state-backed bonds

The amendment will allow state-backed bonds to finance solid-waste facilities,
much as they are for water and sewer facilities.

"GEFA will pass the state's interest rate onto the city and counties for solid
waste, just as we do for water and sewer," said James Thompson, GEFA project
development specialist. "It's much less expensive than a local bond issue."

Although the amendment doesn't let voters directly decide whether their city or
county should take out a loan, Mr. Thompson insists that the public isn't
excluded from the process.

Before GEFA will consider a loan application, the local government must have a
long-range solid-waste management plan approved by the state Department of
Community Affairs. Built into the process of designing those plans are
opportunities for public participation and comment.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH923110199

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              832 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                           August 10, 2002, Saturday

Waste Management back in profit pattern

SECTION: BUSINESS Pg. 6; BUSINESS; C

LENGTH: 532 words


Half-year summary

Waste Management NZ interim unaudited result for six months ended June 30.

..........................................2002.................2001.............
Chge

.........................................$ 000.................$
000..................%

Revenue....................78,184...............68,872.............+13.5

Pre-tax profit..............11,506...............10,919..............+5.4

Tax.................................4,907..................4,245

A/tax profit....................6,599...............6,674 1

Cash flow:

Operations.................21,154................19,129..............+10

Investments.............(12,548)...............(9,646)

Financing.....................(8,199)...............(9,980)

............................................(407)..................(497)

.

Waste Management NZ is back on track with a higher interim profit and an
expected 10 per cent rise for the full year.

The company yesterday reported an after-tax profit of $ 6.92 million for the six
months ended June 30, a 3% lift on last year.

Chairman Alton Jamieson was confident that second-half trading would be stronger
again, with an annual profit at or above $ 14.5m, compared with $ 13.1m last
time.

Finance director Grant Tietjens said a partial recovery of margins in Auckland
was important, and many other businesses performed strongly. Growth in sales and
earnings in the nationwide waste collection business had offset the loss of
Auckland City Council collection contracts.

Mr Tietjens said Waste Management had returned to the growth pattern existing
before last year's profit dip.

Earnings were also achieved on the new Australian acquisitions, in Brisbane and
Melbourne, against a small start-up loss last year.

The operating margin was 18% over all.

Mr Tietjens said Australia was operating on budget. The company looked very
closely at another acquisition, which would have taken it into the New South
Wales market, but did not proceed because of concerns over the long-term revenue
streams. He said directors would not make a purchase just for the sake of
buying.

Since balance date, a 15-year contract collection and recycling contract with
Hamilton city has started, and the Timaru business has also been expanded.

Waste Management is a partner in the Kate Valley landfill project in Canterbury.
This has been swamped with objections and Mr Tietjens said the joint venture
accepted the consent process would go to appeal, with a final decision unlikely
until late next year. The group was confident of achieving the consents, and
having the landfill open by the end of 2004.

Earnings a share for the half year were 7c, up from 6.8c. At balance date the
net tangible asset backing was 76.1c, compared with 75c earlier. Shares rose 13c
to 325.

The ratio of debt to debt plus equity was 37%, with borrowings at 21%, giving
the group scope to finance further expansion. Operating cash flow rose 10% to $
21.1m, with cash from customers up 13% at $ 79.4m, and payments to suppliers and
staff up 14% at $ 53.1m.

The interim dividend will be a steady 2.5c a share, with full imputation
credits.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2002 Fairfax New Zealand


                              833 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                            September 4, 2006 Monday

US supports RP coastal tourism projects

SECTION: Pg. S4/4

LENGTH: 441 words


The United States Agency for International Development (USAID) has extended
funding for the Sustainable Coastal Tourism in Asia (Philippines), or SCOTIA
project, which aims to strengthen local capability at six project sites to
manage in partnership with the private sector their marine and coastal ecosystem
in order to protect their tourism value. The project is implemented by the Louis
Berger Group, Inc.

In the selected sites - Panglao Island in Bohol, Mactan and Moalboal in Cebu,
Puerto Galera in Oriental Mindoro, Balayan Bay in Batangas, and El Nido in
Palawan - SCOTIA assists stakeholders in technical training, facilitation of
working group discussions, formation and capacity-building of citizen groups,
provision and creation of educational materials, and creation of alliances with
government and civic partners.

Its areas of intervention are management of coastal resources, solid waste,
sanitation and sewage, and cleaner production techniques.

Barangay Maligaya in El Nido, Palawan is an example of SCOTIA's success in
spurring growth through community empowerment and political will. With SCOTIA's
Waste Analysis and Characterization Study (WACS) training, the residents
practiced segregation and brought their residual waste down to 35%, with the
rest of the waste reused or recycled.

Meanwhile, the barangay officials boosted the community's Solid Waste Management
(SWM) program by conducting public hearings and educational campaigns, reviewing
and updating ordinances, organizing junk shops, and overseeing segregated
collection. Further, Barangay Maligaya started conducting segregated waste
collection for three other barangays.

With Maligaya's example, SCOTIA assisted the El Nido municipal government in
drawing up its own SWM initiatives: WACS and cleanups in the other barangays, a
10-year SWM Plan, a Municipal SWM Code, an SWM Board, and fund allocation for
SWM purposes.

In October last year, SCOTIA facilitated the organization of the Tarabiangan Ang
Maerintek na Manigisda sa Dipnay (Small Fishermen's Group in Dipnay), or TMMD,
in Barangay San Fernando, El Nido.

Prior to the group's formation, the barangay had no community-based organization
that managed its existing marine protected area (MPA) and its other coastal
resources.

SCOTIA facilitated discussions, lessons, and training on MPA management, after
which it awarded a grant contract to the TMMD to finance a guard house, patrol
boat, education materials, and other requirements.

The grant will be matched by a counterpart fund from the El Nido municipal
government.

For more information on the SCOTIA project in other provinces, log on to
www.scotiaphilippines.org.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2006 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              834 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                      East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Arizona)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 9, 2015 Thursday

Chandler receives check to support recycling program

BYLINE: Daniel Ochoa, East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Ariz.)

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 376 words


July 09--The city of Chandler was presented with a $10,000 check to fund the
purchase of a roll-off container and four 300-gallon receptacles, for a new
special events recycling program.

The city's Solid Waste Services Division intends to use the 300-gallon
containers at special events to collect items such as paper, plastic bottles,
aluminum cans.

The roll-off container will be ised to collect cardboard at special events.

Along with the roll-off container and four 300-gallon receptacles, colorful
decals and stickers will be applied to recycling bins in an effort to promote
and encourage recycling throughout Chandler.

"We've needed a better way to capture the tons of recyclable materials thrown
away during some of our larger events, such as those downtown, at Tumbleweed
Park and Veteran's Oasis Park," Chandler Mayor Jay Tibshraeny said in a
statement. "Having these specialized containers at our events will support the
city's efforts to divert valuable recyclables from landfills and save money."

In addition, Chandler applied for funding of the special events recycling
program through Waste Management's Think Green grant program, which goes toward
supporting projects that address community needs and encourag sustainability and
environmental stewardship, according to a release from the city.

The grant is one of 39 awards presented by Waste Management, in conjunction with
Keep America Beautiful, a non-profit organization that brings community members
together to build and sustain vibrant communities.

"As the industry leader in waste and environmental solutions, Waste Management
applauds this project as a great example of collaboration between all sectors to
focus on environmental sustainability in our community," said Mark Snedecor,
director of recycling operations for Waste Management's Four Corners area.

The collaboration between Waste Management and Keep America Beautiful is in its
ninth year. It has generated more than $1.3 million in grants.

--Contact writer: 480-898-4903 or dochoa@evtrib.com

--Check us out and like The East Valley Tribune on Facebook and EVTNow on
Twitter

___ (c)2015 East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Ariz.) Visit East Valley Tribune (Mesa,
Ariz.) at www.eastvalleytribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150709-MZ-Chandler-receives-check-to-support-recycling-program-0709-20150709

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MZ


                       Copyright 2015 East Valley Tribune


                              835 of 995 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            November 11, 2011 Friday

River Trail Project Awarded $1,000

SECTION: B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 139  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Susquehanna Gateway Heritage Area has received a $1,000 grant to mark the
14-mile Northwest Lancaster County River Trail, being built along the
Susquehanna River in five communities in Lancaster County.

The Kodak American Greenways Awards Program gave the nonprofit group the grant.

With the grant, Susquehanna Gateway will purchase a series of coordinated
wayfinding and informational signs.

Susquehanna Gateway promotes the preservation, conservation and interpretation
of the Susquehanna's cultural and natural heritage in Lancaster and York
counties.

Partners in the trail are Columbia Borough, Conoy and East Donegal townships,
Lancaster County Planning Commission, county Parks and Recreation Department,
Lancaster County Solid Waste Management Authority, Marietta Borough and the
state Department of Conservation and Natural Resources.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              836 of 995 DOCUMENTS


              St. Charles County Business Record (St. Charles, MO)

                             April 30, 2007 Monday

O'Fallon gets recycling grant

BYLINE: Business Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 132  words


O'Fallon's Environmental Services Department is the recipient of a $31,250
matching grant from the St. Louis-Jefferson Solid Waste Management District. The
District Waste Reduction and Recycling Grant, which was submitted in February
2007, is earmarked for recycling containers to be stationed in O'Fallon city
parks, with the district providing $25,000 and O'Fallon providing the remainder
$6,250. Recycling is economically beneficial to O'Fallon residents, according to
a city news release, because it helps lower the resident's trash collection
bills. The city sells recyclables for $15.15 per ton, but pays $26.89 to send
refuse to a landfill. The annual grant program funds are provided through a
$2.11 surcharge per ton on waste disposed of in Missouri's sanitary and
demolition landfills.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              837 of 995 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            August 11, 2011 Thursday

Grant Will Help Firm Build Plant In Conoy;
The $50 Million Soybean-Processing Facility Would Produce Soybean Meal For
Livestock Feed And Soybean Oil For Use In Foods And Fuel For Vehicles.

BYLINE: Ad Crable

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 550  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Staff Writer

Perdue AgriBusiness officials said they expect to build a $50 million
soybean-crushing plant in Conoy Township now that Gov. Tom Corbett has
authorized an $8.75 million grant originally promised by former Gov. Ed Rendell.

"With this support from the commonwealth of Pennsylvania, we plan to seek final
approval from our board of directors to move forward with the plant," said Dick
Willey, president of Perdue AgriBusiness, one of a number of businesses owned by
the Perdue family. The Salisbury, Md., company is not owned by Perdue Foods, the
poultry giant.

Willey said he hoped the project would "move forward very quickly."

Perdue and the Lancaster County Solid Waste Management Authority have been
negotiating a deal for the project to be built on 65 acres of former farmland
the authority owns along Route 441, adjacent to the county waste-to-energy
incinerator.

James Warner, chief executive officer for the waste authority, welcomed the
news.

"The authority is thrilled to be partnering with such a reputable company as
Perdue AgriBusiness," he said. "A key factor in Perdue's choice for the location
of their new plant was to build near a renewable energy source, like the
authority's waste-to-energy facility."

Along with the property, the authority has offered to sell Perdue its surplus
steam from the incinerator.

The site twice has been considered for distilleries for corn ethanol fuel, but
neither project got off the ground.

The land is zoned industrial, which allows agricultural-support businesses as a
permitted use.

The plant would take a year to build and generate several hundred construction
jobs, Perdue said in a statement issued Wednesday. Once built, it would require
35 to 50 permanent workers.

Willey said farmers will see benefits from an increased demand for local
soybeans.

"It would directly affect over 2,500 Pennsylvania farm families and indirectly
affect 5,500 additional farmers," he said.

The soybean-processing facility would produce soybean meal for livestock feed
and soybean oil for use in foods and fuel for vehicles.

Perdue currently has three soybean-crushing facilities, one each in Maryland,
Virginia and North Carolina.

When Perdue announced last year it was considering building a facility in
southcentral Pennsylvania last year, several possible sites emerged, including
one in York County.

Key to the project's success was an $8.75 million grant under the state's
Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program that Gov. Rendell approved during the
last months of his administration.

Corbett, however, in February put a hold on hundreds of grants Rendell had
authorized.

In the last two months of his term in office, Rendell approved more than $500
million in grants for more than 380 projects.

Corbett and his senior advisers said they would review the grants against a
background of looming budget deficits and criticism of how the grants were
approved.

A review of each grant was made by the Governor's Office of the Budget.

In a letter dated Aug. 3, Charles Zogby, secretary of the Office of the Budget,
notified the Lancaster Economic Development Authority that Corbett had approved
the grant for the "agricultural support facility in Lancaster County."

Perdue AgriBusiness is ranked among the largest grain companies in the United
States.

acrable@lnpnews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              838 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 11, 2010 Friday

In-house recycling should be a reality this year or next

BYLINE: Evan Belanger, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 350 words


Jun. 11--Work crews conducting site preparations for Decatur's recycling center
at the Morgan County Regional Landfill should complete the job within weeks,
Recycling Coordinator Emily Johnson said Thursday.

The announcement marks the latest in the city's effort to bring its recycling
program in-house late this year or early next year.

While the city currently pays Allied Waste Services to run its curbside
recycling program, officials hope to save money by moving it in-house.

They say that will allow them to better control expenses. It will also let the
city sell recyclable material it collects.

"After seven years of waiting, things are progressing swiftly," Johnson said.

Her statement comes after the City Council approved a measure Monday to hire
Fite Building Co. of Decatur to construct the center at a cost of $447,627.

The council also voted Monday to purchase recycling equipment for the center
from New Jersey-based Bruce Moo-ney Associates for $812,429.

In January, the city purchased four automated trucks for the program for
$687,928. That cost was offset by a $553,900 federal stimulus grant.

Johnson said she expects the city will receive a $30,000 to $40,000 grant from
the Alabama Department of Environmental Management.

According to Landfill Director Ricky Terry, city officials project the total
cost will be about $3.2 million.

All funds for the project will come from grants or revenues generated at the
landfill.

Johnson said bidders awarded contracts this week should receive their
notification letters by today. The city has not yet issued specifications for
the 64-gallon recycling contai-ners that will replace the smaller curbside
containers in use across the city.

To see more of The Decatur Daily, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.decaturdaily.com Copyright (c) 2010, The Decatur Daily, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20100611-DD-In-house-recycling-should-be-a-reality-this-year-or-next-0611

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2010 The Decatur Daily


                              839 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                           December 22, 2012 Saturday

In bid to enforce Waste Management Act, secy-led team inspects hospitals

LENGTH: 506 words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, Dec. 22 -- The government has initiated surprise checks in various
health institutions-public and private-to monitor the status of their hazardous
medical wastes. This comes as a part of an effective implementation of the Solid
Waste Management Act approved by the government last year.

A high-level team led by Krishna Hari Baskota, secretary at the Prime Minister's
Office, and comprising officials from the concerned ministry and departments on
Friday monitored the Kathmandu Medical College and the Nepal Medical College. It
was found that both the institutions were conducting regular clean-ups and
disposing hazardous medical and chemical wastes safely on their premises.

The team, however, asked the hospital s to put separate bins for different types
of wastes as categorised by the Act in each ward and empty them regularly.
Similarly, both the hospital s were directed to destroy the wastes using
electric equipment as required. When the team went round Bir Hospital on Sunday,
it found that both chemical and medical wastes were collected, effectively
disposed of and sterilised at the treatment centre on its premises. Bir Hospital
has been recycling some of the wastes and earning around Rs 30,000 monthly.

According to Baskota, the field visits were carried out upon the concerns raised
from different quarters on the carelessness of various hospital s about managing
hazardous and infectious wastes, affecting public health. "It is reported that a
majority of hospital s have not implemented the solid waste management Act as
directed by the government," he said.

The team comprised representatives from the Ministry of Local Development,
Kathmandu Metropolitan City, Solid Waste Management Technical Support Centre and
officials from the Ministry of Environment, Science and Technology, and the
Ministry of Industry. A recent inspection

conducted by the Ministry of Health and Population at over 200 health
institutions across the country discovered that a majority of institutions were
improperly disposing of medical wastes.

The Solid Waste Management Act (2011) clearly states that the "responsibility of
processing and management of hazardous waste, medical waste, chemical wastes
under the prescribed standards shall rest with the person or institution that
has generated the solid waste". It also states that until the health
institutions follow standards for medical waste management, the government will
not grant the operating licence. Any individual or institution found improperly
managing any kind of waste would be charged between Rs 50,000 and Rs 100,000 or
imprisoned between 15 days and three months by the local authority.

The Ministry of Health and Population estimates that over 13,613.5 tonnes of
medical wastes are generated annually across the country, 75 to 90 percent of
which are non-hazardous. Published by HT Syndication with permission from
EKantipur.com. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              840 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 2, 2015 Friday

New York: DEC Announces New Solid Waste Management Initiative to Assist Local
Governments

LENGTH: 571 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Albany: Department of Environmental Conservation has issued the following news
release:




 As part of Governor Andrew M. Cuomo's Capital for a Day in Central New York,
the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation today announced
several initiatives designed to address challenges local governments face in
their solid waste management efforts.
 DEC officials, leaders in local government and key stakeholders met to discuss
ways to improve materials management during a tour of Madison County's
impressive landfill operations. During the discussion, local officials and
community leaders spoke about the pressing needs to increase recycling rates and
to capture food scraps for the hungry. In response to these concerns,
participants discussed opportunities to achieve efficiencies through
inter-county cooperation, coordination with SUNY to use a planned anaerobic
digester in Morrisville and enabling farmers and food banks to use food that
otherwise would be wasted.
 Acting DEC Commissioner Marc Gerstman said, "Implementing a comprehensive solid
waste management program is a significant undertaking for local governments.
Thoughtful planning and strategic investment of limited available capital
funding is critical to managing large volumes of waste in the most sustainable
way. DEC has assisted counties, planning units and others in designing and
implementing these programs, both financially and through technical assistance.
We will continue to provide support to our colleagues in local government to
identify areas where they can work together to achieve maximum efficiencies."
 Although New York State has developed some of the best solid waste management
infrastructure in the nation, municipalities have moved forward in different
directions and at varying speeds to recycle and manage their waste streams.
Counties could benefit and learn from each other by sharing experiences from
establishing existing programs and facilities when possible and coordinate
operations to achieve efficiencies.
 Key announcements include:


  Initiate solid waste management regulatory changes to promote and fund
projects which help implement inter-municipal cooperation and efficiencies in
solid waste management.

  Provide $200,000 for Cortland County to enhance its recycling operations and
increase recycling rates throughout the county.

  Provide $150,000 in grants for agricultural waste collection programs in
Madison County and surrounding counties to increase recycling and provide cost
savings for farmers and municipalities&lrm;.

  Establish a Pollution Prevention Institute project to promote organics
diversion in the Central New York Region by analyzing the waste streams of large
food scrap generators including grocery stores, hospitality centers, colleges
and universities and hospitals.

 One of DEC's many roles is to protect New York State's environment and the
health of its citizens through innovative, rational and reasonable management of
solid waste and provides for sustainable economic development that is responsive
to environmental concerns.
 DEC regulates and monitors solid and hazardous waste facilities and generators
of hazardous waste; controls disposal of radioactive materials; and promotes
sound management of wastes by communities, businesses and industries.


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              841 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       The Rushville Republican (Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 4, 2008 Thursday

Clean Green Rush has successful third year

BYLINE: Frank Denzler, The Rushville Republican, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 696 words


Dec. 4--Since its humble beginning Jan. 1, 2006 the Rush County Solid Waste
District, known locally as Clean Green Rush, is putting the wraps on its third
year of existence.

In 1991 Rush County joined Hancock, Henry and Fayette counties to form what was
known as the Three Rivers Solid Waste Management District. The district was
formed to pool resources from the counties involved, including revenue, to
facilitate state-mandated requirements in solid waste reduction and the creation
of recycling programs. The joint venture allowed the counties to curb disposal
costs while offering various other programs at a cost savings not then available
to individual counties.

In 2002, Hancock County pulled out of the district; Rush County opted out in
August 2005, which became effective four months later.

During the 36 months that have followed the district has moved steadily forward
in promoting a "Clean Green" Rush County.

Board members met for the final time of 2008 earlier this week and completed
necessary paperwork required by the State Board of Accounts for the Rush County
district to become financially independent from the Rush County General Fund.

"The state wants the district to be separate from the county. There are some
hoops we have to jump through to make this happen," attorney Leigh Morning said.

According to RCSWD director Carole Yeend, a substantial amount of funding
utilized for Clean Green Rush projects is gained through matching grants from
the state. In order to obtain and disburse those monies the separate fund is
necessary.

"The paperwork is a necessary aspect for Clean Green Rush and is strictly an
accounting change," Yeend said.

Yeend then informed board members on her various fourth quarter activities that
included attending a number of conferences, workshops and training seminars
throughout the state.

In other matters, board members were informed that prep work for the Smiley
Avenue Tox Away Center was recently completed and a manufacturing delay has
resulted in the opening of the location being pushed back until January 2009.
Once open, it is anticipated the collection site will be open one Saturday a
month for residents to properly and safely dispose of hazardous chemicals.

During the previous 12 months, several accomplishments have been realized by
Clean Green Rush; multiple eScrap collections were held as a way to properly
dispose of electronic equipment; a Goose Road clean-up effort was held in Ripley
Township; the first countywide used tire collection in a number of years was
held; and a paper recycling and shredding effort at Rush County Schools was
initiated.

Yeend said the next eScrap collection is slated for Feb. 21, 2009 with
additional details forthcoming.

Aside from continuing eScrap collections, the district and the Community Action
Committee (CAC) has listed a number of positive steps and projects they hope to
address during the coming year. They include better informing the public, area
businesses, organizations and clubs on the importance of reclaiming, recycling
and reusing, finding a means to provide various county recycling drop-off sites,
and seeking a way for the county to recoup monies for items currently being
collected and recycled in the county.

"It is important that we seek various means to keep things from simply being
placed in a landfill. It is an effort that takes everyone's help," Yeend said.

In a final matter, the board retained county commissioner Ken Masters as
president, commissioner Tom Barnes as vice-president and Warren Norris as
secretary for the coming year.

Frank Denzler can be contacted at (765) 932-2222 ext. 106 or via e-mail at
frank.denzler@rushvillerepublican.com To add a comment to this story visit our
Web site at www.rushvillerepublican.com.

To see more of The Rushville Republican, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://starherald.net/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Rushville Republican, Ind.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081204-RJ-Clean-Green-Rush-has-successful-third-year-1204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RJ


                                 Copyright 2008


                              842 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                              May 31, 2016 Tuesday

third party inspection work of solid waste management department, jamnagar
municipal corporation for different types of concern work

LENGTH: 195  words


Tenders are invited for third party inspection work of solid waste management
department, jamnagar municipal corporation for different types of concern work
like door to door garbage collection, open point garbage, pre monsoon

post monsoon work, house keeping, supply of vehicle and equipments, container
repairing etc. along with all c.m. grant work (excluding service tax).


Estimated Contract Value(INR): 80,000,000.00 ( Eight Crore Only )
Period Of Completion / Delivery Period: 120 Days
Bid Document Fee / Bid Processing Fees: Rs.1500( One Thousand Five Hundred Only
)
Bid Security/EMD/Proposal Security (INR): Rs. 50000 ( Fifty Thousand Only )
Bid Document Downloading Start Date: 30/05/2016 11:54:18

onwards
Bid Document Downloading End Date: 06/06/2016 18:00:00
Last Date & Time for Receipt of Bids: 06/06/2016 18:00:00
Bid Validity Period: 120 Days
Major organization : JAMNAGAR MUNICIPAL CORPORATION

Address : 3rd Floor SWM BRANCH
JAMNAGAR,
GUJARAT
Attn: Controlling Officer, Solid Waste Management, JMC JAMNAGAR

Country :India
Tender notice number : JMC/SWM/38/TPI/211/2016-17.

Notice type : Tender Notice

Open date : 2016-06-06

Tender documents : T33843933.html

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 81


                          Copyright 2016 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              843 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                             Clinton Herald (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 25, 2009 Thursday

Landfill may join pilot project

BYLINE: Mary Lou Hinrichsen, Clinton Herald, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 472 words


Jun. 25--CLINTON -- Members of the Clinton County Area Solid Waste Agency board
have voted unanimously to participate in a pilot study proposed by the Iowa
Department of Natural Resources and the Environmental Management Systems.

Brad Seward, director of the CCASWA landfill, had reported the state agencies
are seeking six landfills, planning areas or service areas to pilot a program in
which they would set goals for themselves in six areas:

--Yard waste management.

--Household hazardous materials.

--Water quality.

--Greenhouse gas reduction.

--Recycling.

--Education.

"The organizers of the program state that the pros of this program would include
opportunities for more grants and elimination of the diversion calculations that
we've been living by in the landfill business for the last 20 years," said
Seward.

The plan was laid out at a meeting in Johnston on May 28 and discussed at length
by the Bi-state Planning Region on June 4, he said. Scott County's landfill
representatives indicated an interest in applying, "but they're being very
cautious because this is a new frontier. On paper it sounds like a great idea.
There is a system of grants available. But the big question is, what constitutes
improvement? That's not really objective," Seward pointed out.

Clinton County's representative on the board, Dennis Starling, asked, "What do
you think the probability is that this type of program will eventually become
mandatory?"

Seward responded, "This is something that the solid waste industry in Iowa has
been pushing in some form for a number of years -- setting our own goals to be
able to constantly show that we are working toward being a better environmental
resource in our region. Unfortunately, there are still too many gray areas (in
the plan). My gut tells me that there are a lot of questions out there."

However, Starling pointed out, "If there are grants available for us to
implement this during the pilot program, then if it's accepted, we would be up
to speed. If we wait to see what happens, then we're going to bear the cost
ourselves."

Lori Jahn, Charlotte representative, said, "I think we should be pro-active and
go for it."

A motion was made and approved unanimously. The representatives present were
from Clinton, Clinton County, DeWitt, Camanche, Charlotte, Delmar, Goose Lake,
Grand Mound and Wheatland.

Representatives from Andover, Calamus, Low Moor, Lost Nation, Toronto and Welton
were absent.

To see more of Clinton Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.clintonherald.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Clinton Herald, Iowa
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090625-XI-Landfill-may-join-pilot-project-0625

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XI


                                 Copyright 2009


                              844 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                             Rubber & Plastics News
                                 Print Version

                                 July 15, 2013

Tennessee awards more than $3.6 million in recycling grants

SECTION: Pg. 4 Vol. 42

LENGTH: 164  words

DATELINE: NASHVILLE


The Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation has awarded 44 grants
worth more than $3.6 million to fund tire recycling projects in Tennessee
communities.

The grants are for fiscal years 2014-15, the agency said.

Under the Tennessee Solid Waste Management Act of 1991, the state assists
counties with the collection, processing and transportation of waste tires.

The Department of Environment and Conservation reimburses counties $1 for every
tire it collects.

In return, counties must maintain at least one active collection site, according
to the agency.

The department pays for its waste tire grants through the state pre-disposal fee
of $1.35 on each new tire sold in Tennessee.

Of that fee, $1.25 goes to the counties, the agency said.

Tennessee generates about 5 million scrap tires every year, and then recycles an
estimated 55,000 tons of scrap tires, according to the agency website.

Tire-derived fuel is the largest use for recycled tires in the state, the
department said.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RPN


                      Copyright 2013 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              845 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            February 8, 2013 Friday

Garbage plant to be relocated to Mysore's outskirts

BYLINE: HM Aravind

SECTION: MYSORE

LENGTH: 448 words


MYSORE: The city's centralized solid waste management plant will be relocated to
the outskirts and dependence on it will be cut gradually.

In a big relief to the residents of Vidyaranyapuram, J P Nagar and surrounding
areas, the MCC has decided shift the solid waste management plant to Rayanakere
on H D Kote road. With builders focusing on J P Nagar and surrounding areas
where new layouts are developed, the decision is bound to create ripples in the
real estate sector. An add-on is Rs 1 crore grant for development of Dalvoy Lake
abutting J P Nagar, which the MCC is proposing to develop like the legendary
Kukkarahalli Lake.

For some time now residents of Vidyaranyapuram and J P Nagar in particular were
upset with the solid waste management plant located at a corner in Sewage Farm
spread over 100 acres given that tons of garbage was dumped. It had led to
protests forcing the MCC to go in for mini-plants to process garbage. The MCC on
Thursday announced the shifting of the plant to Rayanakere. However, the sewage
treatment plant at the site will not be moved out.

Presenting the budget, the taxation and finance standing committee chairman B L
Bhyrappa said the three sewage treatment plants located at three different
places in the city will be upgraded and the solid waste management plant will be
moved to Rayanakere. He attributed this to stop pollution in the area.
Interestingly, Bhyrappa had protested more than once seeking relocation of the
garbage plant while the real estate sector had lobbied for it.

Taking a cue from Bangalore's garbage problem, the MCC is seeking to ensure that
solid waste generated in the city is attended to locally. It has set up five
zero waste management plants in five among nine zones in the city and said the
remaining four will be completed during 2013-14. The idea is to cut down chances
of Bangalore-like situation by banking on landfill sites. After segregation at
source, the biodegradable waste will be treated while non-degradable will be
treated separately at a centralized location.

The city is also getting a centralized biogas plant with Rs 60 lakh budgeted.
However, the MCC didn't specify the place. During a meeting of the experts at
Infosys campus in July, the stakeholders had suggested to set up biogas plant
and process the waste treating it as a resource. Big consumers of LPG like
hotels and hostels can set up biogas units with the local body announcing
subsidy to promote use of non conventional energy sources.

The MCC has set aside Rs 25 lakh to set up a plant to treat plastic and generate
fuel, an experiment which has not yielded results in other major cities
including Bangalore.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              846 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     Sun Journal (New Bern, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 27, 2014 Saturday

City roundup: Actions by New Bern aldermen

BYLINE: Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 511 words


Sept. 27--New Bern aldermen tabled an amendment Tuesday to a 2012 Community
Development Block Grant N.C. Catalyst Grant Program after a homeowner asked that
his property remain on the list for renovation funding.

The $500,000 grant was initially earmarked to rehabilitate three homes, clear
and reconstruct three other houses, and install two green drainage facilities.
But that proposal had to be abandoned.

During the public hearing, John King, an attorney representing the owner of a
house at 817 N. Craven St., asked that the property stay in the original
proposal for upgrades. King said the tenant is a 78-year-old woman living there
with her disabled son.

Jeff Ruggieri, director of development services, said at the time the city was
getting the grant, the residents at the Craven Street house were preparing to
move to another house next door but that did not work out.

The new proposal for the grant funds is to remove the Craven Street house at 817
N. Craven St. and a home at 1004 Colony Drive. The amendment also would address
two or three properties in a priority list that includes 2004 Moore Ave., 715
Miller Ave., 911 Green St., 2009 McKinley Ave., 735 Bern St., 613 Second Ave.,
2310 New Bern Ave., 1121 Church St. and 1501 Hazel Ave. It also proposes
removing two smaller green drainage facilities from the original program and
approving the construction of a green drainage facility behind the Stanley White
Recreation Center.

The board also adopted a resolution approving  a leachate (liquid that drains
from a landfill) disposal agreement with the Coastal Regional Solid Waste
Management Authority and a Memorandum of Understanding with Coastal Regional
Solid Waste Management Authority for leachate force main construction.

The board also adopted ordinances to  amend and close out two project funds: the
$500,000 Union Station Depot Grant Project; and the $2.190 million Lewis Farm
electric substation project.

The Union Station Depot Grant Project came in $27,871 under budget; and the
substation project come in $278,892 under budget, according to city staff.

The depot project was funded by a $400,000 Federal Highway Administration grant
and a $100,000 N.C. Department of Transportation grant. An additional $11,824
was provided by the N.C. Railroad Co.

The substation project was funded by with a $2.1 million loan.

Aldermen heard a presentation on  the 2014 MS Bike Tour and a presentation on
the 150th Anniversary of the North Carolina Conference of AME Zion Churches
planning a celebration and a parade Nov. 8; approval of the Police Civil Service
Board Register; and approved resolutions to close the 200 and 300 blocks of
South Front Street from 8-11 a.m. and the 200 block of East Front Street from
5-9 a.m. on Oct. 18 for the 2014 Bridge Run; and the 1300 block of Bay Street
from 8:30 a.m. until 4 p.m. Oct. 5 for the Feast of Abraham Celebration; and
consider amending various grant funds.

___ (c)2014 the Sun Journal (New Bern, N.C.) Visit the Sun Journal (New Bern,
N.C.) at http://www.newbernsj.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140927-NS-City-roundup-Actions-by-New-Bern-aldermen-0927-20140927

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                           Copyright 2014 Sun Journal


                              847 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            November 20, 2005 Sunday

Ask... the Director

SECTION: NEIGHBORS CHERRY HILL; Pg. L14

LENGTH: 678 words


Jack Sworaski

Director, Camden County Division of Environmental Affairs/Division of Open Space
and Farmland Preservation.

Question:How long have you been the director?

A: I've worked in the field of solid waste/environmental affairs since 1980 and
open space since 1999. I've been director of environmental affairs since 1990
and open space since 2000.

Q:How old is this office?

A: The office began as the Office of Solid Waste Management in 1978 and evolved
into the Division of Environmental Affairs in the late 1990s. The Division of
Open Space and Farmland Preservation was formed in 1999.

Q: Why was the office formed?

A: The Office of Solid Waste Management was formed to develop and implement the
Camden County Solid Waste Management plan. A plan, and the designation of an
implementing agency, was required of all 21 counties in the state with the
adoption of the New Jersey Solid Waste Management Act in 1976. This office later
evolved into the Division of Environmental Affairs.

The Division of Open Space and Farmland Preservation was formed to coordinate
the preservation of open space and recreation-facility enhancement and
historic-preservation projects undertaken through the Open Space Preservation
Trust Fund.

Q: Is there an emphasis on open-space acquisition and preservation?

A: Camden County is the most developed county in South Jersey. Open space,
including farmland, is rapidly disappearing. The goal is to preserve not less
than 2,000 acres of additional open space by the year 2010 and to create a
system of greenways (open space) throughout the county... . In addition to the
greenway, the county is working to preserve farmland. The county has received
approval for a planning incentive grant from the state Agriculture Development
Committee that will provide as much as $6 million in matching funds for farmland
preservation over the next four years.

Q: Are there other areas of emphasis?

A:The Division of Environmental Affairs continues to emphasize recycling... . We
have a recycling-enforcement program aimed at bringing county businesses and
institutions into compliance with recycling regulations. We sponsor household
special-waste collection events, and we also coordinate electronics recycling
events for items such as computers and televisions. We are involved with
educating residents about storm-water management, and we sponsor public-land
litter cleanups.

Q: What is one of the most important aspects of your job?

A:Being organized. This is particularly true with open-space acquisitions. Many
times you are working on several acquisitions simultaneously.

Q: How successful have you been in preserving open space?

A:Since 2000, Camden County has assisted in the preservation of 968 acres of
open space and farmland in 13 municipalities. In addition, we have funded 40
recreation-facility enhancement projects in 29 municipalities and 12
historic-preservation projects in 11 municipalities. Overall, 33 of Camden
County's 37 municipalities have benefited from open-space preservation funds.

Q: Are you now targeting certain areas of the county for open space
preservation?

A:The greenway network would touch all areas of the county, although the
greatest opportunities for preserving larger tracts of land lie within the more
rural areas of Winslow and Waterford Townships and certain areas of Gloucester
Township.

Q: What has been your biggest challenge?

A:Competing with developers... . Developers are able to offer more money than
the appraised value of a property in some cases. However, as many of the sales
to developers are contingent upon development approvals, which can be
time-consuming, purchasing land for preservation requires no such approvals.

Q: Acquisition of land can still be a laborious process. Why is that so?

A: Following a preliminary approval, appraisals have to be done. These can take
45 to 60 days to complete, after which surveys and title work must be done. A
preliminary environmental assessment must also be completed if the property is
being acquired outright. These documents must be reviewed and oftentimes
amended.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              848 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                 November 20, 1995, Monday, Correction Appended
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Recycling response lukewarm;
Solid waste reduction: Businesses in Athens have been slow to respond to the
newly expanded program.

BYLINE: Rebecca McCarthy; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: STATE NEWS, Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 393 words

DATELINE: Athens


While she's thrilled at the positive response from homeowners, Athens-Clarke
County waste reduction manager Sharyn Dickerson is not happy with the response
of the business community to her newly expanded recycling program.

"Residents have had six years of education and were ready to get involved,"
Dickerson said. "We put too much faith into thinking that businesses could
figure out on their own how to participate and recycle."

Despite the high volume of beverage sales in downtown Athens, for example,
commercial customers are contributing only about a ton of containers a day.

A few weeks into a new solid waste program that combines an expanded curbside
recycling system with a new facility to process those materials, Athens-Clarke
County officials are designing ways to increase the amount of recyclables
collected from commercial sites.

A $ 2,000 grant from the Environmental Protection Agency will help government
waste experts educate business owners in downtown and the Five Points
neighborhood about how to set up and operate a successful in-house recycling
program.

"We didn't anticipate the need of the commercial customers to constantly be
informed," Dickerson said. "We made a mistake. We thought our commercial
recycling would carry our residential, but the opposite has happened."

A breakdown of materials collected at the curb by Athens-Clarke County workers
shows that businesses are sending about 20 tons of containers and paper to the
recycling center each day, and residents are sending 18 tons. Before the program
expanded, homeowners were recycling about 7 tons a day and businesses received
no curbside service.

"The revenues we're getting on recyclables are higher than we expected,"
Dickerson said.

The recycling facility is owned and operated by Resource Recovery Systems, a
Connecticut firm. Athens-Clarke County pays RRS $ 45 a ton to process paper
products - including magazines, catalogs, phone books, boxes, newspapers, paper
bags, office paper and junk mail. After the company sells the recyclables, it
gives the government $ 65 for each ton sold.

RRS charges the government $ 86 a ton to process co-mingled containers - steel
cans, aluminum, glass bottles and jars, plastic bottles, milk and juice cartons.
After the recyclables are sold, the company gives back $ 99 a ton to the
government.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: November 21, 1995

CORRECTION: AN ARTICLE IN SOME EDITIONS MONDAY INCORRECTLY REPORTED THE NUMBER
OF TONS OF RECYCLABLES COLLECTED DAILY BY ATHENS-CLARKE COUNTY. ABOUT 2 TONS ARE
COLLECTED FROM COMMERCIAL CUSTOMERS AND 18 TONS FROM RESIDENTIAL CUSTOMERS.

GRAPHIC: Photo: Sharyn Dickerson leads waste reduction efforts in Athens-Clarke
County. / Rich Mahan / Staff

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              849 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                             The New Zealand Herald

                             March 26, 1999 Friday

Waste Management eyes rival

BYLINE: By Joe Helm

SECTION: BUSINESS; General

LENGTH: 459 words


Listed refuse collector and recycler Waste Management NZ will seek at least $55
million from shareholders to help fund a proposed $115 million takeover of its
rival, Waste Care.

Funding for the acquisition will come from roughly equal portions of debt and
equity.

The equity raising will be through a renounceable rights issue, the terms of
which have yet to be determined.

Grant Tietjens, group financial controller of Waste Management, said the shares
issued through the rights issue would be at a discount to the price Waste
Management shares were trading at on the stock exchange.

Waste Management shares climbed $1 to $9.90 yesterday on news of the proposed

takeover.

Until the equity raising is complete the acquisition of Waste Care will be
funded by way of a bank bridging facility.

Further information on the proposed funding mix and the rights issue will be
announced in early May.

Mr Tietjens said Waste Management might choose to squeeze more debt than equity
into the deal.

He said the debt component of the funding programme would give Waste Management
a more efficiently geared balance sheet but at the same time the company
recognised the transaction contained a significant goodwill component.

The combined operation would continue to generate significant operating cash
flows.

Mr Tietjens said the proposed takeover resulted from Waste Management's United
States parent becoming aware that Waste Care's French parent, Suez Lyonnaise des
Eaux, was no longer interested in operating in waste collection in this part of
the world.

Officials of the Suez Lyonnaise subsidiary that owns Waste Care, Sita, said it
had decided to focus on markets and business "where it can reach critical mass."

Mr Tietjens was not aware of any other company competing for Waste Care.

He was confident that Waste Management would get the necessary approvals from
the Commerce Commission and Overseas Investment Commission for the deal.

Mr Tietjens said there was a public misconception the two companies would have a
near monopoly in Auckland.

"We don't dominate the market," he said.

"Look in the Yellow Pages -- there's more than 40 operators in refuse collection
in Auckland. We believe we would be well below the 40 per cent market-share
guideline set down by the Commerce Commission."

Waste Care has regional operations in Whangarei, Auckland, Hamilton, Palmerston
North, Wellington and Christchurch.

In its 1997 fiscal year it had revenues of $47 million, tax-paid profits of $7.2
million and shareholders' funds of $35 million.

In the December 1997 financial year Waste Management had revenue of $72.7
million, tax-paid profit of $9.07 million and shareholders' funds $68.07
million.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

          Copyright 1999 The New Zealand Herald.  All Rights Reserved.


                              850 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          Columbus Telegram (Nebraska)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 9, 2014 Wednesday

NDEQ awards more than $4M in recycling grants

BYLINE: Columbus Telegram, Neb.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 342 words


July 09--LINCOLN -- The Nebraska Department of Environmental Quality is awarding
more than $4 million in grants for recycling projects throughout the state
through its Waste Reduction and Recycling Incentive Grant Fund.

Fees on solid waste disposed of in landfills, annual retail business sales and
the sale of new tires for vehicles are used to fund the grant program, which
provides money for various waste management projects including hazardous waste
collection programs and scrap tire collections.

"These funds are used for a wide variety of projects to reduce waste, promote
recycling and address the issue of scrap tire piles," said NDEQ Director Patrick
Rice. "The grants will provide support to important local environmental
improvement efforts across the state."

The following area projects received funding for 2014:

-- Boone Central Schools: $103,425 reimbursement for an artificial turf and
athletic track surface.

-- Merrick County Highway Department: $8,476 for a 100-ton scrap tire cleanup.

-- City of Central City: $2,202 reimbursement for 14 picnic tables.

-- Behlen Mfg. Co.: $22,220 to purchase a grappling rake to recycle wood and
recycling containers and rent two compactors.

-- City of Columbus: $31,600 for a 300-ton scrap tire cleanup.

-- Butler County Landfill: $30,700 to purchase a new skid loader to handle scrap
tires at the landfill.

-- Butler County: $14,980 for a 175-ton scrap tire cleanup.

-- City of David City: $7,037 reimbursement for 48,750 pounds of playground
rubber mulch.

-- Keep Schuyler Beautiful: $3,500 for an electronics collection.

-- City of Schuyler: $10,473 for a 125-ton scrap tire cleanup.

-- Keep Schuyler Beautiful: $359 reimbursement for six benches.

-- Schuyler Community Schools: $6,838 reimbursement for 48,750 pounds of
playground rubber mulch.

-- Shelby-Rising City Public School: $1,713 reimbursement for 11,700 pounds of
playground rubber mulch.

___ (c)2014 the Columbus Telegram (Columbus, Neb.) Visit the Columbus Telegram
(Columbus, Neb.) at www.columbustelegram.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140709-CU-NDEQ-awards-more-than-4M-in-recycling-grants-0709-20140709

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CU


                        Copyright 2014 Columbus Telegram


                              851 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                      Journal Opinion (Bradford, Vermont)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 9, 2014

Waste district has Green Up grants

BYLINE: Journal Opinion staff

LENGTH: 197  words


BARRE--The Central Vermont Solid Waste Management District is offering grants to
community groups and nonprofits of up to $2,000 to support community clean-up
efforts on Green Up Day. Green Up will be on the first Saturday in May.

Municipalities, community groups and nonprofits within CVSWMD are encouraged to
apply for a grant, which is meant to assist with costs related to Green Up Day
including trash disposal and recycling of wastes, container rental fees for
storage of trash and recycling of wastes, transportation by a contracted party
for waste and recycling, trash bags and gloves for volunteers and food and
beverages for volunteers.

Ineligible costs are charges for the use of town, city or organization equipment
and personnel, or for any activity that does not occur on Green Up Day.

CVSWMD traditionally offers annual, noncompetitive Green Up Day grants to its
member towns and cities, which include Bradford, Fairlee, Chelsea and Orange.
This special grant program is in addition to the annual, noncompetitive grants.

Municipalities which traditionally receive Green Up Day grants from CVSWMD will
continue to get them. For more information, call (802)229-9383, ext. 106.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JOP

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2014 Journal Opinion


                              852 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           October 22, 2016 Saturday

African Water Facility grants [#x20ac]1.8m to Mozambique

LENGTH: 236 words

DATELINE: New York



 Abidjan: To finance a development plan and feasibility studies for urban
sanitation, drainage and solid waste management in Chimoio and Inhambane, the
African Water Facility (AWF) granted [#x20ac]1.8 million to Mozambique.





 Not only will we reduce the risk of flooding, but we will also improve people's
health. The Development Plan covering the next 20-25 years will lead to
increased investments in climate change adaptation, specifically in sanitation,
drainage and solid waste management infrastructure and services, to the tune of
[#x20ac]30 million by 2020," said Mohamed El Azizi, AWF Director.



 The 310,000 inhabitants of the two municipalities are facing serious sanitation
and urban flood issues. Objective. "The studies will pave the way for
investments aimed at improving climate resilience and health in the two
municipalities. This will be achieved through improved services in sanitation,
drainage and solid waste management.



 It will apply the principles of IUWM. The Integrated Urban Water Management
(IUWM) has been identified as the best option to address on a pilot basis the
needs of these secondary cities. The IUWM approach is a development process that
encourages cities to adjust certain practices of planning and effective
management, taking into account their own realities and their local
socio-economic contexts. Under this approach, wastewater and faecal sludge are
considered as potential resources.



LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              853 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                           November 6, 2008 Thursday
                                 SOUTH EDITION

SECTION: METRO; THE BRIEFS: TOWNS; Pg. S-3

LENGTH: 857 words



b>BALDWIN BOROUGH

/b>

U.S. Rep. Tim Murphy, R-Upper St. Clair, lst week presented a $3,785 check to
borough police to purchase state-of-the-art night vision equipment.

The money is part of a grant from the Department of Homeland Security's
Commercial Equipment Direct Assistance Program. The program transfers
specialized commercial equipment, training and technical assistance directly to
smaller jurisdictions and eligible metropolitan area police departments.

The night-vision equipment is necessary for police and first responders to
perform night operations safely and effectively, Mr. Murphy said.

b> BRENTWOOD

/b>

Mike Crist, representing Waste Management, a refuse removal company, made a
presentation to council at its last meeting. At a previous session, David Smith,
of Allied Waste Services, made a presentation to the council.

The borough is accepting bids for refuse removal services for five years,
beginning Jan. 1. The two companies recently submitted bids to the South Hills
Area Council of Governments to provide services to the council's 15 municipal
members, including Brentwood.

Waste Management bid a lower price for waste removal on a per unit basis and
Allied Waste bid a lower price on a per tonnage basis.

Mr. Crist said that Waste Management officials counted the homes in Brentwood
and determined there are fewer homes than were represented in the bid, making
Waste Management the lowest bidder.

Council did not vote on the bids.

* * *

Dr. Alexander Lese of the Brentwood Business Owners' Association presented an
$8,000 grant to council from the Ben Roethlisberger Foundation, for use in the
borough police department's K-9 program.

The department recently acquired a new K-9 officer named Duke.

The association, in recent years, has presented almost $400,000 in community and
economic development grants, council president Jay Lieb said.

* * *

Three council members, Janice Boyko, Mario Richards and David Wenzel, voted
against ratifying the payment of bills from the general fund, saying that this
month's bills included a bill for $1,594 for services and the council was
uninformed about the nature of these services.

Borough solicitor George Gobel said the services in question were authorized by
a prior council and were done in connection with a confidential employee matter
and an "ongoing investigation." A majority of council voted to pay the bill.

* * *

Council adopted a resolution allowing borough employees to opt out of borough
health insurance and receive a $6,000 payment. The cost of health insurance is
$16,000 per employee, said borough manager George Zboyovsky, giving the borough
a savings of $10,000 if an employee selects this option. To receive the payment,
the employee must provide proof of alternate coverage, Mr. Zboyovsky said.

* * *

The borough also adopted a resolution governing exclusion from solicitation,
which amends the procedures for door-to-door solicitation in the borough.

* * *

This month's council meetings were rescheduled to Nov. 12. and Nov. 25.

MT. LEBANON

The commission and school board are seeking seven volunteers for the
environmental sustainability board, a newly created advisory board that will
promote environmental awareness and recommend ways to save energy.

The board will focus on environmental sustainability and energy efficiency.
Members will serve three-year terms, although initial terms will be staggered.
The school district will appoint three members, the commission will appoint
three and those six people will chose the seventh member.

Interested residents may pick up an application at the Mt. Lebanon Customer
Service Center in the lobby of the Mt. Lebanon Municipal Building, 710
Washington Road, during business hours, or download a form from
www.mtlebanon.org.

* * *

The Art Loft, 615 Washington Road, announces the opening of the art show called
"Landscapes Nearby," featuring screen prints by artist Tom Norulak. The show is
open from 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. weekdays, and 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturdays, tomorrow
through Jan. 10. The Washington Road "Holiday Art Stroll" will be held from 5 to
9 p.m. Dec. 5.

b> SCOTT

/b>

The ongoing mandated sewer work in the township will be the subject of the Scott
Conservancy's annual meeting, set for 7:30 p.m. Wednesday at Scott Park Lodge.

Colleen Hughes, an associate and senior project manager at CDM, an engineering
firm that is helping Alcosan in the development of a regional Wet Weather Plan,
will speak about discharges of combined and sanitary sewer overflows to rivers
and streams in the Pittsburgh region.

Her team at CDM serves as Alcosan's program manager in this regional long-term
planning effort that will require coordination with local municipalities, the
federal Environmental Protection Agency, the Pennsylvania Department of
Environmental Protection, the Allegheny County Health Department and basin
planning teams who are charged with developing overflow control facility plans
that will reach system improvement objectives in a cost-effective way.

The meeting is open to all Conservancy members and nonmembers who want to learn
about the organization's work as well as the status of the sewer consent decree
order.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: More briefs can be found at post-gazette.com/south

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              854 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                              May 6, 2006 Saturday

Transpacific threatens to enter local market

SECTION: BUSINESS; General

LENGTH: 484 words


If Waste Management shareholders reject Transpacific's takeover bid, then the
Australian company will move into Waste Management's markets in New Zealand,
Transpacific executive chairman Terry Peabody says.

Transpacific has offered Waste Management shareholders $8.642 a share under a
merger proposal that has been widely criticised as a takeover in disguise.

To proceed, the deal needs the approval of 75 per cent of Waste Management
shareholders at a meeting on May 17.

Peabody said if the proposal was voted down Transpacific would not try again but
rather use its liquid-waste business footprint in New Zealand to launch into the
solid-waste business - Waste Management's speciality.

Transpacific's speciality is liquid waste and the company has facilities and
about 400 employees across New Zealand.

A Grant Samuel appraisal-report of the proposal said that Waste Management was
somewhat vulnerable in the event of a no-vote, Peabody said, "because they
aren't in such a strong position and they haven't had a lot of opposition
there".

Transpacific had spent a lot of money developing its business here, Peabody
said.

"We have operations throughout New Zealand in the liquid-waste business. We've
made more than 10 acquisitions over the last couple of years ... [and] intend to
make more."

As the shareholder meeting draws near, Peabody said no more money was available.

False hopes that the company would stump up more money were dangerous, he added.

"If [Waste Management shareholders] really believe that and wait until too late
and keep putting this message out to the public, maybe the thing will get
overthrown inadvertently and I think a lot of people will get hurt."

The share price would fall back, possibly below pre-negotiation levels, and
Waste Management would find itself with a serious competitor in its home market,
Peabody said.

The Grant Samuel report said there was speculation that Fulton Hogan may be
considering selling EnviroWaste, which is in a joint venture with Cleanaway on
the Auckland City Council domestic waste collection contract. Transpacific is
shortlisted to purchase Cleanaway.

"The successful bidder for Cleanaway ... may look to acquire EnviroWaste ...
which could ultimately change the competitive landscape in New Zealand and in
particular the important Auckland market," the report said.

The solid waste created by Transpacific's current business was one of the
synergies that the company wanted to take to Waste Management.

"We've been taking our waste to their competitors; now we could take it to them
if we owned the company," Peabody said.

Peabody's use of the word "owned" highlighted a point of contention voiced by
some - that the proposed merger was in fact a takeover in disguise.

Had the deal been constructed under the Takeovers Code, then support from 90 per
cent of shareholders would have been needed rather than the 75 per cent required
at the upcoming meeting.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              855 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              December 21, 1995, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

COUNCIL ADOPTS PLAN TO CUT BACK WASTE

SECTION: ZONE WEST; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 114 words


St. Louis County on Tuesday became eligible for grants from the St.
Louis-Jefferson Solid Waste Management District by adopting the district's waste
management plan. The County Council's action also complies with a 1990 state
law.

The plan commits participants in the plan to:

Ensure that residents have access to collection of recyclable materials.

Ensure that residents have access to yard-waste collection.

Provide programs promoting waste reduction and recycling.

The plan is part of a state effort to reduce by 40 percent the waste that is
dumped in landfills. Jefferson County, St. Louis and numerous municipalities
within the district have adopted the plan.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              856 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Lancaster New Era (Pennsylvania)

                              May 7, 2009 Thursday

Neighbors' Concerns: How Valid Are They?;
Dep's Verbal Approval Who Pays The Bill? Who Monitors Floodplain? Asbestos In
Stormwater?

BYLINE: Jack Brubaker

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1211  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


The attorney for residents who oppose construction of a new Norfolk Southern
freight rail yard on top of a restored dump site in Manheim Township is
concerned and angry.

Bill Cluck claims to have found multiple "misstatements'' and other
irregularities associated with the entire Northwest Gateway Project.

But Cluck, attorney for a group of neighbors who live near the dump and call
themselves The Rail Road Action and Advisory Committee, is especially disturbed
by the dump remediation process.

Project sponsors won't talk to him, so Cluck has obtained much of his
information about the remediation through state and federal Right-to-Know
requests.

Cluck says Franklin & Marshall College made a false statement in applying last
December for a $1 million Growing Greener grant from the state Department of
Community and Economic Development to help clean up the dump.

The application claimed that another state agency, the Department of
Environmental Protection, already had approved its $1 million grant for that
purpose.

That wasn't true, says Cluck. DEP did not approve the grant until March.

But Tracey Vernon, acting deputy secretary of the DEP's Office of Community
Revitalization and Local Government Support, says the agency had provided a
verbal commitment last autumn.

"The verbal agreement was contingent on receiving the appropriate documentation,
which was forthcoming,'' says Vernon. "So there was no problem to say they had a
commitment.''

But Cluck says a verbal agreement on a Growing Greener grant is "very
troubling.''

A "false statement'' on an application for funding is a problem, he adds,
because "they're misleading this agency (DCED) into thinking DEP has already
approved this project.''

Not so, says Luke Webber, a spokesman for DCED: "That would not be a factor in
our decision on approval of this project.''

DCED is still reviewing the application.

Cluck believes the Lancaster County Solid Waste Management Authority, which now
owns the former municipal dump, should pay for remediation.

"When there's a viable party responsible for contamination,'' Cluck says, "the
state shouldn't pay to clean it up.''

Instead, LCSWMA will be paid a substantial part of the $4.5 million set aside
for the remediation project to bury waste from the dump in the Frey Farm
Landfill along the Susquehanna River.

Then it will get more money to provide clean fill from the Frey Landfill to
replace the material removed from the dump.

DEP's $1 million will help pay the $4.5 million bill. Keith Orris, the F&M vice
president who is managing the project, says he has not yet determined how the
rest of the bill will be divided between state and private sources.

Cluck claims it is "unprecedented'' for an owner of a landfill to move material
to another landfill it also owns and ask the state to pay the bill.

But the state does have a stake in this change, counters Kathy Horvath, special
project manager of DEP's regional environmental cleanup program.

She says the waste is going from "an unlined dump to a permanent landfill'' with
strict environmental controls.

Adds the DEP's Vernon, "It's a typical remediation activity. It's not unusual
for the state to put funding into brownfield remediation and get it ready for
redevelopment.''

Counters Cluck, "Typical brownfield cleanups do not include landfills with
viable parties (as owners). State funding is for abandoned dumps.''

Cluck asked Rebecca Buchanan, resource conservationist with the Lancaster County
Conservation District, if any part of the remediation work lies within the
100-year floodplain.

If so, any work there ordinarily would be regulated by Manheim Township to
protect the Little Conestoga Creek from eroded materials, especially during
stormwater runoff.

Buchanan told Cluck that cells 4-14 of the 44 cells to be remediated seem to be
in the floodplain.

Manheim Township did not review the plans.

But John Krueger, manager of the DEP's regional environmental cleanup program,
says the state's understanding is that none of the dump is in the floodplain, so
it's not an issue.

Ned Wehler, CEO of the ARM Group, the project's environmental engineers,
explains the discrepancy.

He says his engineers originally provided an incorrect floodplain map and later
supplied a corrected map. The location of the floodplain changed from the old
map to the new one, he notes, but that never affected the area to be remediated.

"We were always going to work outside the floodplain,'' counters Wehler. "That's
what all documents always said.''

"This is another example of questionable data provided by the environmental
consultant,'' observes Cluck. "It shows why Manheim Township should have been
involved.''

On the advice of the township's and the project's attorneys, however, the
township determined that it had no jurisdiction over the project because federal
railroad law preempts local involvement.

But Cluck argues that dump remediation is not part of Norfolk Southern's yard
construction project and should not be governed by federal law.

He says the federal Surface Transportation Board, an agency that has
jurisdiction over railroad issues, should have been asked if federal law
preempts local regulations.

The board says no one asked it to consider the Norfolk Southern project and it
does not comment specifically on matters that are not before it. The board has
jurisdiction in such projects but no authorization to pre-approve them.

The board would not say whether digging up a dump associated with a
transportation project specifically would be preempted.

But it has provided two decisions in other cases that suggest that local
regulations targeted at any part of a project involving rail transportation are
preempted by federal law.

"The question remains, who's overseeing this?'' Cluck asks. "It's not the
conservation district. DEP doesn't have the manpower to get out there (as often
as TRRAAC would like). The township has taken a hands-off position. How do we
know this is being done properly?''

Cluck says ARM's application to the Lancaster Area Sewer Authority for
permission to pump out the remediation pits during a storm does not consider the
potential for asbestos to be in the stormwater.

Therefore, he says, the filter bag LASA uses on such occasions is not the proper
size to hold back asbestos and LASA should not have given a permit to the
project.

"There's a failure to disclose a potential of the presence of
asbestos-containing material in stormwater that is not going to be properly
filtered before it is discharged to the sewage treatment facility,'' Cluck says.

But ARM's Wehler says an asbestos filter is not needed because there will be no
asbestos in the water.

"For asbestos to become a part of stormwater,'' he explains, "it would have to
become a form that would be transferred to water. We don't have any samples of
water with asbestos in them.''

"If you're not looking for it,'' Cluck says, "you're not going to find it.''

Cluck questioned LASA about the matter. LASA's executive director, Mike Kyle,
says he answered Cluck's question in a letter.

Cluck says he received the letter, but not an answer. "They did not respond to
my concerns about potential asbestos fibers to be in the stormwater.''

Says Kyle, "The permit still stands.''

As of Wednesday, no water had been pumped into the LASA system.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              857 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   April 18, 1993, SUNDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

GOALS: POST-DISPATCH AIMS AT REUSE

BYLINE: Rich Juedemann Environmental Coordinator For the Post-Dispatch

SECTION: RECYCLING GUIDE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 518 words


IN THE PAST, newspaper recyling was a method to save trees and raise money for
charities. Today, newspaper recycling is a way to increase the life of our
landfills and to provide a useful resource - old newspapers - for new products.
In the United States, the rate of newspaper recycling has increased steadily
since 1980; two years ago, it topped 50 percent. That recycling rate trails only
aluminum cans and corrugated cardboard. According to the Newspaper Association
of America, newspapers now account for less than 5 percent of the waste sent to
our nation's landfills.  Much of this progress can be attributed to the $2
billion capital investment by the paper industry to build or retool mills to
produce recycled newsprint. In the past two years, the number of North American
mills producing recycled newsprint has more than doubled to 24 from 10.  And
another dozen mills should be in operation by the end of next year.  This bodes
well for newspapers like the Post-Dispatch. The availability of recycled
newsprint, and the demand for old newspapers should be on the rise.  Missouri's
solid waste legislation, enacted in 1990, has set a target of reducing the solid
waste sent to landfills by 40 percent by 1998.  To reach this goal and to
stimulate demand for old newspaper, the Post-Dispatch and all Missouri
newspapers with an average daily distribution of more than 15,000 copies, are
required to meet specific recycled content goals. The goals set a target of 10
percent recycled content this year and gradually increase to 50 percent by the
year 2000. Newspapers aren't the only products affected by the solid waste
legislation. Appliances, lead-acid batteries, tires, waste oil and yard waste
have been banned from Missouri's landfills. The law also establishes solid waste
management districts to develop comprehensive waste management plans.  Grants
are available through the Missouri Department of Natural Resources to encourage
recycling and to develop markets for recycled materials.  The Post-Dispatch is
trying hard to address the objectives outlined in Missouri's solid waste law.
Most of our newsprint suppliers began providing recycled newsprint in the last
year, and the Post-Dispatch ended last year with a recycled content near 17
percent - up from 3.5 percent in 1989.  The Post-Dispatch recycles office paper,
aluminum cans, newspaper, telephone books, cardboard, wooden pallets and pallet
tops. These programs have helped reduce trash disposal by more than 22 percent
at the newspaper's three operating plants since 1990.  The purchasing department
continues aggressively to procure supplies manufactured from recycled materials
and which are recyclable.  The Post-Dispatch also continues to do what it does
best - inform the public about environmental issues. In addition to publishing
this recycling guide and news and feature stories about recycling, the paper
sponsors the American Cancer Society newspaper recycling sites, the Christmas
tree recycling program, communitywide telephone book recycling and the local
Earth Day festival - to name just a few.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo headshot of Rich Juedemann

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              858 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                            Aberdeen Evening Express

                                 April 17, 2003

Residents fear bid to reopen old dump

BYLINE: Karen Grant

SECTION: News; Environment; Planning/Land; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 353 words


Worried residents fear plans to reopen a dormant dump in Aberdeen will spark
major traffic troubles in their community.  The concerns were raised at a
meeting held in Bridge of Don over proposals to reactivate Harehill's Hill of
Tramaud landfill.

Locals voiced worries over what routes would be used by the large fleet of
lorries.

In total 50 vehicles would be involved in transporting waste from Aberdeen to
Harehill.

But residents fear the lorries will drive past local schools and be forced to
use a narrow, busy road.

If given the official go-ahead, waste management firm Sita UK - the company
behind the proposals - plan a new temporary access point from the B999 Potterton
road instead of the A90 Aberdeen-Ellon road.

But this would see lorries travel down a narrow road used by scores of commuters
on a daily basis.

Community council member, Millie McLeod, said: "The entrance is at the access to
Bridge of Don industrial estate which is a very busy road with people coming and
going to work.

"And the Potterton road is very narrow." She was speaking at a meeting on
Tuesday of Bridge of Don Community Council attended by Sita UK's North-east area
manager Peter Lawrence.

Fellow council member, Isobel Hunter, was also concerned about which routes
would be used.

She said: "The nature of the waste vehicles involved is not only what they carry
but they tend to be very large." But Mr Lawrence said the firm's proposed fleet
of about 50 vehicles - including about 14 articulated lorries, 20 normal vans
and 10 skip vehicles - would operate largely outwith peak hours.

He could not confirm specific transportation routes but invited residents to
highlight areas of concern.

Community council members also questioned the need to reopen the dump in an area
they claimed was oversubscribed with landfills.

The dump was closed in 1999 after environmental watchdog SEPA ruled important
line-filling work needed completing.

SEPA this week issued a public notice stating Sita UK had applied for a waste
disposal licence - essential for reactivating the Harehill landfill.

Caption:

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 2003 Aberdeen Evening Express


                              859 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  March 11, 1993, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

RECYLCING COORDINATOR SOUGHT TO EASE BIG JOB

BYLINE: Roy Malone Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: ZONE SOUTH; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 394 words


When Jerry Brown goes to work every day, he faces a big job: cleaning up
Jefferson County.

Brown is the county's coordinator of waste management, which means his
department takes on anyone who trashes the county - residents and outsiders
alike. Sometimes he has to take them to court.

In addition, Brown must find ways for the county to meet a state requirement to
reduce its solid waste by 40 percent by 1998.

"It's too big for us," he said last week of his task. But he's hoping to get
some help soon.

With the approval of the Jefferson County Commission, Brown applied Friday for $
33,470 to hire a recycling coordinator. The application went to the St.
Louis-Jefferson Solid Waste Management District.

That's the body set up by the state's Department of Natural Resources to deal
with solid waste problems in the city of St. Louis plus St. Louis and Jefferson
counties.

The state charges $ 1.55 for each cubic yard of waste dumped by haulers in
landfills around the state. It uses this money for grants and other programs
that will help various waste management districts meet that 40 percent mandate.

Brown said the state has $ 1.4 million available for the St.  Louis-Jefferson
district.

Last week, the Jefferson County Commission endorsed proposals by the St.
Louis-Jefferson district to hire a full-time manager and to use the Missouri
Energy Resources Project to train 100 area teachers about recycling, composting
and other environmental issues. The teachers would then impress upon youngsters
the need to keep the environment clean.

"That's the meat of the program," Brown said. "We have the largest amount of
solid waste being disposed of in the state."

The Jefferson County recycling coordinator would work with Brown's office to
educate business owners and residents on how to compost, recycle or otherwise
dispose of their waste.

Jefferson County's landfills are all closed and the county's waste is
transferred to surrounding counties by 19 private haulers.

Brown said that since yard waste has been prohibited at landfills, waste at
landfills has dropped by 20 percent. He said 50 percent of the remaining waste
is recyclable, but finding or developing markets for that waste is the key task.

Brown's office provides brochures to county residents advising where recycling
facilities are located.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              860 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           January 17, 2015 Saturday

Kvemo Kartli Solid Waste Project in Georgia

LENGTH: 564  words


Business sector:Municipal and environmental infrastructure
Notice type:Public
Environmental category:IESE
Target board date:25 Feb 2015
Status:Passed concept review, Pending final review
PSD disclosed:25 Sep 2014
Project Description : The EBRD is considering extending a sovereign loan of up
to

7 million to Georgia to be on-lent to five municipalities in the Kvemo Kartli
region: Marneuli, Bolnisi, Dmanisi, Tetritskaro, Tsalka (jointly the
Participating Municipalities ) and the Solid Waste Management Company of Georgia
Ltd ( the Company ).


It is envisaged that the project will be co-financed by a capital grant of

3 million provided by an international donor.
The project will finance the construction of an EU compliant regional sanitary
landfill and relevant infrastructure in Marneuli municipality to serve the
Participating Municipalities. The project will also include acquisition of
vehicles, waste containers and other equipment for waste management activities.

In addition, the project will support institutional development of the Company
and the Participating Municipalities.
Transition Impact : Transition Impact of the project would be:
Introduction of tariff reform within affordability limits;
Extending waste collection services;
Improved billing and collection of waste tariffs;
Establishment of a contractual relationships between Participating
Municipalities and the Company;
Improvement of operational and financial management of the Company;
The Client : The Government of Georgia, the Company and Participating
Municipalities.
EBRD Finance :

7 million sovereign loan to Georgia to be co-financed by a capital grant of

3 million provided by an international donor. Funds will be transferred to the
Company and Participating Municipalities.
Project Cost : The total project cost is

10 million including co-financing provided by an international donor.
The project will also benefit from technical cooperation assignments to support
project implementation, support corporate development of the Company and help
Participating Municipalities in implementing reforms.
Environmental Impact : Categorised B, following an Initial Environmental and
Social Examination (IESE). The IESE was carried out through a site visit by the
EBRD and a review of existing EU funded site selection reports. During the IESE,
no significant environmental or social issues or risks were identified.
Reportedly, the proposed landfill site is underlain mainly by clayey soils and
there are no aquifers underneath. The site is on a geologically stable area.
There are no water bodies nearby. Also the site is located in an area with low
precipitation and high evapotranspiration rates; hence leachate production
potential is expected to be low. The site is far from residential areas. No land
acquisition or physical resettlement would be required, and reportedly no
economic displacement would be necessary. Based on these findings, it has bee

Project completion date : 2016-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : GOVERNMENT OF GEORGIA

Address : 7 Ingorokva St
Tbilisi 0114

Country :Georgia
Url : http://government.gov .ge/

Financier : European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD),

Financier address : European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD)


One Exchange Square
London EC2A 2JN
United Kingdom


Website : http://www.ebrd.com /
Tel : 020 7338 6000

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              861 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            September 8, 2008 Monday

Better recycling sought in Pittsfield

BYLINE: By Dick Lindsay, Berkshire Eagle Staff

SECTION: HEADLINES

LENGTH: 432 words


PITTSFIELD -- Pittsfield has long asked its residents to reduce, reuse and
recycle. City Councilor at large Matthew M. Kerwood wants to add a fourth "R" to
the solid waste management plan: reinforcement.

Kerwood said homeowners need to be reminded of what to recycle and how to do it,
if Pittsfield is to boost its recycling rate of 17 percent, one of the lowest in
Berkshire County.

"Ultimately, the city has to educate the public about recycling," said Kerwood.

Ward 4 Councilor Michael L. Ward has suggested refrigerator magnets to improve
recycling.

"If you can get the main categories of recycling on the magnets, they'll be
constant reminders to people," Ward said.

He also said the city could seek a state grant to pay for a more conventional
newspaper and radio ad campaign promoting recycling.

"We are not where we should be, we can do better," said Public Works & Utilities
Commissioner Bruce I. Collingwood, whose department manages the city's curbside
recycling and trash pick-up.

Pittsfield's recycling rate is based on the Massachusetts Municipal Tonnage and
Recycling Rate Summary, last available for 2006.

The rate is calculated using the total tons of residential garbage generated and
comparing it to the amount of recycled material. Besides paper, plastic and
glass, the state also factors in the amount of metals and textiles recycled,
tons of leaf and yard waste collected and how many people are composting at
home.

A review of the state data, finds Pittsfield not the only Berkshire community
with abysmal recycling rates: Adams 16 percent, Lenox 13 percent, North Adams 10
percent, Great Barrington 5 percent.

"If you compare our rate to some other Berkshire Communities, we're OK," said
Ward, "But compared to the state and national averages of 37 percent and 32
percent respectively, Pittsfield's recycling effort is poor."

Yet, Pittsfield is making more money off its recycling effort.

Collingwood reported the city received nearly $102,000 in Fiscal Year 2008 for
its recyclables going to the state run Materials Recycling Facility in
Springfield, nearly double from four years ago. He said this despite Pittsfield
recycling 2,466 tons in FY '08, down from 3,111 tons in FY '05.

"Not only does increased recycling boost our revenue, but it reduces the city's
trash disposal costs too," noted Kerwood. "It boils down to individuals taking
responsibility to understand the benefits from recycling."

"Maybe if we limited each household to one 50 gallon container for pick-up,
people would recycle more," Ward said.

To reach Dick Lindsay: rlindsay@berkshireeagle.com , or (413) 496-6233.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              862 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             July 13, 2006 Thursday

New Lebanon project changing;
Thanks to some new information, Interim Municipal Manager George Markus is
holding off on a council resolution.

BYLINE: By William G. Schmidt Contributing Writer

SECTION: SOUTHWEST; Pg. Z8-11

LENGTH: 428 words


NEW LEBANON - Taking Ohio Department of Transportation requirements into
account, George Markus, New Lebanon's interim municipal manager, said he held
off bringing a resolution to council on July 5 as promised until the matter is
resolved.

Markus said the difference could mean as much as $120,000 in ODOT money.

"After meeting with the municipal engineer and the municipal traffic engineer
this past week, it has been determined that ODOT will not fund any intersection
work at unwarranted intersections," Markus said.

The Main Street Project initially included the Church Street intersection in
this first phase of the grant application.

An "unwarranted intersection," Markus said, is an intersection with a traffic
light that doesn't meet ODOT's requirements for vehicle count.

Filing the grant application as initially considered would mean that ODOT funds
wouldn't be available.

Markus suggested "council consider stopping the proposed project application
approximately 5 feet east of Church Street."

The Main Street and Church Street intersection would then be packaged as a
separate local funding project. That discussion would likely come when council
considered their 2007 budget.

Delaying the resolution until the July 18 council meeting won't affect the
August deadline for the grant application, Markus said.

Mayor Larry Shock said he appreciated Markus researching the matter prior to
making the grant application. "That was a good catch," Shock said. "That's the
first time we heard Church Street didn't meet ODOT standards."

* In other matters, council approved a resolution adopting the solid waste
management plan for the Montgomery County Solid Waste Management District.
Montgomery County needs an approval of the resolution from at least 60 percent
of the local municipalities.

The waste management plan is the result of an EPA mandate, Shock said. He said
he conferred with representatives of Brookville and found support for the
measure.

This will cost a New Lebanon resident about $1.20 additional per year through
2010 when a reduction in tipping fees (fees charged to dump trash at landfills)
will "neutralize the cost increase."

Shock said this resolution was preliminary and council would have a chance to
vote on the final plan. The six council members who were present unanimously
voted for the resolution; Carl Westfall did not attend the meeting.

* Council will consider whether the Yale Tot Park needs to be lit at night.
Residents and police have noted youths smoking in the park after dark. Markus
will look into the cost of providing lighting there.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              863 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                             June 1, 2016 Wednesday

A park without trash cans and working fountains is no fun;
Not only were the garbage bins removed, but the water fountain ran sand-dry

BYLINE: Jack Lakey Toronto Star

SECTION: GREATER TORONTO; Pg. GT4

LENGTH: 335 words


Taking trash bins out of a downtown park seems like a fine way to invite people
to toss their garbage on the ground.

That's what happened at the Huron St. Playground, where the cans were removed on
the expectation that people will carry their trash out of the park and put it in
a bin on the street.

Grant Ramsay sent us a note saying the small kids' park, at the corner of Huron
St. and Lowther Ave., had four receptacles for waste and recycling that recently
disappeared.

He called 311 and various parks officials to find out what happened, and finally
spoke to a supervisor who told him the decision to remove the bins was made by
solid waste management, and not parks.

"When I asked (him) why 311 didn't tell me that in the first place, he said they
just want to get people off the telephone," said Ramsay.

Soon after, he got a call from a "waste diversion program specialist," with
solid waste management, who confirmed that the bins were removed by her
department.

"Seems they feel the garbage cans outside the park should suffice. I believe it
has to do with bins being collected by solid waste and the (street) garbage cans
being collected by GFL.

"She said it 'doesn't make sense' to have both service the park. I guess we'll
have to differ."

We went there and noticed the park is surrounded by a waist-high fence without a
gate wide enough for a truck to get through, which makes emptying the bins more
difficult.

We also noticed that the only drinking fountain in the park is broken. The
button to trigger the water is missing and the bowl was filled with sand on the
weekend, during a period of 30 C-plus weather.

With the trash cans gone, we think it's a pretty good bet that parks staff will
be picking up a lot more garbage from the playground than before they were
removed.

Status: Parks supervisor Peter White emailed to say that when streets bins are
close at hand, it's not unusual for trash bins to be removed from such a small
park. He said a plumber will be sent there this week to fix the fountain.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              864 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                             August 1, 2008 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Philanthropy

BYLINE: AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B08

LENGTH: 164 words


Waste Management's $5,000 gift to be used for school cleanup projects

Waste Management Inc. donated $5,000 to the Keep Austin Beautiful campaign.

The funds will support the "Clean Creek Campus," a program that coordinates
student participation in projects such as creek cleanups and campus recycling
programs.

Accessibility Internet Rally looking for professionals' aid at annual event

The annual Accessibility Internet Rally is recruiting companies to participate
in the event, which is planned for Oct. 18 .

Each year, more than 120 Web professionals collaborate to create or improve Web
sites for nonprofit organizations that serve people with disabilities. Last
year, Web sites for 13 nonprofits were built or improved .

"It is a "great way to assist the community and learn techniques for Web
accessibility that can be applied universally," said Andres Carvallo, chief
information officer for Austin Energy and chairman of this year's event.

To register, visit www.knowbility.org/air-austin.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              865 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  February 6, 1995, Monday, FIVE STAR Edition

VOTERS FACE HIKE IN TRASH PICKUP FEE

BYLINE: Barb DePalma Post-Dispatch Special Correspondent

SECTION: ZONE WEST; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 484 words


Voters in University City will decide on April 4 whether they're willing to pay
28 percent more for trash collection in return for extra recycling.

Residents now pay $ 8.25 a household each month for trash pickup and maintenance
of refuse carts. The measure, known as Proposition R, would increase the
collection rate to $ 10.60 a month as of Sept. 1. City officials said passage of
Proposition R would bring in $ 427,759 a year. Of that, $ 300,000 is for the
expansion of curb-side recycling.

Currently, solid-waste collection involves weekly trash collection and biweekly
collection of yard waste, aluminum cans and newspapers. With Proposition R, the
recycling collections would be weekly and also would cover aluminum, glass,
cardboard, plastics and steel cans.

City Manager Frank Ollendorff said a fact sheet about trash collection and
recycling would be sent to all residents.

"In the past, we have seen a constant demand for more recycling services in the
city," Ollendorff said. "If we've heard one thing over the years, we've heard
that people want more recycling and they would be willing to pay more for more
services."

According to the fact sheet, trash-collection fees were last increased in April
1989. Since then, services have increased.

The fact sheet says, "The shortfall was taken from the city's general operating
fund. The city can no longer afford to supplement the cost of solid-waste
collection and maintain the current level of services . . . The city has made a
commitment not to come to the voters for another solid-waste management-fee
increase for at least three years."

University City has received grants to build a sorting facility for recyclables,
so residents themselves don't have to sort recyclable material. The recyclables
would be collected weekly with the regular trash. About $ 1.50 a month of the
proposed fee increase would pay for the expanded recycling program.

The council unanimously decided last month to place the proposition on the
ballot. Several council members called the program important.

"Passing this bill is the action we need to take to bring about significant
improvements in refuse collection and recycling," said Councilman Paul Schoomer,
2nd Ward.

In other business, the council approved spending $ 23,259 from last year's bond
issue to provide new playground equipment for Mooney Park. The bid, awarded to
Roger Hutchinson and Associates, is less than the $ 26,500 allocated from the
bond issue.

The council also approved $ 2,866 for an eight-week pilot recreation program for
sixth- to eighth-graders at McNair School, 8136 Groby Road. The program, offered
through the YMCA, would begin in April and would serve 25 children, four days a
week for three hours after school.

The YMCA would provide recreational activities. The YMCA will evaluate the
program to determine whether to continue or expand it.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              866 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times (Munster, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 7, 2015 Wednesday

Two outsiders to pitch reforms for Lake County waste district

BYLINE: Marc Chase, The Times, Munster, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 557 words


Jan. 07--Reform is on the minds of two job candidates seeking the helm of Lake
County's solid waste district and a way forward from the controversies
embroiling the government recycling agency for much of 2014.

Larry Barker, one candidate seeking the Lake County Solid Waste Management
District's executive director post, said stringent internal controls for both
spending and performance would be his leadership hallmarks.

When he addresses the 27-member solid waste board Thursday in a special job
candidate interview session, Barker, of Bloomington, Ind., said he'll highlight
his seven years running a similar agency in Monroe County. He'll also stress
leadership qualities gleaned from a 28-year U.S. Army career from which he
retired as a lieutenant colonel.

Barker said strict internal controls and discipline would be key to avoiding
government waste and spending scandals, which contributed to the September
firing of the previous executive director.

Barker said the agency's focus needs to be on promoting recycling -- a main
tenet for such agencies prescribed by state law -- and ensuring municipalities
are using district-issued recycling grants for that purpose.

A second candidate for the position, John F. Minear III, of Arizona, also
believes certain reforms could prevent future spending controversies within the
agency.

Minear, who has more than 30 years of experience working in both the public and
private sectors of the garbage and emergency management industries, said the key
is transparency.

He plans to tell the board Thursday of plans for posting all government
documents, budgets and other spending items on the waste district's website for
public viewing.

Both Barker and Minear are outsiders to the waste district and Lake County
government.

Barker is director of the Monroe County Solid Waste Management District
downstate. Minear is currently the solid waste/air quality manager for the city
of Buckeye, Ariz.

The third finalist for the director's position, Clifford Duggan, already works
as the agency's full-time staff attorney.

Duggan said he would reserve details of his pitch to the board for the 6 p.m.
Thursday interview meeting at the Lake County Government Center auditorium in
Crown Point.

All three candidates are expected to give full presentations during the meeting,
detailing their vision for an agency still reeling from scandal.

A new executive director is expected to be hired at the board's Jan. 15 meeting.

The board terminated the contract of former Executive Director Jeff Langbehn in
September.

A Times inquiry revealed Langbehn used a government credit card in May to
purchase a $751.14 designer purse and accessories as a gift for a female
subordinate. The board fired him about four months later, with some members
saying Langbehn misled them by calling the item purchased a briefcase.

Since Langbehn's ouster, subsequent Times investigations of agency spending
during his tenure have revealed thousands of dollars spent on what some board
members have dubbed "luxury" items, including expensive meals; Chicago theater
tickets and hotel stays for a past board member and his family; and thousands of
dollars in high-end outdoor jackets and other clothing for employees.

___ (c)2015 The Times (Munster, Ind.) Visit The Times (Munster, Ind.) at
www.nwitimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150107-MU-Two-outsiders-to-pitch-reforms-for-Lake-County-waste-district-201501
07

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MU


                            Copyright 2015 The Times


                              867 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                            February 22, 2010 Monday
                                 Final Edition

City looking at higher disposal fee

BYLINE: Frank Peebles, The Citizen

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 548  words


A major financial deficit at the landfill site is causing the Regional District
to boost tipping fees there.

This will mostly be borne by industrial users and the City of Prince George,
which piles all its garbage there after collecting it from local homes.

This confirmation came after, as was reported in Friday's Citizen, city
councillor Cameron Stolz brought it up in budget deliberations as a question for
Mayor Dan Rogers and the other three councillors who sit as directors on the
board of the Regional District of Fraser-Fort George.

City officials ought to have known before now if there was going to be a major
boost in regional district tipping fees, Stolz contended, so the city could
prepare its budget accordingly.

"As part of the 2010 budget discussions for the RDFFG, the directors have been
asked to consider a tipping fee increase of $14.50 for a total of $62.50 per
tonne," The Citizen was told by Petra Wildauer, General Manager of Environmental
Services for the RDFFG. "This increase applies only to municipal solid waste and
construction and demolition waste. The reasoning behind the proposed increase -
I say proposed as our board won't be making a final decision on this until our
March meeting - is related to two main factors."

Those two main factors are: the deficit caused by a downturn last year at the
landfill gate, and an expected increase in costs this coming year.

"There are some significant challenges the board is wrestling with that might
impact users within the city but likely not until late 2010 or 2011," Rogers
said. "And it may also be dependent on some decisions around policy that the
board deals with in the coming months."

There is also a proposed tax increase to partially offset the landfill's
shortfalls and expected expenses. Rogers said the gap was calculated at about
$2.1 or 2.2 million, but that no choices had been finalized on what revenue
streams would be used to bring that down to zero.

"The total deficit for the Solid Waste budget for 2009 is $747,715," said
Wildauer, itemizing the shortfall. "The proposed solid waste budget for 2010 is
$9.9 million, which represents an increase of $3.4 million over 2009.
Approximately $2 million of that increase relates to capital projects which will
have costs covered through various grant programs or reserve funds. The
remaining amount of $1.4 million is added to the 2009 deficit for a funding gap
of $2.1 million."

She said that the solid waste management budget was one of the most complex in
the regional district's array of financial considerations, and added that the
issue is not exclusive to our area.

She said that the City of Vancouver and the Fraser Valley Regional District are
both looking at $11 increases this year, the Cowichan Valley and Capital
Regional Districts are both increased by $5, the City of Kamloops increased
theirs by $35.

"Also, by comparison, the proposed rate of $62.50 is in line with many other
jurisdictions across the province," she said. "Tipping fees in most areas range
from $60 to $135," per tonne.

The city's garbage collection program has to, by regulation, be self-sustaining.
Should the regional district's proposed fee increases come to pass, it will
almost automatically mean the price of each home's garbage collection will go up
significantly.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              868 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              March 4, 2011 Friday

USA: State Economic Development Director Announces $3.2 Million Available for
Recycling Programs

LENGTH: 477  words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


CHICAGO, March 04 -- The State Of Illinois has issued following press release:

Illinois Department of Commerce and Economic Opportunity (DCEO) Director Warren
Ribley today announced that $3.2 million is available to assist local
governments, businesses, and other public and private sector entities enhance
their recycling efforts. The programs are funded through the Solid Waste
Management fund, which is a dedicated funding source that is supported by a
surcharge on garbage being landfilled in Illinois.

"Recycling used materials can create six to 10 times more jobs as opposed to
discarding them in a landfill," said Director Ribley. "This funding will help
public and private sector entities across the state increase their recycling
efforts, helping them save on energy and reduce waste, while also creating new
'green sector' jobs, which will help fuel our economic growth."

The State Energy Office at DCEO, Division of Recycling and Waste Reduction,
administers four core programs:

* Illinois Recycling Grants Program (IRGP) provides matching grants to assist
local governments and businesses fund traditional recycling (fiber, plastic,
metal and glass) projects. Applications for the IRGP program are currently being
accepted. The applications are due March 16, 2011, and are available at
www.illinoisrecycles.com. Grant funds may be used to purchase project-related
capital equipment such as collection, processing or handling equipment and
project-related expansion and modernization costs.

* Recycling Expansion and Modernization Program (REM) provides matching grants
to Illinois businesses to accomplish recycling market expansion and waste
reduction goals.

* Food Scrap Composting Revitalization & Advancement Program (F-SCRAP) will fund
projects to advance Illinois' food scrap composting infrastructure. Food scraps
from households, grocery stores, farmer's markets, restaurants, college
facilities, and food packaging operations account for 12 percent of all
municipal solid waste landfilled in Illinois.

* The Zero Waste Schools Program provides educational and technical assistance
about zero waste programs and practices to Illinois schools.

An economic impact study released by DCEO last year details the vital role the
recycling industry plays in the Illinois economy. The study indicates 40,000
people in 2,173 Illinois establishments are directly employed in the industry,
and that recycling is responsible for 111,500 direct, indirect and induced jobs
with a $3.6 billion payroll. In terms of total economic activity, the industry
is responsible for $30.3 billion in gross receipts.

For more information please contact info@plusmediasolutions.c Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              869 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            April 28, 2012 Saturday

Welfare projects for newly-annexed areas in Madurai

SECTION: MADURAI

LENGTH: 425 words


MADURAI: The city corporation has chalked out a series of welfare projects to
develop the erstwhile panchayats and town panchayats annexed with the
corporation recently. The civic body has planned to implement a Rs 40 crore
solid waste management project for the three municipalities, three town
panchayats and 11 village panchayats annexed to the corporation. The solid waste
management works will commence soon as Rs 10 crore has been sanctioned.

During the council meeting on Wednesday, mayor V V Rajan Chellappa said that a
Detailed Project Report (DPR) was prepared under the Integrated Urban
Development Scheme (IUDS) 2012 where the corporation sought Rs 40.12 crore for
solid waste management projects in the newly annexed areas. After the
corporation approval on January 30, 2012, the DPR was sent for the approval of
the municipal administration commissioner and the first phase of funds of Rs 10
crore has been sanctioned in the current fiscal year. The corporation will
procure 400 dumper bins, 125 compactor bins and two compactor trucks for the
worth of Rs 3.70 crores. The tenders for the same were called and work orders
were awarded to two companies, the mayor informed the council. The corporation
has also called for tenders to procure 50 dumper trucks for the cost of Rs 6.12
crores to clear solid waste from the newly annexed areas. The mayor sought the
council's approval to grant the tenders and sent the proposal to tender award
committee at municipal administration commissioner. The council passed both the
resolutions during the meeting. City commissioner (incharge), Arumuga Nayanar
said that the corporation had already provided two bins each to the newly
annexed areas. "We are repairing another 25 bins and will provide these bins to
the areas where a lot of garbage is accumulated. As soon as the government
sanctions the tenders we will get the additional materials for solid waste
management for these areas," he said.

The corporation is also working on providing drinking water facilities to the
newly annexed areas through the Cauvery Joint Drinking Water Scheme. "We expect
that the drinking water facilities will be provided in a year and we are also
working on underground drainage facility to the new areas," he said.

During the meeting, the council also passed the resolution on leasing 25
tractors and trailers from Madurai District Agricultural Engineering Cooperative
Society to clear the garbage from the extension areas as well as some places in
the old corporation limits.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              870 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            December 5, 2010 Sunday

Garbage funds: CCP caught in mess

SECTION: GOA

LENGTH: 404 words


PANAJI: While Panaji has been gripped by a waste management crisis for over the
last three years, information sought under the RTI Act reveals that the
Corporation of City of Panaji (CCP) had received funds of 8 crore for waste
management from the state government over the same period. While the opposition
corporators in the CCP questioned as to how the funds were used, civic officials
replied that most of the funds were used towards land acquisition.

The RTI documents from the directorate of municipal administration (DMA) was
availed of by corporator Surendra Furtado, who alleges that the government had
given a total budget of 8 crore to the CCP to purchase property for a garbage
treatment plant at Bainguinim, near Heera petrol pump at Patto, Taleigao and
Dona Paula.

The RTI document states that in February 2006, the government released a grant
-in-aid of 16.92 lakh for the construction of composting stations to the CCP.

In May 2006, grant-in-aid of around 17.08 lakh was released towards the purchase
of an excavator, and in June 2006, the government released around 54.96 lakh for
other purchases to the CCP.

In November 2008, the CCP was yet again granted an amount of 43 lakh towards the
acquisition of land for an integrated sanitary landfill and solid waste
management site for CCP at Bainguinim.

In June 2009, two separate amounts of around 46.99 lakh and 21.60 lakh were
released for land acquisition for setting up of a dry recyclable material
sorting centre and compost station, and towards the collection, transportation
and disposal of the waste from hotels and restaurants, respectively. "Where has
the money been spent?" asked Furtado.

When contacted, CCP commissioner Elvis Gomes said all funds were spent in a
diligent manner on specified projects.

Gomes said that the 8 crore received during 2006 and 2009 included a 1 crore
grant allotted by the state (to all municipalities) every year.

"Around 4.60 crore was paid towards land acquisition at Bainguinim. Also, 55
lakh and 49 lakh was paid seperately for land acquired at La Marvel Colony, Dona
Paula and behind Heera petrol pump opposite the KTC bus stand for garbage
treatment," he said.

These amounts were deposited with the EDC and paid to the parties concerned
after the award by the collector, he said, adding that another 69 lakh is being
spent for the construction of a compound wall at the Bainguinim site.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              871 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                      Courier Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                             March 3, 2005 Thursday

Float of Peabody's waste disposal giant in pipeline

BYLINE: Tony Grant-Taylor

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 351 words


THE long-awaited float of Brisbane-based multi-millionaire Terry Peabody's waste
management business, valued at up to $400 million, is back on the agenda, with
market sources expecting a prospectus to be lodged in the next month or so.

The float of Transpacific Industries, which is being handled by investment
bankers UBS and Macquarie Bank, is expected to seek about $200 million from the
public -- with part of that expected to top up Mr Peabody's already substantial
personal kitty.

But the interesting thing will be how much Transpacific keeps in hand, with a
view to rationalising what remains a reasonably fragmented industry in
Australia.

There are some suggestions in the marketplace that Transpacific may see
synergies in a relationship with already listed Kiwi competitor Waste Management
NZ or compete with it to take one of the offshore owned operators out.

Brambles' Cleanaway is one of the country's bigger waste management operators,
as are SITA and Onyx -- both controlled offshore -- and the privately owned JJ
Richards.

Transpacific owns Nationwide Oil, a specialist in hazardous materials disposal,
the Zappaway liquid waste operation and Environmental Recovery Services,
Australia's largest industrial solvent recycler. Transpacific is said to be
expecting a net profit in the current financial year of about $30 million and
$35 million in 2006.

A float of Transpacific will help crystallise more of the Peabody fortune,
essentially based on a lifetime in the trucking industry.

Mr Peabody, estimated to be worth as much as $350 million, had a major stake in
North American-based Western Star Trucks which was sold to a DaimlerChrysler
operation, Freightliner, in 2000 for $C670 million ($A690 million).

Mr Peabody retained Western Star Australia, paying Freightliner $C39 million for
the operations which keep distribution rights to Western Star products in
Australia, New Zealand and the Asia-Pacific.

Mr Peabody keeps a low public profile but runs a substantial motor yacht and
also built the posh Craggy Range winery in New Zealand.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 2005 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              872 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                         Morning Star (Wilmington, NC)

                          November 16, 2000, Thursday

BRUNSWICK PEOPLE / One person's trash another's treasure at swap shop

BYLINE: JOE STALVEY, Brunswick UpClose Editor

SECTION: UpClose; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 700 words


SUPPLY -- Most people go to a landfill to get rid of stuff. But starting last
month, visitors to the Brunswick County landfill might find something to take
home.

In an effort to promote recycling and keep some material out of the solid waste
stream, the county has opened a swap shop at the landfill. The rules are simple:
Visitors who drop off an item they no longer need can rummage around and take
something in exchange. Anyone dropping off recycled materials can also take an
item from the shop, which is housed in a small metal building next to the
landfill's drive-on scale.

Stephanie Rumley, the county's solid waste and recycling coordinator, said the
swap shop idea has become fairly common in other areas. Ms. Rumley heard about
the concept at a conference on recycling in rural counties she attended last
December.

The state's Department of the Environment and Natural Resources has set a goal
of having swap shops in every county in North Carolina, she said.

Ms. Rumley applied for a grant from DENR to help pay for the shop, and the
county received $ 3,500, which helped pay construction costs on the
21-by-24-foot building. At a recent grand opening, state officials presented the
county with a plaque recognizing the county's effort to reduce solid waste.

"It reduces landfill space; it also encourages recycling," Ms. Rumley said.
"We're hoping to keep some stuff out of the waste stream."

Brunswick County is the first in this area to get a state grant for a swap shop,
said Jim Hickman, a waste management analyst with DENR. Mr. Hickman said there
are about 30 swap shops at landfills throughout the state.

The swap shop will be able to offer for reuse things such as couches and chairs,
plastic toys, housewares and other items that would otherwise end up being
carted to Sampson County by Waste Industries, the company that Brunswick
contracts with for solid waste disposal. On only its second day in operation
last month, the shop had a bicycle, a container full of toys, several boxed
games and an array of household items.

While the shelves at the shop were still mostly empty, Ms. Rumley said she's
confident the shop will fill up as people get in the habit of dropping off their
old items. The shop will be open on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday.

"We get a lot of people out here," she said.

The week before Halloween, the landfill clocked 650 visits and took in two tons
of materials.

Anything that helps increase recycling and decrease the amount of solid waste is
worth trying, Ms. Rumley said. Brunswick has had to deal with an increase in the
amount of solid waste, spurred by the county's population growth, at a time of
increasing disposal costs and increasingly stringent regulation of landfills.

The county closed its municipal solid waste landfill here -- the one that
accepted common household trash and garbage -- in 1998 and began paying Waste
Industries to haul it away. Garbage and discarded items are loaded on trucks at
a transfer station here. Waste Industries provides pickup throughout the county,
but residents can also bring garbage to the landfill or drop it at any of the
county's four convenient sites.

The facility still accepts C&D -- construction and demolition -- debris, but
that area of the landfill is expected to be full in about four years, Ms. Rumley
said. The county will then have to decide whether to expand the C&D landfill,
pay to have such material hauled away or build a new facility.

The landfill also accepts, for varying fees, yard debris, old appliances, tires
and discarded mobile homes.

Recycling helps reduce hauling fees and extend the life of landfills, but rural
counties like Brunswick face special challenges in promoting recycling. While
some of the county's cities and towns pay a special fee to Waste Industries to
provide curbside recycling, many county residents have to make a special trip to
dispose of recyclable materials. There are now 12 drop-off sites for
recyclables, including the landfill.

The county handled a total of 2,654 tons of recyclable material between July
1999 and June 2000, said Sheila Rivenbark, special project assistant for the
solid waste unit.


LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CURTIS K. BIASI. Stephanie Rumley (left) and Martha Casper stand in
front of the newly opened swap shop at the county landfill. The county opened
the swap shop in an effort to keep some items out of theout of the solid waste
stream. Residents can drop off useable items and solid waste stream. Residents
can drop off useable items and pick out something in exchange. Ms. Rumley is the
countyAEs solid waste and recycling coordinator. Ms. Casper is a solid waste
officer.

                   Copyright 2000 Wilmington Star-News, Inc.


                              873 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Coal Valley News, Madison, W.Va

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          December 24, 2014 Wednesday

BRIEF: Boone County awarded recycling grant

BYLINE: Fred Pace, Coal Valley News, Madison, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 199 words


Dec. 24--Boone County was one of 30 recipients awarded grants worth $1.8 million
through the REAP (Rehabilitation Environmental Action Plan) Recycling Assistance
Grants program, sponsored by the West Virginia Department of Environmental
Protection.

D & D Recycling was awarded $37,439 to purchase a mini excavator, drive on
scale, steel storage building and lifting magnet for the ongoing operation.

DEP Cabinet Secretary Randy Huffman presented the 2015 grants during a ceremony
at the agency's headquarters in Kanawha City.

Grants were awarded to state solid waste authorities, county commissions,
municipalities, private industries and nonprofit organizations to assist them in
their recycling efforts.

Funding for the Recycling Assistance Grants Program is generated through the $1
assessment fee per ton of solid waste disposed of at in-state landfills and is
provided by WV Code 22-15A-19(h) (1).

Fred Pace is the editor for the Coal Valley News. He can be contacted at
fpace@civitasmedia.com or at 304-369-1165, or on Twitter @fcpace62

___ (c)2014 the Coal Valley News (Madison, W.Va.) Visit the Coal Valley News
(Madison, W.Va.) at www.coalvalleynews.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141224-1WV-BRF-Boone-County-awarded-recycling-grant-1224-20141224

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1WV


                    Copyright 2014 Coal Valley News, Madison


                              874 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                    Times-News (Burlington, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 23, 2012 Thursday

Grant would help county recycle manufactured homes

BYLINE: Molly McGowan, Times-News, Burlington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 507 words


Aug. 23--A state grant Alamance County is pursuing would make it easier for the
county to demolish abandoned manufactured homes and recycle the materials and
save homeowners the cost of transporting the home to a landfill.

Alamance County Planning Manager Jason Martin spoke to Burlington city
councilmen Tuesday. Burlington adopted a resolution in support of amending
Alamance County's Solid Waste Plan, and if other municipalities follow suit, the
county can apply for a grant that would allow the county to demolish abandoned
manufactured homes on private property, and recycle the homes' materials.

Currently, Martin said, the county has a program in its Solid Waste Plan that
allows owners of manufactured homes to take them to the Alamance County landfill
for deconstruction.

According to a memo sent to councilmen by County Manager Craig Honeycutt, the
existing removal program requires the homeowner to pay half the cost of moving
the manufactured home to the landfill, and Alamance County covers the other
half. However, Martin said, the county recovers that money when it recycles and
sells the materials from the deconstructed home.

"The county is considering applying for a grant from (the) N.C. Department of
Environment and Natural Resources," said Martin. "This particular program is
only available to counties," he said.

The grant would offset the costs of deconstructing abandoned manufactured homes
on private property, instead of transporting them to the landfill, said Martin.

According to the memo, manufactured homes would be designated as abandoned on a
complaint basis by others or by the homeowners themselves, and deconstructed by
demolition companies provided by the county.

Items like tires, white goods, mercury switches and fluorescent bulbs would be
removed before demolition and taken to the landfill for proper disposal. From
there, demolition companies would be responsible for recycling materials, and
could keep any profits, the memo states.

"The terms of the grant are one year," Martin said. "After that, we can continue
to apply for funding."

He said the first year, Alamance County would be eligible to receive $40,000,
since the funds would help cover the initial startup costs. After that first
year, Martin said the county could apply for a $37,500 grant.

The grant can be used for homes within municipal limits, so all the
municipalities under Alamance County's waste management plan have to be on
board.

So far, Graham, Mebane, Green Level, Elon and now Burlington have given their
support of the amendment, said Martin, who's making a presentation to the
village of Alamance on Thursday.

Martin said he hopes to acquire the municipalities' formal support in time to
take the grant amendment to Alamance County commissioners in September. From
there, he figures the state should respond by October, and the county could
ideally implement the program the first of next year.

___ (c)2012 Times-News (Burlington, N.C.) Visit Times-News (Burlington, N.C.) at
www.thetimesnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120823-BT-Grant
-would-help-county-recycle-manufactured-homes-0823-20120823

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                           Copyright 2012 Times-News


                              875 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           October 16, 2008 Thursday
                                NIAGARA EDITION

County out on limb for tree grinder reimbursement;
State disappoints, but officials are calm

BYLINE: By Thomas J. Prohaska - NEWS NIAGARA BUREAU

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 548 words

DATELINE: LOCKPORT


Niagara County has received reimbursement from the state for a giant grinder it
bought several years ago -- but less than half of what it had anticipated.

The $114,800 check from the state Department of Environmental Conservation is a
far cry from the $291,000 county officials had been expecting, but Richard P.
Pope, Refuse Disposal District director, said he's not inclined to argue about
it.

That's because the county has been earning money by renting the $600,000 hammer
mill, which is commonly referred to as the Gruendler after its brand name, to
municipalities.

"The revenue we got far outweighed the grant. The grant was just frosting on the
cake," Pope said.

The refuse district used the machine to smash up 3,178 tons of fallen trees and
limbs after the October Surprise snowstorm in 2006, renting the machine to North
Tonawanda, Niagara Falls, Youngstown, Wilson and Wheatfield.

That was the Gruendler's finest hour. The county received about $170,000 in
Federal Emergency Management Agency reimbursements after that.

Its use has continued; 1,027 tons of green wood were mashed by the unit last
year, for example.

The machine also has been used to smash up material dumped in the county's own
construction and demolition landfill -- 4,934 tons in the last three years.

By doing that, the county clears space in the landfill to sell to those needing
to dispose of more debris. The shards of building material are used to bolster
the leaky cap on a closed garbage landfill next to the construction and
demolition landfill.

It's that use that the DEC sees as a reason to deny full reimbursement.

"Those costs aren't eligible [for reimbursement] because it's not considered
recycling," DEC spokeswoman Megan Gollwitzer said. "Using the grinder to grind
materials that will then be given to residents for use as mulch is considered
recycling and is therefore an eligible cost reimbursement through the grant."

"It's beneficial reuse," Pope argued. "The whole point of this was to keep green
waste from going into the landfill."

The refuse district has continued to smash up green wood downed in local
communities. That material is converted into mulch and made available to
homeowners.

The DEC allows 50 percent reimbursement for equipment bought to

improve local recycling infrastructure, reduce waste generation and collect
household hazardous waste.

County legislators were told last year by County Manager Gregory D. Lewis that
they needed to pass a solid-waste management plan and create a new
$53,498-a-year full-time job, dubbed environmental science coordinator, in order
to get the DEC to release the reimbursement on the grinder.

The county did so -- Dawn M. Walczak started work in April, and the county has
created an unsalaried Solid Waste Management Council to promote recycling -- but
the DEC still didn't pay as much as the county had expected.

"You try for the whole loaf and you get part," said Legislator John D. Ceretto,
R-Lewiston, chairman of the refuse district board. "We totally believe in the
Gruendler. . . . It is good equipment, and it is needed."

The county bought the machine in 2002 with revenue obtained when it sold bonds
on Wall Street backed by the sale of its share of the national lawsuit
settlement with the major tobacco companies.

e-mail: tprohaska@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              876 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 5, 1989, Thursday, Final Edition

BYLINE: Anne Simpson

SECTION: DISTRICT WEEKLY; PAGE J7; IN BRIEF

LENGTH: 478 words


Tutors Needed for Homeless Children

The Coalition for Homeless Children needs volunteers to tutor young residents of
the Capitol City Inn shelter in math, writing, reading, English and history.

The effort is being steered by members of Concerned Black Men Inc., the
Coalition of 100 Black Women, For My People Inc. and other groups. For
information, call 462-3900.

'Common Sense' Symposium on Waste

The Institute for Local Self-Reliance and the League of Women Voters of Prince
George's County will hold a public symposium, "Common Sense Solid Waste
Management: A Case Study of Solid Waste Management in Prince George's County,"
on Jan. 28 at the Howard Johnson's Plaza Hotel, 8500 Annapolis Rd., New
Carrollton.

The topics will include the technology of waste, successful and unsuccessful
recycling, economic development from recycled materials, and waste management in
the Washington region.

For information, call 332-9021.

Hearing on D.C. Block Grant Program

The D.C. Department of Housing and Community will hold a public hearing on the
city's 15th Year Community Development Block Grant Program on Jan. 18. The
hearing will begin at 7 p.m. at the Department of Commerce Auditorium, on 14th
Street between E Street and Constitution Avenue NW.

Residents are invited to give their views on housing and community development
needs and on community development program performance in the city.

A sign language interpreter will be available. To get on the speakers' list,
call 535-1540 by noon Jan. 17.

Written statements may be submitted for the record until 4:45 p.m. Jan. 25. They
should be directed to William Hobbs, Department of Housing and Community
Development, 1133 North Capitol St. NE, Washington, D.C. 20002.

Actors Needed for DC Art/Works

DC Art/Works needs actors and actresses who can make a 16-week commitment for
the spring season. They must be at least 18 years of age.

An original script will be produced for secondary schools, correctional
facilities and public performance spaces in the area.

All positions are paid. Applicants must be District residents.

For information, call Richard McNair, 727-3412.

'I Have a Dream' Oratorical Contest

The Young Adult Services Division of the D.C. Public Library and the Federal
City Alumnae Chapter of the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority are sponsoring the "I
Have a Dream: Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Oratorical Contest."

Entrants must be ages 12 to 19 years, and must deliver a passage from black
literature or recite a black person's speech or sermon.

Winners of the grand competition will receive $ 100 savings bonds. For
information, call 727-5535.

New Place for City Typing Tests

Applicants for city jobs requiring a typing test may now take those tests at the
Department of Human Services offices serving their neighborhoods. For more
information, call 727-6099.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                              877 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           Star News (Wilmington, NC)

                             May 24, 2006 Wednesday

Proposed moratorium may slow Hugo Neu

BYLINE: Mark Schreiner, Raleigh Bureau Chief

SECTION: FRONT PAGE; Pg. 1A, 4A

LENGTH: 693 words


Raleigh | The battle over the Sims Hugo Neu project and about a dozen other
proposed landfills may merge with the struggle over the state budget.

This week, state senators are set to approve an $18.8 billion state spending
plan. Buried in the thick document is an order to stop the opening of new
landfills.

"I think it's a good idea to slow down and take a look," said state Sen. R.C.
Soles, D-Columbus.

The moratorium would delay the approval process for the landfill and recycling
center Sims Hugo Neu has proposed for Navassa and the Riegel Ridge site in
eastern Columbus County planned by Waste Management Inc.

If the budget provision is adopted, the N.C. Division of Waste Management could
not accept new permit applications or issue permits to design, build or open a
new landfill between July 1 and Jan. 1, 2008.

During that time, according to the proposal in the Senate budget, state
environmental regulators would study financial, engineering, traffic and other
issues related to landfills. A report would then be made to the N.C. General
Assembly next year.

The moratorium plan was brought, in part, because of concern over the number of
pending proposals for landfills in the state and that they seemed concentrated
in rural and poor sections of Eastern North Carolina. In addition to sites in
Brunswick and Columbus counties, landfill permit applications are pending for
sites in Camden, Hyde and Richmond counties.

Industry interests, however, said any regulatory halt would lead to higher
disposal prices.

"If you reduce supply while demand is increasing, prices go up," said Greg
Peverall, principal developer of the Riegel Ridge project. "If permit process is
halted for process, it is quite obvious we reduce" landfill capacity.

The proposed moratorium follows bills filed in the Senate and House to kill the
Sims Hugo Neu project by giving control of the land where it would be built in
Navassa to the Brunswick County Commissioners.

It was released Tuesday as part of the Senate's 160-page budget plan and
includes the words from a landfill moratorium bill submitted earlier this month
by state Sen. Clark Jenkin, D-Edgecombe.

Such policy items are often added the budget to increase their chances of swift
approval. In addition to the policy items, the budget bill includes proposals to
cut sales taxes, raise teacher salaries and build a new School of Nursing at the
University of North Carolina Wilmington.

A call seeking comment from Sims Hugo Neu was not returned by Tuesday evening.

Since 1998, Waste Management has sought to build a landfill in Columbus County
for municipal waste generated by homes and businesses within a 100-mile radius.
The latest step in the environmental review process has taken more than six
years, he said. The final permit to open the landfill may not be issue for three
or four more years.

"If anything, that should show how thorough the current process is," Peverall
said.

Environmental interests disagree.

"If the process we have requires that it take that long to stop a bad project,
then it is a bad process," said Lou Zeller, a community organizer with the Blue
Ridge Environmental Defense League.

The league opposes the Riegel Ridge and Sims Hugo Neu proposals.

Approving a landfill in North Carolina

1. Obtain franchise: Before any regulatory review begins, a local government
must grant a company a landfill franchise, which is essentially permission to
find suitable land.

2. Get local permission: The local government must review a feasibility study
and concept drawing submitted by the franchisee and then grant permission to
proceed. The reports can take a year to produce.

3. Obtain first state permit: The first review considers whether the chosen site
is suitable for a landfill. This review of archaeological, geological and
weather data can take five or more years.

4. Obtain second permit: If a site suitability permit is issued, the applicant
designs the landfill. The second permit is permission to construct. Construction
typically takes a year to complete.

5. Obtain third permit: Once constructed, a final permit is needed to open the
landfill.

Mark Schreiner: (919) 835-1434

mark.schreiner@starnewsonline.com

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              878 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 1, 2013 Tuesday

Oregon: Federal government shutdown wouldn't have immediate impacts at Metro

LENGTH: 262  words

DATELINE: Salem


City of Metro, The State of Oregon has issued the following news release:

An impending shutdown of the federal government won't immediately impact Metro's
operations, regional government officials said Monday, but a protracted shutdown
could pose problems.

Metro's consumer-level operations - its regionally-managed solid waste systems,
natural areas, parks, golf course, cemeteries and visitor venues - won't see any
direct impacts from a closure of the federal government.

"While we do receive some federal grant funds, none of those funds are due in
the next few months," said Jim Desmond, director of Metro's Sustainability
Center. "We are fortunate that the vast majority of our funding is local, coming
either from the generous support of the voters of the region who passed both a
bond measure and an operating levy to support our work in protecting natural
areas, or in the case of solid waste and recycling programs, from the solid
waste regional system fees."

A shutdown could pose some headaches for Metro's planning department but
probably wouldn't affect operations.

Metro has $6.7 million in federal grants in its budget for the current fiscal
year, which runs from July 1, 2013 to June 30, 2014. That's about 10 percent of
all of Metro's general fund revenues. About 45 percent of the revenue for
Metro's planning and research departments comes from federal grants.

A memo released by the U.S. Department of Transportation indicated that in the
event of a shutdown, grant funding could be cut off.

For further information please visit: http://news.oregonmetro.gov

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              879 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               May 3, 1990, THURSDAY, ILLINOIS FIVE STAR Edition

RECYCLING, COMPOSTING DISCUSSED

BYLINE: Darrell McWhorter Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1I

LENGTH: 774 words


St. Clair County officials met with members of the county board Tuesday night to
discuss composting, curbside recycling and the status of local landfills.  The
meeting, called by Frank Boyne, D-Belleville, chairman of the county board's
environment committee, was attended by mayors of several municipalities, council
members and the county sheriff.  Illinois state law requires that by July 1 no
landfill in the state accept truckloads containing leaves or grass unless the
landfill is equipped with a separate composting center. Two of the three
landfills in the county have composting centers already in place. They are BFI
and Waste Management. The third landfill, Laidlaw, will not have composting at
its St. Clair County landfill.  The 65 officials and county residents who
attended the meeting were told by Boyne that ''the time to settle any questions
or differences about this issue is now. The first of July will be here soon.''
The environment committee also met last week with area waste haulers who said
they planned to encourage people to be more aware of the different kinds of
waste.  Boyne, who is opposed to building any new landfills in the county, said
he was excited about the possibility of composting as well as curbside
recycling.  After the meeting, Boyne said: ''I have said it before and I will
say it again - there will be a new landfill built in this county over my dead
body.'' The authority to build new landfills rests with the counties in
Illinois. Legislation being considered may change all that and take away a
county's power to veto a landfill.  Boyne said he did not think that the
legislation stood a chance this year.  ''It's an election year, and it is the
kind of issue that could cost someone their seat.'' St. Clair County lacks a
curbside recycling program. Three Madison County towns already have programs in
place, much to the dismay of Boyne and fellow board member Wade H. Brunsmann,
D-Belleville.  ''I can't believe they are out in front of us on this one,''
Brunsmann bemoaned.  Boyne said, ''If they can do it, we surely can do it too.''
Edwardsville, Glen Carbon and Collinsville have recycling programs in place.
Madison County hired a specialist last year to look into grants and programs for
recycling and other waste-conservation measures.  Illinois counties with
populations of 1,000 or more still have until March 1, 1991 to submit to the
Illinois Environmental Protection Agency an official plan for the management of
municipal waste generated within its boundaries for the next 20 years.  St.
Clair County Sheriff Mearl Justus, who attended the meeting, said that on July
1, the first day of the composting law, sheriff's deputies would be posted at
county landfills to ensure proper disposal of leaves and grass.  Offenders could
face fines of up to $500.  Boyne said he thought residents were ready for
composting and curbside recycling. As for the others, Boyne said: ''I think we
might see a rise in roadside dumping of garbage. Let's hope not.''

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              880 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                           November 29, 2005 Tuesday

Cleanup of Cliff-Gila tire dump completed

BYLINE: Thomas J. Baird

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 742 words


Sun-News bureau chief

The Southwest Solid Waste Authority, with the assistance of the county and a
court order, has completed the cleanup of an illegal tire dump near the
fairgrounds in Cliff-Gila.

"It was right around three to five acres and it was right up against the
fairgrounds, so it was a concern for the fire marshal," said Kariann Sokulsky,
general manager for the Solid Waste Authority.

Working weekends, the project took about six months to complete. The program was
funded by a grant from the state Environment Department.

"It's hard work," Sokulsky said. "You're asking three people to lift 30,000
pounds in one day. That's 10,000 pounds per person and you've got to lift the
tires up into a baler or the truck."

Solid Waste Authority employees baled and removed more than 130 tons of scrap
tires and large industrial type tires on the Clark-Warren property. More than
9,000 loose tires were estimated to be on the site, most of which were baled and
will now be used by Grant County in soil erosion projects. The industrial sized
tires were removed to a tire reuse facility near Chaparral.

Grant County had previously obtained a court order enabling clean-up of the site
and the county and the Solid Waste Authority worked together on the project.

"The landowners were cooperative in working with our employees," said Sokulsky.
"The work was physically challenging, but the authority is proud to have worked
on this project."

Grant County Commission Chairman Henry Torres credited the landfill authority
and former County Manager Harry Burgess for getting the project rolling.

"The Cliff-Gila schools and community are now much safer," Torres said. "Grant
County wants more partnerships like this to prevent illegal dumping and protect
our natural resources."

But Clayton Ellwanger, principal of the Cliff School, said Monday he didn't have
much to comment on about the dump. The site was more than a 1e4 mile from the
school, he noted, so the dump hadn't really been an issue for the facility.

In addition to abatement of the Clark property, the Solid Waste Authority is
also working with Grant County and Phelps Dodge to clean up the Mohr property in
North Hurley.

Sokulsky said about 36,000 tires were located on the North Hurley site and
authority employees have already produced about 300 bales. The remaining tires
on the Mohr property will also be removed to the tire reuse facility near
Chaparral. The Mohr project is also entirely funded by a grant from the New
Mexico Environment Department.

"Our biggest challenge has been removing the large equipment type tires that
cannot be baled," said Sokulsky. "We have asked Phelps Dodge for help in
removing these large non-standard tires because of the company's unique
expertise and resources in environmental management."

Sokulsky said Phelps Dodge has been very receptive to helping and authority
officials are now waiting to hear back on the proposal from the U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency. A spokesman for Phelps Dodge could not be
reached for comment Monday.

Except for agricultural uses, New Mexico state statutes prohibit the
accumulation of more than 100 loose scrap tires, unless the property owner has a
permit from the State Environment Department, Sokulsky said. To obtain a permit,
an owner must plan on using the scrap tires in engineering applications, and the
same engineering requirement is true for those with less than 100 scrap tires.
Property owners must also comply with local laws regarding solid waste and loose
tires. Loose scrap tires pose fire and public health risks.

The Southwest Solid Waste Authority is the only registered tire recycling
facility in the region. Each recycled bale consists of about 100 compressed
tires, stands five feet high and weighs about a ton. The bales can be used in a
variety of engineering applications including leachete systems, soil erosion
projects, subsurface structures under roads and insulation for homes.

Earlier this year, the New Mexico Department of Transportation used more than
600 tire bales near Deming for soil erosion control as a cheaper alternative to
traditional measures.

According to Waste Age magazine, more than 290 million scrap tires were
generated by Americans in 2003. In that same year, roughly 1.8 million tires
were discarded either legally or illegally in New Mexico, according to New
Mexico magazine.

Thomas J. Baird can be reached at tbaird@scsun-news.com

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sun-News file photo; A sea of tires filled a section of the Southwest
Solid Waste Authoriy landfill south of Silver City last year. Landfill employees
were learning to bale the tires into large bricks for construction projects.
Tires constitute less than 10 percent of waste taken to landfills, but they take
up about 30 percent of the space in landfills across the country.

                      Copyright 2005 Silver City Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              881 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                            November 2, 2004 Tuesday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

BRIEFLY;
FERNANDO AWARD WINNER SET FRIDAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. N6

LENGTH: 442 words


WOODLAND HILLS - The Fernando Award Foundation will announce the finalist for
the 2005 Fernando Award at a dinner Friday at the Warner Center Marriott Hotel.

The winner will be chosen from a group of five finalists, who were selected from
an original group of 10 nominees. The finalists are Jill Banks Barad, Karl
Boeckmann, Dorothy Jean Jauck, J. Richard Leyner and William F. Powers Jr.

Each year, chambers of commerce, civic organizations, businesses and nonprofit
groups select and nominate their candidates for the Fernando Award, awarded
annually since 1958 to recognized outstanding community service in the San
Fernando Valley. The nominees are among thousands of local residents who give
their time and effort to make the Valley a better place to live.

Tickets are $100. For reservations and information, call Gloria Pollack at (818)
884-8308.

- Daily News

Canoga Park man charged in slaying

VAN NUYS - A Canoga Park man was charged with murder Monday for the Oct. 23
street shooting of a man that followed a brief conversation at a Tarzana
nightclub.

Erick Antonio Rodriguez, 21, remains jailed pending arraignment, which was
postponed to Nov. 15 in Van Nuys Superior Court.

Rodriguez, who was arrested Thursday by Los Angeles police, is accused in the
shooting death of Tae Joon Kim, 26, of Van Nuys.

He also is charged with two counts each of attempted murder and assault with a
firearm, and one count of shooting at an occupied motor vehicle.

- City News Service

Girl's fall into vat of soup is probed

PACOIMA - Police were investigating Monday whether a crime was committed when a
2-year-old girl fell in a vat of hot soup in Pacoima and was critically burned.

The girl, whose identity was not released because of her age, was scalded when
she fell headfirst into a vat of soup at a home in the 10300 block of Rincon
Avenue at 9:47 p.m. Saturday, officials said.

``Our abused child unit is looking into the matter to see if there was any
negligence or whether any type of crime was involved here,'' said LAPD Officer
Jason Lee.

- Daily News

Waste firm offers 20 cleanup grants

SUN VALLEY - Waste Management Inc., which operates Bradley Landfill, is offering
20 grants up to $1,000 to neighborhood and homeowners groups that want to host
community cleanups.

Waste Management will provide funding, plus trash and recycling bins, food, caps
and T-shirts, for neighborhood cleanups scheduled the weekends of Nov. 20-21 and
Dec. 4-5.

Applications may come from the communities around Bradley Landfill, including
Sun Valley, Arleta, Pacoima and Stonehurst. Applications are due by 5 p.m. Nov.
8. For information, call Cynthia Rodriguez at (818) 252-3146.

- Daily News

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 Digital First Media


                              882 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 February 2, 1992, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Recycling Offers Real Economy

SECTION: Section 12LI; Page 13; Column 5; Long Island Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 291 words


"Discovering Ways to Dump Garbage" [Jan. 5] did not address a very important
issue that is essential in dealing with the economic and environmental costs of
solid-waste management.

Municipalities that make recycling the key component of waste management can
prolong the life of existing nonpolluting landfills in rural areas and reduce
the high cost of incinerator use and municipal solid-waste-composting
facilities.

The answer to the garbage dilemma lies not in new disposal technology, but in
changes from disposal to reuse. But municipal programs are handicapped by lack
of demand for recyclable materials they collect.

What is needed to assure supply and demand for recycled materials is Federal and
state legislation to reverse the trend that currently emphasizes disposal by
eliminating government subsidies that discourage recycling. Packaging and
containers comprise nearly one-third of municipal solid waste. Reducing
excessive packaging and providing incentives to discourage manufacturers to
consider disposal when they design products would help lighten the load.

Recycling and source-reduction programs have become economic, as well as
environmental, imperatives. But without the help of Federal and state mandates
to spur market development, eliminate existing market inequities and support
existing local efforts, the full potential of waste management will not be
realized.

Local solid-waste-management plans should be "living" documents that are updated
as conditions, technology and economics change. Source reduction must be a major
priority, or any plan for waste management will fail.

JOHANNA NORTHAM
Southold
The writer is natural-resource director of the League of Women Voters of Suffolk
County.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              883 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Mirror (Sri Lanka)

                            March 25, 2009 Wednesday

FR petition: Court grants leave to proceed

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: Colombo


Colombo, March 25 -- The Supreme Court yesterday granted leave to proceed with a
fundamental rights petition complaining against the accumulation of garbage at a
site without a proper mode of disposal in the Kotahena area, which has given
rise to a deplorable public health hazard.

The Bench comprised Chief Justice Sarath N. Silva, Justices P.A. Ratnayake and
S.I. Imam. Court granted leave to proceed on the alleged infringement of the
Petitioners fundamental rights by the Colombo Municipal Council (CMC), the
Municipal Special Commissioner H. Sumanapala and the Municipal Commissioner J.M.
Badrani Jayawardena by the derogation of their statutory duties under and in
terms of the Municipal Councils Ordinance. Court issued an interim order
suspending the agreements by the CMC entered into with Burns Trading (Pvt) Ltd
and Burns Environmental and Technologies (Pvt) Ltd for the disposal of solid
waste generated in the City of Colombo. Court also issued an order to the CMC to
ensure proper disposal of the solid waste management system in future. Court
further issued an interim order restraining the said two companies from
interfering with the discharge of the statutory duties of the CMC in respect of
solid waste disposal and management. Court issued another interim order
directing the CMC, its Special Commissioner, Municipal Commissioner and the said
two companies as well as the Chairman of the Burns Trading (Pvt) Ltd to
immediately commence operations in respect of the proper disposal of the solid
waste accumulated at the said site. The matter was listed for March 30 to
consider further interim measures if required. The Petition was filed by the CMC
opposition leader Vasudeva Nanayakkara, members of the CMC which is presently
suspended and the residents of the Mahawatte area in Kotahena. They also cited
The Board of Investment (BOI), Central Environmental Authority (CEA) and the
Attorney General as Respondents. M.A. Sumanthiran with Gihan Gunatilake and Ms
S.A. Beling instructed by Mohan Balendra appeared for the petitioners.
President's Counsel Nihal Jayamanne appeared for the said two companies while
Sunil Abeyratne appeared for the Chairman of Burns Trading Ltd. Deputy Solicitor
General Ms Bimba Tilakaratne appeared for the Central Environmental Authority
and the Attorney General.Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily
Mirror Sri Lanka.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                      Copyright 2009 Wijeya Newspaper Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              884 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                         Gallipolis Daily Tribune, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 4, 2011 Friday

Cracking down on trash in Gallia Co.

BYLINE: Amber Gillenwater, Gallipolis Daily Tribune, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 530 words


Feb. 04--GALLIPOLIS -- Deputies with the Gallia County Sheriff's Office will
soon be intensifying their enforcement of illegal dumping and littering
regulations throughout the county thanks to an increase in grant funding from
the Gallia-Jackson-Meigs-Vinton (GJMV) Solid Waste Management District.

The Gallia County Board of Commissioners approved a contract between the GJMV
Solid Waste District and the sheriff's office during their regular meeting on
Thursday, a contract that will allow for $50,000 in funds to be transferred to
the sheriff's office to promote enforcement related to illegal dumping and
littering.

"We put a lot into that every year," Gallia County Sheriff Joe Browning
commented during the meeting. "I don't think people realize the amount of calls
that we do get about litter."

Browning reported that the $50,000 his office is receiving this year is a
dramatic increase from previous years, which could be attributed to the work of
several county commissioners in the area pushing for a larger allocation of
funds to sheriff's offices in the district. In 2010, the sheriff's office
received $25,000 from the GJMV Solid Waste District in relation to illegal
dumping and littering.

According to Browning, the sheriff's office specifically targets illegal dumping
and littering along public right-of-way and public domain areas. However,
deputies will occasionally investigate illegal dumping/littering on private
property when court-ordered or when opinions are issued by the health department
or prosecutor's office due to a public health or safety issue.

Currently, according to Browning, deputies are investigating two cases, thus far
in 2011, that have been reported to the sheriff's office in relation to illegal
dumping along Glassburn and Cora Mill roads. Browning also reported that his
agency will begin targeting illegal littering and dumping during the onset of
warmer weather and deputies are set to enforce littering laws along Safford
School Road in Green Township, an area where littering is an ongoing issue.

Browning also discussed a successful tire disposal program that began in 2009 as
a partnership between the sheriff's office and the Gallia County Health
Department.

According to Browning, the health department obtained funding for the program
and this allowed his agency, as well as community members to properly dispose of
tires that had been dumped along roadways and public domain areas. These tires
were subsequently housed in trailers placed behind the health department
facility and then unloaded, thanks to help from Gallia County Work Release
Center inmates, and transported to a recycling facility.

Browning is hopeful that this program will continue in the new year.

"I thought it was real successful last year and it gives the townships a place
to bring them to and just anyone in the community," Browning said.

To see more of the Gallipolis Daily Tribune, go to
http://www.mydailytribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Gallipolis Daily Tribune,
Ohio Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110204-YQ-Cracking-down-on-trash-in-Gallia-Co-0204-20110204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YQ


                                 Copyright 2011


                              885 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                             June 15, 2010 Tuesday

Centre's grant at stake, govt to expedite work

BYLINE: Lalmani Verma

LENGTH: 501  words

DATELINE: Lucknow


Concerns have been raised on the impact the plant would have on the village
site, which has the oldest mother tree of Dashehari variety

Fearing the loss of a Central grant of Rs 10 crore released for a solid waste
management project in Lucknow, the Uttar Pradesh government is now keen to start
work at the proposed site in Dashehari village on Hardoi Road.

The project ran into controversy after concerns were raised on the impact it
would have on the village site, which has the oldest mother tree of the
Dashehari variety and is considered to be the original source of the famous
Dashehari mango.

Lucknow Divisional Commissioner Prashant Trivedi and officials of the Uttar
Pradesh Jal Nigam, which is the nodal agency for the project, on Tuesday claimed
the project will have no harmful effect on the environment or the mango trees.

Adding that the project has already been delayed by one and half years,
officials said there is no alternative site that fulfills the required norms.

"The development of the solid waste processing plant and landfill site on the
land earmarked near Dashehari village will not affect the environment. On the
contrary, it will generate carbon dioxide that will enhance plant growth and
yield," said P K Bhukesh, Director, Construction and Design Services, Uttar
Pradesh Jal Nigam.

The cost of the project is Rs 42.92 crore and 88.40 acre land in Dashehari
village will be acquired for it. The Centre will pay 50 per cent of the project
cost, towards which it has already released the initial grant of Rs 10 crore.
"If the project is not started by December and the amount is left unutilised,
the Centre will take the money back and may stop any further release of the
grant," said Bhukesh.

Following a directive from the state Environment Committee, the Jal Nigam will
now conduct a fresh survey of the project site within the next three days to
identify the mango trees. The area reportedly has over 2,200 mango trees. "We
will ensure the orientation of the structures in such a way that these trees are
not cut," said Bhukesh, adding that only the old and non-productive trees would
be felled.

"We are waiting for environmental clearance, which is likely to come in a week.
From the date on which we get the possession of land, the project will be
completed in eight months," said Bhukesh. The government has already selected
Jyoti Buildtech to set up the project and operate it.

"In the landfill design, every precaution has been taken to avoid leakage of
leachate and uncontrolled escape of landfill gases. Excess methane gas would be
flared. Therefore, there is no danger from the construction of landfill site at
Dashehari village," Bhukesh said. The Divisional Commissioner has directed the
Jal Nigam to make a presentation of the project before the Lucknow Municipal
Commissioner and assure him that the project will not affect the environment.
Even as the nodal agency and the operator have signed the project agreement, the
Municipal Commissioner is yet to give his assent.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              886 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 19, 2016 Monday

United States Courts Opinions: United States District Court Eastern District of
Fifth Circuit: REPUBLIC WASTE SERVICES OF TEXAS, LIMITED, Plaintiff - Appellant
v. TEXAS DISPOSAL SYSTEMS, INCORPORATED, Defendant - Appellee

LENGTH: 2903  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States District Court Eastern District of Fifth Circuit has
issued the following order:



  IN THE UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE FIFTH CIRCUIT No. 15-11035
REPUBLIC WASTE SERVICES OF TEXAS, LIMITED, Plaintiff - Appellant v. TEXAS
DISPOSAL SYSTEMS, INCORPORATED, Defendant - Appellee Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Northern District of Texas USDC No. 6:14-CV-67
Before STEWART, Chief Judge, and CLEMENT and HAYNES, Circuit Judges. PER
CURIAM:* This case involves a dispute between two waste disposal service
entities, Plaintiff-Appellant Republic Waste Services of Texas, Ltd.
("Republic") and Defendant-Appellee Texas Disposal Systems, Inc. ("Texas
Disposal"). At issue is a purported conflict between the Texas Health and Safety
Code ("the Code") and an exclusive contract for solid waste disposal services
entered into by Republic and the city of San Angelo, Texas ("the City"). After a
hearing, the * Pursuant to 5TH CIR.

R. 47.5, the court has determined that this opinion should not be published and
is not precedent except under the limited circumstances set forth in 5TH CIR. R.
47.5.4. United States Court of Appeals Fifth Circuit FILED December 15, 2016
Lyle W. Cayce Clerk Case: 15-11035 Document: 00513798412 Page: 1 Date Filed:
12/15/2016 No. 15-11035 2 district court granted Texas Disposal's Rule 12(b)(6)
motion to dismiss the suit and denied as moot Republic's motion for partial
summary judgment. For the following reasons, we reverse the part of the district
court's order granting Texas Disposal's motion to dismiss, vacate the part of
the order denying as moot Republic's motion for partial summary judgment, and
remand for further proceedings. I. Facts & Procedural History In July 2013, the
City issued Texas Disposal a "Solid Waste Hauling Permit," allowing it to
transport and dispose of garbage, trash, and debris within city limits, and to
render "any service that is allowed by state law or city ordinance that does not
conflict with the City's contract with Republic . . . and the exclusive rights
granted by that contract[.]"1 Then, in July 2014, pursuant to a city ordinance,2
Republic and the City entered into an agreement titled "Special Exclusive
Contract for Solid Waste Collection and Disposal Services," with an effective
date of August 1, 2014. Under the terms of the contract, Republic was given the
exclusive right to collect, transport, and dispose of all residential and
non-residential solid waste, including temporary construction and demolition
waste. The contract also contained a provision indicating that Republic, not the
City, was responsible for enforcing its exclusivity in the event of legal
proceedings. At some point after the contract between the City and Republic went
into effect, Texas Disposal began to contract for and provide solid waste
disposal services to various construction projects in the City. Consequently,
Republic sent Texas Disposal a cease-and-desist letter stating that its own
contract with 1 Although the City issued the permit to Texas Disposal in 2013--a
year prior to entering into a contract with Republic in 2014--the terms of the
permit nevertheless prohibit Texas Disposal from rendering services that
conflict with the City's contract with Republic. 2 San Angelo, Tex., Code of
Ordinances ch. 11, art. 11.04.003(d). Case: 15-11035 Document: 00513798412 Page:
2 Date Filed: 12/15/2016 No. 15-11035 3 the City precluded Texas Disposal from
entering into construction waste disposal contracts with the City's residents
and businesses. In response, Texas Disposal acknowledged the contract between
Republic and the City but contended that its terms concerning solid waste
management services for construction projects were unenforceable due to a
conflict with Section 364.034(h) of the Code.3 Republic disagreed and sued Texas
Disposal in federal district court advancing a state law claim for tortious
interference with an existing contract. Republic also sought: (1) a declaratory
judgment as to the validity of its exclusive contract with the City, (2) an
injunction against Texas Disposal's continued waste disposal servicing of
construction projects, and (3) money damages. In lieu of an answer, Texas
Disposal filed a Rule 12(b)(6) motion to dismiss, arguing that Section
364.034(h) of the Code precluded the City from entering into exclusive contracts
for temporary construction solid waste disposal services. See Fed. R. Civ. P.
12(b)(6). Republic then filed a motion for partial summary judgment on its
declaratory judgment claim and as to liability on its tortious interference
claim. The district court conducted a hearing on both motions and rendered an
order granting Texas Disposal's motion to dismiss and denying as moot Republic's
motion for partial summary judgment. In its order, the district court reasoned
that the plain wording of Section 364.034(h) conveyed the legislature's "clear
intent to take away the City's inherent authority to grant 3 Under Section
364.034(a) of the Code, a public agency--which is defined to include
municipalities--may enter into an exclusive contract for solid waste disposal
services. Tex. Health & Safety Code Ann. § 364.034(a) ("A public agency or a
county may: (1) offer solid waste disposal service to persons in its territory;
(2) require the use of the service by those persons; (3) charge fees for the
service; and (4) establish the service as a utility separate from other
utilities in its territory."). Subsection (h) states that "[t]his section does
not apply to a private entity that contracts to provide temporary solid waste
disposal services to a construction project." Id. § 364.034(h). Case: 15-11035
Document: 00513798412 Page: 3 Date Filed: 12/15/2016 No. 15-11035 4 exclusive
[contract rights] in the specific instance of 'contracts to provide temporary
solid waste disposal services to a construction project.'" Republic filed this
appeal. II. Standard of Review "This court reviews a district court's dismissal
under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(b)(6) de novo, accepting all
well-pleaded facts as true and viewing those facts in the light most favorable
to the plaintiff." Harris Cty. v. MERSCORP Inc., 791 F.3d 545, 551 (5th Cir.
2015) (internal quotation marks omitted) (citing Toy v. Holder, 714 F.3d 881,
883 (5th Cir. 2013)). A district court's Rule 12(b)(6) dismissal may be affirmed
on any grounds raised below and supported by the record. Harris Cty., 791 F.3d
at 551. We also conduct a de novo review of a district court's denial of summary
judgment, applying the same standard as the district court. Robinson v. Orient
Marine Co., 505 F.3d 364, 365 (5th Cir. 2007). Summary judgment is appropriate
if the record evidence shows that there is no genuine issue of material fact and
that the moving party is entitled to judgment as a matter of law. Id. at 366;
Fed. R. Civ. P. 56(a). III. Discussion "Home-rule" cities in Texas, such as San
Angelo, derive their authority from the Texas constitution. See Tex. Const. art.
XI, § 5. As the Texas Supreme Court has consistently acknowledged, "[h]ome-rule
cities have the full power of self-government and look to the Legislature, not
for grants of power, but only for limitations on their powers." S. Crushed
Concrete, LLC v. City of Hous., 398 S.W.3d 676, 678 (Tex. 2013) (citing Lower
Colo. River Auth. v. City of San Marcos, 523 S.W.2d 641, 643 (Tex. 1975)). "An
ordinance of a home-rule city that attempts to regulate a subject matter
preempted by a state statute is unenforceable to the extent it conflicts with
the state statute." Dall. Merch.'s & Concessionaire's Ass'n v. City of Dall.,
852 S.W.2d 489, 491 (Tex. 1993). Still, Case: 15-11035 Document: 00513798412
Page: 4 Date Filed: 12/15/2016 No. 15-11035 5 the mere fact that the legislature
has enacted a law addressing a subject does not mean the subject matter is
entirely preempted. Id. Rather, "[a] general law and a city ordinance will not
be held repugnant to each other if any other reasonable construction leaving
both in effect can be reached." Id. Thus, "if the Legislature decides to preempt
a subject matter normally within a homerule city's broad powers, it must do so
with 'unmistakable clarity.'" S. Crushed Concrete, 398 S.W.3d. at 678 (citing In
re Sanchez, 81 S.W.3d 794, 796 (Tex. 2002)). Further, "if the limitations arise
by implication, the provisions of the law must be 'clear and compelling to that
end.'" City of Coll. Station v. Turtle Rock Corp., 680 S.W.2d 802, 807 (Tex.
1984) (providing that a statutory enumeration of powers is not to "be construed
as an implied limitation on home rule powers"). In the recent case of Laredo
Merchants Ass'n v. City of Laredo, a Texas appellate court addressed the
unmistakable clarity rule in the context of a home-rule city ordinance that
purportedly conflicted with part of the Solid Waste Disposal Act. No.
04-15-00610-CV, 2016 WL 4376627 (Tex. App.--San Antonio Aug. 17, 2016). There,
the court was tasked with deciding whether Section 361.0961 of the Code
preempted a checkout bag ordinance enacted by the home-rule city of Laredo that
prohibited merchants in commercial establishments from providing paper or
plastic "one-time-use" checkout bags to customers. Id. at *1. Section 361.0961
provides: (a) A local government or other political subdivision may not adopt an
ordinance, rule, or regulation to: (1) prohibit or restrict, for solid waste
management purposes, the sale or use of a container or package in a manner not
authorized by state law[.] Tex. Health & Safety Code Ann. § 361.0961. In
considering this statutory language to be unmistakably clear, the court
explained: Case: 15-11035 Document: 00513798412 Page: 5 Date Filed: 12/15/2016
No. 15-11035 6 By its plain language, section 361.0961 specifically addresses a
particular subject matter--the sale or use of containers or packages for solid
waste management purposes--and is unmistakably aimed at prohibiting local
governments from enacting certain ordinances. By prohibiting the adoption of an
ordinance prohibiting or restricting that particular subject matter, section
361.0961 unmistakably limits a local government's police powers[.] Laredo
Merchs., 2016 WL 4376627, at *5 (alterations, citations, and internal quotation
marks omitted). The court concluded that the language in Section 361.0961
clearly preempted the checkout bag ordinance. Id. at *5, *7 ("[W]e hold the
Ordinance is inconsistent with section 361.0961 of the Act and therefore
unenforceable as a matter of law." (citation omitted)). Here, Republic argues
that the district court erred in similarly concluding that the language in
Section 364.034(h) of the Code conveyed the legislature's clear intent to
abrogate the City's home-rule authority to enter into an exclusive contract for
solid waste disposal services to a construction project. We agree. Neither party
disputes that San Angelo is a home-rule city deriving its broad powers of
self-government from the Texas constitution, and thus, any limitation by the
legislature on those powers must be imposed with unmistakable clarity. Tex.
Const. art. XI, § 5; S. Crushed Concrete, 398 S.W.3d. at 678. It is true that
Section 364.034(a) of the Code provides that a "public agency"4 or county may
enter into an exclusive contract for solid waste disposal services and, further,
that subsection (h) limits the scope of subsection (a) by indicating that it
does not apply to construction projects. Tex. Health & Safety Code Ann. §
364.034(a),(h). However, because the City's home-rule authority 4 Section
364.003(3) provides: "Public agency means a district, municipality, regional
planning commission created under Chapter 391, Local Government Code, or other
political subdivision or state agency authorized to own and operate a solid
waste collection, transportation, or disposal facility or system." Tex. Health &
Safety Code Ann. § 364.003(3). Case: 15-11035 Document: 00513798412 Page: 6 Date
Filed: 12/15/2016 No. 15-11035 7 to enter into an exclusive contract for waste
disposal services is inherent, and not derived from Chapter 364 or any other
part of the Code,5 the language in subsection (h) limiting the scope of the
general grant of authority conferred by subsection (a) is immaterial. Id. At
most, the City's inherent authority to enter into exclusive contracts of this
kind is merely supplemented by subsection (a)'s language providing the same
authority to public agencies and counties and remains intact regardless of
subsection (h)'s limiting language. Id. This is not to say that the legislature
could not limit the City's home-rule authority to enter into an exclusive
contract for the disposal of construction waste if it chose to do so with
unmistakable clarity. But if the legislature were to limit the City's authority
in this respect, it would do so independently of any general grants of authority
bestowed by the Code since a home-rule city does not look to the Code or other
legislative acts for grants of power, only for limitations on its power. S.
Crushed Concrete, 398 S.W.3d at 678. Moreover, as Republic points out,
subsection (f)--which employs very different language from subsection (h)--does
indicate an unmistakably clear legislative intent to limit the City's home-rule
authority. There, the statutory language clearly and unmistakably limits the
City's home-rule authority to restrict the rights of other entities to contract
for the removal of grease, grit, lint, and sand trap waste. Tex. Health & Safety
Code Ann. § 364.034(f) ("Notwithstanding the other provisions of this section .
. . a county or a municipality [] may not restrict the right of an entity to
contract with a licensed waste hauler for the collection and removal of domestic
septage or of grease trap waste, grit trap waste, lint trap waste, or sand trap
waste."). Unlike the 5 Chapter 363 of the Code is short-titled the
"Comprehensive Municipal Solid Waste Management, Resource Recovery, and
Conservation Act" and also provides municipalities and counties with the
authority to contract for solid waste disposal services. Id. §§ 363.001,
363.117(4). Case: 15-11035 Document: 00513798412 Page: 7 Date Filed: 12/15/2016
No. 15-11035 8 language in subsection (h), the language in subsection (f)
operates independently of any general grant of authority conferred by the Code
and reads similarly to the language construed as unmistakably clear legislative
intent in Laredo Merchants. See Laredo Merchs., 2016 WL 4376627, at *5 (citing
Tex. Health & Safety Code Ann. § 361.0961) ("A local government . . . may not
adopt an ordinance . . . to . . . prohibit or restrict, for solid waste
management purposes, the sale or use of a container or package in a manner not
authorized by state law[.]"); S. Crushed Concrete, 398 S.W.3d at 679 (holding
that a statute stating that "a city ordinance 'may not make unlawful a condition
or act approved or authorized under [the Act] or the [C]ommission's rules or
orders'" was unmistakably clear); cf. Quick v. City of Austin, 7 S.W.3d 109,
122-23 (Tex. 1998) (reasoning that silence will not be construed as unmistakably
clear legislative intent to limit a home-rule city's authority on an issue). In
contrast, the language in subsection (h) is not unmistakably clear in this
regard and, at best, appears to only define the limitations of the section
itself--as opposed to the City's limitations. See Tex. Health & Safety Code Ann.
§ 364.034(h) ("This section does not apply to a private entity that contracts to
provide temporary solid waste disposal services to a construction project."
(emphasis added)).6 6 The record reveals that the district court and both
parties--with good reason-- indicated uncertainty as to what effect, if any,
subsection (e) has on subsection (h). See Tex. Health & Safety Code Ann. §
364.034(e). Subsection (e) provides in relevant part that "[n]othing in this
section shall limit the authority of a public agency, including a county or a
municipality, to enforce its grant of a franchise or contract for solid waste
collection and transportation services within its territory." Id. It is unclear
if all or only part of subsection (e) is removed from the purview of subsection
(h). Id. However, because the effect of subsection (e) on subsection (h) is not
dispositive to our holding on appeal, we decline to decide the issue today. Id.
Case: 15-11035 Document: 00513798412 Page: 8 Date Filed: 12/15/2016 No. 15-11035
9 In light of these reasons, we hold that the language in Section 364.034(h)
fails to indicate with unmistakable clarity that the legislature intended to
restrict a home-rule city's authority to enter into an exclusive contract for
solid waste disposal services to a construction project. See S. Crushed
Concrete, 398 S.W.3d at 678. Accordingly, we hold that the district court erred
in granting Texas Disposal's Rule 12(b)(6) motion to dismiss. IV. CONCLUSION The
part of the district court's order granting Defendant-Appellee's Rule 12(b)(6)
motion to dismiss is reversed and the part of the order denying as moot
Plaintiff-Appellant's motion for summary judgment is vacated. The case is
remanded for further proceedings consistent with this opinion. Case: 15-11035
Document: 00513798412 Page: 9 Date Filed: 12/15/2016



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              887 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           October 27, 1998, Tuesday

Where the candidates stand

BYLINE: JOSH ZIMMER

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 478 words



Here's where Gary Bartell and Warren Hahn stand on several key issues facing
Citrus County:

Water

Bartell: Has lobbied the Legislature and the Southwest Florida Water  Management
District, known as Swiftmud, for grants to build central water and  sewer lines
in Homosassa. Pushed the projects after last year's defeat of a  1-cent sales
tax referendum to support an $ 80-million list of countywide water  quality
projects.

Hahn: Strongly opposed the referendum but supports the Homosassa project.  Says
Bartell and the commission tried duping the public into believing there  were no
grants.

Garbage collection

   Bartell: Helped negotiate one-year contracts with various haulers that made
franchising a moot issue and voted to reduce commercial assessments by 15
percent. His long-term solution is to pay off the landfill's debt, which the
board refinanced at lower interest rates, and to regionalize solid waste among
surrounding counties to improve their bargaining position with haulers.

Hahn: Said Bartell's initial vote for commercial and residential  assessments to
lower commercial landfill dumping fees is part of a  tax-and-spend mentality.
Opposed commercial franchising and said he would push  for a county recycling
and composting center to reduce the stream of waste  into the landfill. Bartell
said the county already is surpassing state  recycling standards and that
there's too small a market for compost and  recycled goods to make a center
cost-effective.

Judicial center

   Bartell: Says Inverness government leaders are not following promises to
create equal partnership, which includes the purchase of property for parking
spaces. While not ruling out moving some constitutional officers to
county-owned land in Lecanto, he has vowed to seek a solution in downtown
Inverness.

Hahn: Says any new government office space should be built in Inverness and
that the commissioners, including Bartell, have unfairly criticized the city.

Economic development council

     Bartell: Says an industrial park could be useful in attracting outside
companies but would like the focus to be on helping existing businesses, which
do not require extensive new infrastructure.

Hahn: Says Bartell is ineffective on the issue of job creation. He believes  the
new public-private Economic Development Council is a better use of county
resources than does Bartell.

Both agree that the Suncoast Parkway could foster growth in Citrus.

Privatization

   Bartell: Calls the privatization of the county jail and ambulance service a
success.

Hahn: Said ambulance costs and response times have increased since
privatization, but could not provide figures to back up his opinion. Also
opposes privatization of the jail.

- JOSH ZIMMER

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                              888 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       St. John's Telegram (Newfoundland)

                             August 11, 2006 Friday

Province to benefit from gas tax revenues

BYLINE: Alisha Morrissey

SECTION: METRO/PROVINCIAL NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 418  words


Newfoundland and Labrador communities will receive $19.8 million in
infrastructure funding this year based on gas taxes paid by Canadians.

Over the next four years, the province will receive more than $82 million in gas
tax revenues.

Federal Fisheries Minister Loyola Hearn, and Municipal Affairs Minister Jack
Byrne signed an agreement Thursday, to seal the deal on Canada's gas tax
infrastructure program.

The funding can be used for environmentally sustainable projects including
public transit, wastewater management, solid waste management and roads and
bridges, if it can be determined they will improve the environment through
cleaner air, water or reduce greenhouse gasses.

"Through this agreement, we are working in partnership to help ensure all
Newfoundland and Labrador cities and communities enjoy a high quality of life,
economic opportunity, a healthy environment, and safety and security," Hearn
said at the signing.

Byrne said the agreement will mean rural communities can build long-needed
infrastructure.

About $22.9 million of the funding will go to the province's solid waste
management strategy, while the remainder will be distributed to communities
around the province.

Cities, towns and communities will benefit from a 10 per cent portion of the
funding while the rest will be distributed on a per capita basis.

Wayne Ruth, the president of the Newfoundland and Labrador Federation of
Municipalities, was on hand for the signing and said community leaders were
pleased with the distribution formula.

Unincorporated communities - which don't have municipal governments - will also
reap the benefits of the program, Byrne said, as a $6.03 million base level of
funding will be available to those communities.

The funding will have no negative impact on municipal operating grants, meaning
there will be no clawbacks of any municipal funding because of increased
infrastructure money.

Communities can apply to government for project funding and that funding can be
held in trust for a number of years until the community can afford to pay for
any major projects.

Newfoundland and Labrador is the last province to sign the agreement, but Byrne
said the funding is retroactive to 2005 and the $19.8 million includes the
funding supposed to be handed out last year.

The federal government takes 10 cents on every litre of gasoline sold, half of
that - or five cents per litre sold - will be distributed to the provinces as
part of the $5-billion gas tax rebate to municipalities.

amorrissey@thetelegram.com

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 St. John's Telegram, a division of Transcontinental Media Group
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              889 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               November 28, 2002 Thursday Five Star Lift Edition

MAYOR WANTS CHOUTEAU ISLAND PROJECT TO INCLUDE TOLL BOOTH AS VISITORS CENTER;
 REPLICA WOULD HAVE INTERPRETIVE CENTER AND MEETING ROOMS;
 "WILL BE THE CENTERPIECE"

BYLINE: Rick Pierce Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: ST. CLAIR-MONROE POST ; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 356 words

DATELINE: MADISON


Mayor John Hamm said he plans to ask the City Council on Tuesday to staff and
maintain the toll booth replica that is slated to be built as part of the
Chouteau Island project.

"This will be the centerpiece of the island," Hamm said. The Council meeting
will be held at 6:30 p.m. at City Hall, 615 Madison Avenue.

Hamm estimated it will cost about $60,000 to $70,000 a year to run the toll
booth replica and interpretive center but said the city will apply for grants to
help offset the expense.

The toll booth won't actually collect tolls, but it will have an interpretive
center on the first floor and meeting rooms on the second. The original toll
booth was along fabled Route 66, but it was located on the Missouri side of the
river.

Grants and private donations also will be used to construct the toll booth
replica, which will be located near the foot of the Old Chain of Rocks Bridge.
The old bridge was closed to cars in 1968. The bridge was opened to bicyclists
and pedestrians in 1999.

The Chouteau Island project will create a vast park. The project actually takes
in three islands: Chouteau, Mosenthein and Gabaret. Chouteau is the largest of
the three. All three are wedged between the Chain of Rocks Canal and the
Mississippi River.

The resulting park will be nearly five times the size of Forest Park and will be
the largest park created in the area since Pere Marquette State Park opened in
1932.

Waste Management Inc., which operates the Chain of Rocks landfill on Chouteau
Island, donated $10,000 on Friday to help build the toll booth replica and
turned over 350 acres adjacent to the landfill to the city. In addition, the
firm agreed to provide 25,000 cubic yards of soil to prepare the site of the
toll booth.

The landfill itself, which covers about 220 acres, will be turned over to the
city when it is closed down in about a year, according to Hamm and officials
from Waste Management Inc. Much of the Chouteau Island project is now in
government hands.

Hamm said the goal is to open the toll booth by 2004, the 200th anniversary of
the beginning of the Lewis and Clark expedition.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: Reporter Rick Pierce:; E-mail: rpierce@post-dispatch.com; Phone:
618-659-3637

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo - A drawing of a planned visitors center for Chouteau
Island that would be built to look like a toll booth.

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              890 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           January 30, 2016 Saturday

Bhubaneswar civic body proposes hike in waste management budget

SECTION: BHUBANESWAR

LENGTH: 239 words


Bhubaneswar: The Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) has proposed to
increase budget allocation for solid waste management for 2016-17 with a focus
on sanitation and beautification of the city.

In the 508.40 crore draft budget unveiled by city mayor A N Jena at the
corporation meeting held here on Thursday, 58 crore has been allocated for
better management of solid waste. Similarly, 58 crore has been set aside for
sanitation and Rs 8 crore for beautification.

According to the draft budget, 10 crore would be spent on clearing garbage and
48 crore on cleaning to be done by private agencies.

"The emphasis is on cleanliness and proper supervision and management of solid
waste. Vehicles carrying waste will be monitored by the global positioning
system," said Jena.

Besides, the BMC has proposed budgetary provision of 82.64 crore for renovation
of water bodies and drainage system and repairing roads. The civic body plans to
collect tax revenue of 115 crore the next financial year. Besides, the
corporation expects to get 75.10 crore as government grant, 63.24 crore as
octroi tax compensation and 17.45 from users fee collection.

"We have given the corporators a month to study the draft budget and give their
suggestions, which will be considered in the next meeting. We will then come out
with our final budget," said the mayor. The BMC had mooted a draft budget of
468.61 crore for 2015-16.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              891 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                Sarke Daily News

                             June 18, 2015 Thursday

"COMPANY OF SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT": JAPANESE GOVERNMENT WILL FUND THE PILOT
PROGRAM ON DOMESTIC WASTE UTILIZATION

BYLINE: Sarke Daily News

LENGTH: 78 words


"Georgian  Company  of  Solid  Waste Management" reported that the government of

Japan  will  allocate grant for financing of the pilot program on domestic waste

utilization. Volume of the grant is not specified.

As  the  Company  said,  the mentioned issue was discussed at today's meeting in

Tbilisi  between representatives of the Company, Japan International Cooperation

System  (JICS)  and Japanese companies (including "Clean System Co". and "Carbon

Free Consulting Co".).

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1168


                    Copyright 2015 Sarke Information Agency
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              892 of 995 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                              April 2, 2012 Monday

Switching On The Gas?

BYLINE: Ad Crable

SECTION: B; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 743  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Staff Writer

The county waste authority may become a booster in getting the owners of more
local vehicles to switch their trucks from running on diesel to cheaper and
cleaner domestic natural gas.

The Lancaster County Solid Waste Management Authority is exploring whether it
makes dollar sense to replace its aging fleet of 15 trash transfer tractors with
new models that run on compressed natural gas.

Moreover, the authority has contacted several dozen private trash haulers in the
county about similarly making the switch.

If there's enough interest, the authority would contemplate building a
natural-gas filling station for public use by anyone with a compressed
natural-gas vehicle.

It likely would be the county's first natural gas filling station and probably
would be built at the authority's Harrisburg Pike headquarters.

"We're still in the early stages of analyzing if, when and how," James Warner,
the authority's chief executive officer, emphasized about the project, which
could cost about $4 million.

"But it behooves us to be looking at it because it's cheaper and it burns more
cleanly than diesel," he continued.

"We could be burning Pennsylvania fuel rather than Middle Eastern fuel - that
sounds good."

That was a reference to the bountiful, if controversial, Marcellus Shale natural
gas that is being extracted in Pennsylvania.

No wells are located in Lancaster County, but the effects of the natural gas
rush are affecting the county.

A new intrastate pipeline to transport Marcellus Shale gas to markets was
announced recently and likely will cross the western side of the county. Other
interstate transmission lines crisscross the county.

A main natural gas distribution line runs in front of the authority's transfer
station on Harrisburg Pike.

The authority has been talking to Clean Energy Fuels, a company owned by T.
Boone Pickens, the wealthy, outspoken Texas oil-and-gas magnate who champions
the use of alternative energy as well as running the nation's transportation
system on natural gas.

Clean Energy Fuels, which is the country's largest provider of natural gas fuel
for transportation, is planning a scouting visit on the authority property, said
Mike Cecere, a regional manager in Morristown, N.J.

Federal incentives to increase use of natural gas to power vehicles was
announced by President Barack Obama during his State of the Union address in
January.

In Pennsylvania, the newly enacted Marcellus Shale Impact law will generate
revenue earmarked for three years of grants totaling $20 million to increase use
of natural gas in vehicles.

The authority intends to be among those applying for those grants.

Last month, state Rep. Stan Saylor of York - along with 37 other legislators,
including Lancaster County Reps. Scott Boyd, Bryan Cutler, Gordon Denlinger and
Dave Hickernell - introduced a bill to provide grants to grow natural gas as a
vehicle fuel and filling stations in the state.

As a tax-exempt agency, however, the waste authority would not be eligible.

Nationally, the trash industry and public transit buses have been the first to
make a major shift to natural gas vehicles.

York-based York Waste Disposal, which operates in Lancaster County, is in the
process of buying 65 natural gas-powered trash collection trucks. Clean Energy
Fuels will build a natural-gas refill station in York to service the fleet.

In 2011, 40 percent of the trash truck and transit bus purchases in the United
States were for natural-gas vehicles, according to Natural Gas Vehicles of
America, a trade group.

Buying natural gas trucks has been appealing to the trash industry because the
frequent stop-and-go patterns of trucks burn a lot of diesel.

Though natural gas engines are currently more expensive than diesel engines,
natural gas is about $1.50 a gallon cheaper. With the authority's transfer
trucks typically driving 600,000 miles over 10 years, and getting only several
miles per gallon, savings would quickly accrue, officials think.

Another big attraction to the authority is that natural gas is much less
polluting than diesel.

According to Clean Energy Fuels, compressed natural gas trucks reduce greenhouse
gas emissions by 23 percent and produce significantly less smog-producing gasses
and soot. The trucks also would be much quieter.

One holdup: natural gas engines for the large hauling tractors the authority
uses are not yet on the market. But they are being tested and are expected to be
available by early 2013.

acrable@lnpnews.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Waste Management A Trash Truck That Runs On Compressed Natural Gas
Fills Up At A Public Station In Camden, N.J.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              893 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             April 15, 2011 Friday

Belarus: Integrated Solid Waste Management

LENGTH: 195  words


GEF Project ID 3281
Funding Source GEF Trust Fund
Country Belarus
Region Europe and Central Asia
Focal Area POPs
Operational Program
Strategic Program POPS-2; POPS-1
PIF Approval Date February 19, 2008
PPG Approval Date July 23, 2008
Approval Date April 24, 2008
CEO Endorsement Date February 22, 2010
Project Status CEO Endorsed
GEF Agency IBRD - The World Bank
The Project of Integrated Solid Waste Management to Reduce environmental and
health risks associated with the presence and release of persistent organic
pollutants (POPs) in the global as well as local environment through securing
POPs stockpiles, environmentally sound destruction of priority POPs stockpiles
and improving capacity for the orderly management and elimination of future POPs
stockpiles and releases.


PPG Amount 285,000 US$
GEF Project Grant 5,500,000 US$
GEF Grant 5,785,000 US$
Cofinancing Total 11,375,000 US$
Project Cost 17,160,000 US$
GEF Agency Fees 550,000 US$
GEF Project Grant (CEO Endo.) 5,500,000 US$
Cofinancing Total (CEO Endo.) 21,175,000 US$
Project Cost (CEO Endo.) 26,960,000 US$
GEF Agency Fees (CEO Endo.) 578,500 US$

country :United States
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright Tenders Info 2011
                        Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              894 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                            January 8, 2009 Thursday

$500K LOAN TO EXPAND RECYCLING

BYLINE: MATTHEW VAN BUREN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 272 words


By Matthew van Buren

The Taos News

Taos County will soon be the recipient of a state loan to centralize solid waste
and recycling facilities.

County Manager Julia Valerio said the county will use the $500,000 loan from the
state Environment Department to build a metal building on approximately five
acres the town of Taos gave to the county last year. The center will be located
near the Taos Regional Airport off US 64.

"After they gave us the OK, then (county solid waste director Uvaldo Olonia)
applied for the grant," Valerio said. "Uvaldo's done an excellent job of working
with the Environment Department."

According to an Environment Department release, the loan will have a 20-year
term at 3 percent interest.

The county's solid waste facilities will have to move to make room for the new
county complex that is in the works. Valerio said she thinks the $500,000 loan
should pay for a metal building to house offices, vehicles and a
recycling-collection facility. She said the county will also work to educate the
public and encourage recycling.

"We'd like to spread the word," she said.

Valerio said the loan still has to be finalized and approved by the county
commission before the project goes out to bid. Once it is built, recyclers will
still drop off their materials at transfer stations for sorting before the
county transports the recyclables to the new facility.

The county does not currently recycle plastics and only recycles some metals in
addition to tires, oil and antifreeze. Valerio said the county will not process
its own plastics and metals but will find a vendor to haul them away and keep
them out of the landfill.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              895 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           February 27, 2007 Tuesday
                                NIAGARA EDITION

Part-time waste chief ruled out

BYLINE: By Thomas J. Prohaska - NEWS NIAGARA BUREAU

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 519 words

DATELINE: LOCKPORT


Niagara County may have to hire a new full-time employee to operate a
state-mandated solid waste plan, County Legislature Chairman Clyde L. Burmaster
said Monday.

Burmaster said the Refuse District, which does not cover four of the county's 12
towns, can't do a countywide plan. "The solid waste management plan is not a
district plan, it's a county plan," he said. "The county manager has taken
charge of that, and rightfully so."

Burmaster told the Refuse Disposal District board that talks he and County
Manager Gregory D. Lewis have had with the state Department of Environmental
Conservation indicate that the DEC won't allow the county to hire someone
part-time to operate the plan.

The board thus tabled a motion offered by Legislator Peter E. Smolinski, R-North
Tonawanda, recommending that the district's current director, Richard P. Pope,
be given the waste management duties in addition to his current tasks.

Pope, who is paid $58,652 a year, had sought a $20,000 raise last year if he
were placed in charge of the solid waste plan as well as the Refuse District.

The DEC is blocking grants to the county and all of its municipalities because
no solid waste plan has been implemented.

That means the county isn't receiving $291,000 it has been counting on since
2002 to cover half the cost of the Gruendler tub grinder it bought with tobacco
bond proceeds.

Funding that the county will need to recap one of its closed landfills, a $12
million job scheduled for 2010, also is on hold because of the lack of a solid
waste plan.

Assistant County Attorney J. Michael Fitzgerald gave his legal opinion that the
county needed to hire someone to govern the solid waste management plan, but he
suggested the county could give Pope "additional salary and a second hat."

Burmaster, R-Ransomville, disagreed. He said the DEC told him the county needs
to hire a full-time "environmental science coordinator," and the county needs to
offer a comprehensive recycling analysis as well as the management plan.

"That's a very difficult thing to do, because we don't have any say in what the
municipalities do [about recycling]," Burmaster said.

Smolinski said he would prefer to give Pope a raise of $12,000 rather than
create a new position with benefits.

"The benefits alone would cost us $12,000," said Legislator Michael A. Hill,
R-Hartland.

Lewis, who did not attend Monday's meeting, had suggested creating a deputy
public works commissioner to implement the plan, for which the DEC has been
pestering the county since 1989.

The lowest-paid of the three current deputy commissioners earns $64,000 a year.

Pope said his proposal from last year also envisioned hiring an environmental
planner and splitting the cost of a clerical worker with the district.

He said if he were to take charge of the management plan, it would take up 10
percent to 20 percent of his time.

"Once it is completed, which would take 24 months, it would have to be
continuously updated," Pope said. "Most of the time will be in the evenings with
towns, cities and villages at their meetings, to tell them the reporting
requirements."

e-mail: tprohaska@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              896 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                           December 22, 2009 Tuesday

Solid waste billing deductions prompt meeting with GSWA

BYLINE: Jim Kalvelage jkalvelage@ruidosonews.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 778 words


- Ruidoso Downs report -

A meeting to review billing deductions made by Ruidoso Downs will be requested
by officials with the Greentree Solid Waste Authority.

Solid waste authority Operational Supervisor Debra Ingle told the authority
board last Thursday that every month there is a balance adjustment made by
Ruidoso Downs.

A spreadsheet contends the city has made $4,541.52 in adjustments from July 2002
through October 2009. If what is described as owed late fees are included the
amount added up to $11,414.29.

The late fee charge is 1.5 percent a month. Ingle said the authority's auditor
said the late fees should be included.

"I believe that this board needs confirmation as to where that $4,541.52 that
we're being told to adjust off, where it comes from," said Ingle.

"We pay them exactly what we collect," said Ruidoso Downs
Finance/-Procurement/Asset Control Director Terri Mosley. "That's what the
contract says."

The city bills its residents for the garbage service provided by the Greentree
Solid Waste Authority on the monthly municipal water and sewer statement.

"We can't pay money we didn't collect," said Mosley. "And we never collect 100
percent of what we send out each month."

"We have our information," said Ingle. "I'd like to meet with Carol (Virden,
Ruidoso Downs Clerk/Treasurer) and let the Downs see this and see what the Downs
wants to do."

Ingle said the meeting should include the authority's legal counsel Angie
Schneider-Cook.

Since July 2002 the solid waste authority has billed Ruidoso Downs almost $1
million for garbage collection.

While Ingle said Ruidoso Downs officials don't believe the authority has a right
to charge late fees, she contended the city is charging late fees.

CDBG grant would target drainage

More street and drainage improvements could be in store for Ruidoso Downs. North
Central Drive and River Lane are the focus of hoped for funding through the
Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program.

"We are going to be applying for $500,000," said City Clerk Carol Virden. "The
city will put in a match which is five percent. It is going to be a competitive
process and we're hoping that we'll at least get some money to start the
engineering process."

The street and drainage work was on the top of a list following public hearings
held by the city this past summer.

The federal CDBG program provides communities with funding to address a wide
range of development needs.

City endorses beer license for Disco Taco

A restaurant beer and wine license for a Ruidoso Downs eatery received an
endorsement from city councilors.

In September, Disco Taco asked the New Mexico Regulation and Licensing
Department's Alcohol and Gaming Division to issue a new license. Before the
division makes a decision the local government must hold a public hearing to
allow residents to provide input. That took place on Dec. 14.

"I'm opposed to it because I think it's too close to the park," said resident
Sebrina Lundquist, referring to All American Park. "And I also don't think
there's enough parking there."

But two other people supported beer and wine on the restaurant's menu. One said
Disco Taco was a very good place to eat and "Mexican food is better washed down
with a beer." He felt customers would not stick around and get drunk.

Juan Arreola, who identified himself as the accountant for Disco Taco, said a
license for the on-premise consumption of beer and wine would help to boost
sales.

"And also it will boost, a little bit, income for the City of Ruidoso Downs at
the same time," said Arreola.

"I know there's distances needed between schools and churches," said City
Councilor Gary Williams. "Is there anything between that and parks or senior
centers?" he asked legal counsel Zach Cook.

Cook responded only churches and schools.

The attorney said the request could be denied on a concern for the health,
safety and welfare of the community. He added the concern must be based on
testimony during the public hearing.

Mixed emotions

City Councilor Dean Holman said he had mixed emotions.

"It may be the number of licenses that we're getting," said Holman. "And I don't
know exactly how many we have, but the issue of the park, we have Circle K, and
they area not any further away, I don't think."

Questioned if there have been any issues with beer and wine licenses and drunk
driving in Ruidoso Downs, Police Chief Alfred Ortiz said there have been no
incidents at Disco Taco.

"And I want to stretch it down to Jorge's, since they've had their beer and wine
license," said Williams.

"Not to my recollection," said Ortiz.

The council was unanimous in supporting the new license. The decision will be
forwarded to the Alcohol and Gaming Division.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2009 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              897 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            October 23, 2006 Monday

TMAS FINALISE EID PREPARATIONS

LENGTH: 568 words


KARACHI - Municipal administrations of different towns of city have claimed to
finalise the preparations for Eidul Fitr despite the heaps of garbage on a
number of major roads, overflowing gutters and broken and potholes filled roads
showing the poor performance of these civic agencies. In many areas, the workers
of privatised solid waste management system, do not bother to dispose garbage
from the drains. Many areas of Jamshed Town, Ibn-e-Sina Road in Liaquatabad
Town, Shahrah-e-Noor Jehan in North Nazimabad, Shahrah-e-Darul Uloom in Landhi
Town, Quidabad in the limits of Bin Qasim Town and many more arteries showing
the utter negligence of solid waste management staff and town administration.

It is also mentioned that all major roads in city have developed potholes and
trenches, which needs utter attention to be filled on priority basis. City Nazim
Mustaf Kamal, some six weeks ago, announced grant of Rs 10 million for each town
administrations for filling potholes and carpeting but nothing worth mention is
done.  The town administrations of Bin Qasim, Gadap and Keamari have not
received grant to carry out filling of trenches and carpeting in their
respective town which is creating great nuisance for road users.

In Bin Qasim Town, Quidabad Bridge on railway tracks has developed into the
worst condition as all its 16 iron joints are creating inconvenience for smooth
traffic flow. These joints which appear six inches above the surface creating
worst problems especially for motorists. The city government as well as the town
administration has not taken any step to carry out carpeting on Quidabad Bridge
to facilitate the road-users.

Meanwhile, Gulberg Town Nazim, Maud Hayat along with town naib nazim and town
officials visited different markets, mosques, imambargabs to review the
cleanliness arrangements. During the visit, he asked the officials concerned to
maintain utter hygienic conditions around the worshipping places.

However, the Gulberg town administration also formed a vigilance committee to
review water and sewerage arrangements in the township while a complaint centre
has also been set up to entertain the complaints lodged by town residents.
Furthermore, the Shah Faisal Town Administration distributed 11th installment of
Rs 3,000 cheques of Food Support Programme among the poor and needy people of
the township. This time most of the cheques were distributed by Pakistan Post as
the town nazim had already instructed the officials concerned to dispatch the
cheques among the needy and poor persons before Eid.

He directed the town officials to activate the central control room to receive
public complaints regarding civic problems.  The Jamshed Town Administration has
issued instructions for different town departments as 'Red Alert' on the first
three days of Eid to facilitate the masses.  The directives were issued by Town
Nazim Arif Aajakia while addressing town officials after 8-hour long visit on
Monday.

The visit was held to review the preparations of Eid-ul-Fitar taken by town
administration in different town's areas like Mehmoodabad, Manzoor Colony,
Akhter Colony, Chanesar Goth, Azam Town, Karachi Admin Society, PECHS, Sindh
Muslim Society, Soldier Bazaar and others localities.  The town nazim also took
serious notice of pools of stagnant sewerage water in many localities and
ordered the officials concerned to clean the area on priority basis.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regional Policy; Arts/Entertainment; Religion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                           Copyright 2006 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              898 of 995 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            January 21, 2013 Monday

Coming Down The Trail;
Much-Anticipated Northwest River Trail Taking Shape

BYLINE: P.J. Reilly

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 607  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Staff Writer

Head to the west end of Race Street in Bainbridge, where it basically meets the
Susquehanna River, and look down the path to the left.

There, you'll see a fresh layer of neatly compacted stone.

It's a sign of progress.

Aided by the pleasant nonwinter weather Lancaster County experienced in recent
weeks, work has started on a large but unimproved section of the 14-mile
Northwest River Trail in Conoy Township.

"Things are coming along really well," said Michael Domin, principal planner for
the Lancaster County Planning Commission.

"When this trail is finished, it's going to be absolutely beautiful."

The long-awaited Northwest River Trail will be a paved path stretching 14 miles
from Walnut Street in Columbia, north to Collins Road at Falmouth in Conoy
Township.

Running alongside the Susquehanna River, the trail passes through Columbia and
Marietta boroughs and West Hempfield, East Donegal and Conoy townships.

Most of the trail already has been developed, but there are small gaps in
Columbia and Marietta, and the big gap in Conoy.

Stone is being placed along a three-mile stretch of the trail, from Race Street
south to the Shock's Mill railroad bridge that crosses the Susquehanna River. As
soon as the weather permits, that section of trail will be paved.

While the paving will be ideal for bike riding, its purpose goes deeper.

"That area floods a lot," Domin said. "If we left it as stone dust, we'd have a
difficult time cleaning up after floods.

"With the pavement, we can brush off the mud and debris without damaging the
trail."

Conoy has several state grants totaling more than $600,000 for work on its
portion of the trail.

At their meeting Oct. 11, township supervisors approved a $77,600 bid for a
trail bridge over the Conoy Creek near Haldeman Mansion.

The 95-foot span, to be built by Wheeler Lumber of Bloomington, Minn., is
scheduled for delivery and installation this spring.

Lancaster County Solid Waste Management Authority is spearheading the design and
permitting process for a walkway that will take the trail underneath the Shock's
Mill bridge in Conoy, near the East Donegal Township line. The authority has a
$605,000 federal grant for the project. David Wilhelm, LCSWMA's senior manager
of capital projects, said he hopes construction of the 330-foot-long walkway can
begin this spring or summer.

Gina Mariani, who chairs the Conoy supervisors, said the township expects any
day to solicit requests for proposals for use of a township-owned building at
the northern end of the trail.

The township in 2009 bought a 16-acre tract along the river, adjacent to the
Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission's Falmouth boat launch, which includes a
wood-frame building on stilts. In October, the supervisors voted to name the
property Fisherman's Wharf River and Trail Public Access Area.

Supervisor Stephen Mohr said the building used to be part of a prominent boat
landing that catered to big-game anglers.

"Several years ago, Falmouth was known as the No. 1 muskie hot spot east of the
Mississippi," he said.

Indeed, anglers still flock to the Falmouth section of the Susquehanna River to
fish for the barracuda-like muskellunge.

Mohr and Mariani both said they hope someone will apply to the township to put
some sort of recreation-related business into the building at Fisherman's Wharf.

"I think having a place where people can maybe rent canoes or bikes would be
perfect," Mariani said.

Once the Conoy Township section of the river trail is finished, Domin said,
trail planners will turn their attention to the gaps in Marietta and Columbia.

"Within two to three years, it should all be done," he said.

preilly@lnpnews.com

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Staff This Section Of The Northwest River Trail, In Bainbridge Starting
At The Susquehanna River Near Race Street, Will Later Be Paved. Below Is An
Artist's Rendering Of A Walkway, Right, That Will Carry The Trail Underneath The
Shock's Mill Railroad Bridge That Spans The Susquehanna River In Conoy Township.
Richard Hertzler
Photo Courtesy Lancaster County Solid Waste Management Authority
Staff Officials Hope This Building Near The Susquehanna River At Falmouth Will
Be Used As A Future Business. It Is On Collins Road, Just Off The Boat Launch
Parking Lot. Richard Hertzler

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              899 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             April 24, 2015 Friday

Gujarat generates 8,336 metric tones of solid waste per day

BYLINE: Himanshu Kaushik

SECTION: AHMEDABAD

LENGTH: 294 words


AHMEDABAD: Gujarat generates 8,336 metric tons of urban solid waste per day. The
total solid waste generation in the country was1.33 lakh metric tons. This was
revealed by the Union ministry of urban development in Lok Sabha, citing the
2013 report of the Central Pollution Control Board. The ministry was replying to
the question over the potential for converting generated waste into energy.

The central government said that as per the Central Pollution Control Board
(CPCB) Annual Report 2013, about 1,33,760 metric tons of waste per day was
generated in urban areas in the country. The government said that under the
Swachh Bharat Mission one of the admissible components is municipal solid waste
management with central support up to 20% of project cost in the form of grant.

Senior officials in the state pollution control board said that several steps
have been taken to segregate waste at the door steps and also convert the solid
waste into to energy but the projects are yet to kick off.

The officials said that the state is facing even shortage of the land fill
sites. The state has also decided to have one land fill site between three to
four villages. Even in the state Assembly the state government had admitted that
the nagar palikas which have gone in for door-to-door collections are facing
acute shortage of land fill sites. The minister had said that even if the local
administration identifies the site, the local residents near the site oppose the
allotment.

Senior officials said that several efforts have been made but none of them have
been so far successful. The official said that the mound of garbage at Pirana
was increasing and the AMC was even forced to burn the garbage to reduce the
garbage at the site.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              900 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            April 23, 2015 Thursday
                               Ahmedabad Edition

State generates 8,336 metric tonnes of solid waste per day

SECTION: TIMES CITY

LENGTH: 286 words


Gujarat generates 8,336 metric tons of urban solid waste per day. The total
solid waste generation in the country was1.33 lakh metric tons. This was
revealed by the Union ministry of urban development in Lok Sabha, citing the
2013 report of the Central Pollution Control Board.The ministry was replying to
the question over the potential for converting generated waste into energy .

The central government said that as per the Central Pollution Control Board
(CPCB) Annual Report 2013, about 1,33,760 metric tons of waste per day was
generated in urban areas in the country .The government said that un

der the Swachh Bharat Mission one of the admissible components is municipal
solid waste management with central support up to 20% of project cost in the
form of grant.

Senior officials in the state

pollution control board said that several steps have been taken to segregate
waste at the door steps and also conver the solid waste into to energy but the
projects are yet to kick off. The officials said that the state is facing even
shortage o

the land fill sites. The state has also decided to have one land fill site
between three to four villages. Even in the state Assembly the state government
had admitted that the nagar palikas which have gone in for door-to-door
collections are facing acute shortage of land fill sites. The minister had said
that even if the local administration identifies the site, the local residents
near the site oppose the allotment.

Senior officials said that several efforts have been made but none of them have
been so far successful. The official said that the mound of garbage at Pirana
was increasing and the AMC was even forced to burn the garbage to reduce the
garbage at the site.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              901 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                            January 8, 2008 Tuesday

Community Briefs

BYLINE: Tree recycling

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 584 words


\Visitors and residents are urged to recycle their Christ-as trees by dropping
them in the orange corral at School House Park on Sudderth Drive near the
municipal pool and senior center.

Keep Ruidoso Beautiful members ask that all tinsel and decorations be removed.

Those wanting wood chips can return at 9 a.m., Saturday, to pick up some for
free. Distribution is on a first-come, first-served basis. Mulch is good for
water retention, walking paths and erosion control.

GOP speaker

Aubrey Dunn, candidate for the New Mexico 2nd Congressional District, will be
the featured speaker at the January meeting of the Republican Party of Lincoln
County. The dinner begins at 6 p.m., Jan. 14, at Cree Meadows Country Club in
Ruidoso. The meeting starts at 7 p.m.

President William Dement asks that party members or others who are interested
R.S.V.P. if they plan on participating in the dinner portion of the session, to
avoid running out of food or spending money on unneeded food in an election year
when every dollar counts.

Contact Dement at 575-973-0541. Members of the county party meet the second
Monday of each month.

Alto Lakes meeting

The Alto Lakes Water & Sanitation District Board will conduct a special meeting
at 8 a.m., Jan. 14, at the Bonito Volunteer Fire Department's Sun Valley Station
#5 on Fire Road, in Alto.

Candidate Academy

The 2008 Candidate Academy, hosted by the Ruidoso Valley Chamber of Commerce and
Leadership Lincoln, resumes 6-8 p.m. Thursday at the Ruidoso Convention Center

Recycling grant

Officials with the New Mexico Environment Department recently awarded more than
$135,000 in grants for recycling and illegal dumping reduction initiatives.

The money went to seven communities and solid waste organizations, including the
Lincoln County Solid Waste Authority.

"The grants will help communities to continue to recycle and reduce the effects
of illegal dumping on our state," said State Environment Secretary Ron Curry.
"We awarded grant money to communities and solid waste organizations that need
the funding and will use it to the best of their ability to improve the
environment."

"We enjoy partnering with local entities to address issues that affect all of
us," said NMED Environmental Protection Division Director Jim Norton. "These
grants will reduce the amount of garbage in landfills, make scarce resources
available for re-use, and reduce emissions of greenhouse gases."

Funded projects range from collecting used motor oil for recycling and funding a
pilot curbside recycling program to reduce illegal dumpsites. The grant program
is authorized under new Recycling and Il-legal Dumping rules, which the state
Environmental Improvement Board adopted in 2006.

The other entities selected on the current grant award round were the City of
Carlsbad, Picuris Pueblo, Los Alamos County, the Village of Melrose, the Village
of Los Ranchos de Albuquerque and the Estancia Valley Solid Waste Authority.

Entities eligible for grant funds include municipalities, counties, tribes, land
grant communities, cooperative associations and solid waste authorities.

Other communities can now submit applications for the grants for the next cycle
of awards. Completed grant applications are due to the department by April 2.
Priorities for funding in 2008 include programs that eliminate or reduce illegal
dumpsites or prevent future illegal dumping, and recycling programs which target
motor oil, lead acid batteries, cardboard or newspaper.

For more information, contact Jill Holbert at 505-827-0129.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Girls Scouts from across Lincoln County assembled for a special thank
you photograph to all business owners and individuals who helped make it
possible for them to participate in the Festival of Lights Parade last month.
Those helping included Wal-Mart, McDonald's, Apple Tree Hardware, True Value
Hardware, Sherwin-Williams Paints, Calvary Church, Sears, Harry Edmondson, Katy
Cuellar's father, Reliable Painting, the girls, leaders and parents.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2008 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              902 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 19, 2013 Tuesday

USPTO grants trade mark "WASTEBYRAIL" to Waste Management, Inc

LENGTH: 51  words

DATELINE: Alexandria


Waste Management, Inc, has been granted trademark (4290477) titled as
"WASTEBYRAIL" from the United States Patent and Trademark Office.

Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 039. US 100 105. G & S: Transportation services, namely,
transporting waste materials between various locations. FIRST USE: 20120910.

Filing

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              903 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                            January 25, 2016 Monday

NMMC wants to generate 10 MW energy from waste

LENGTH: 348  words

DATELINE: NAVI MUMBAI


NAVI MUMBAI, Jan. 25 -- The Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation (NMMC) plans to
set up a waste-to-energy plant at Turbhe under the Swachh Bharat Mission being
implemented by the Ministry of Urban Development (MUD).


 The NMMC proposal foresees an investment of Rs 180 crore for the project, which
includes developing an 8 to 10 MW power plant and expansion of its existing
municipal waste processing unit under a Public Private Partnership (PPP)
arrangement.
 NMMC officials said that the proposal, once approved by the general body, will
be sent to the Maharashtra government for approval.
 The Navi Mumbai region produces 675 metric tonnes of solid waste every day
(projected to go up to 1,000 metric tonnes in the next ten years).
 "This solid waste can be converted into Refused Derived Fuel (RDF) or fuel
plates that will be used as a clean energy resource to fire the power plants,"
said Mohan B Dagaonkar, city engineer, NMMC.
 Mr Dagaonkar sais that the corporation already has a waste-processing unit, run
by Navi Mumbai Waste Processing Pvt Ltd, which rolls out 100 metric tonne of
fuel plates every day; it has been "functional for the last three years, but is
not getting enough buyers. So, we are planning to have our own waste-to-energy
plant."
 NMMC's proposal says that it may tie-up with the National Environmental
Engineering Research Institute and IIT Bombay for technical advice.
 Under the MUD's Swachh Bharat Mission, the Centre is providing grants for
municipal solid waste management projects for each city at the rate of Rs 240
per capita (as per census 2011).
 In addition , the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) has notified
a generic tariff of Rs 7.04 per unit for plants using municipal solid waste and
Rs 7.90 per unit for RDF-based plants.
 According to a recent letter issued by the MUD to the states, CERC is also in
the process of amending the Electricity Act 2003 to include a provision making
it mandatory for state electricity distribution companies to "purchase all power
generated from municipal solid waste."
 (Pradeep Pandey is a freelance writer)

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              904 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                            November 27, 2011 Sunday

Panel suggests penalty for 'erring' civic bodies

LENGTH: 425  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Nov. 27 -- Cut down monetary grants to the civic bodies and penalise
the municipal officials who fail to ensure cleanliness of their cities, a panel
set up by the Urban Development Ministry has said.

The suggestion came from the panel led by AK Mehta, Joint Secretary in Urban
Development Ministry after noting that country's solid waste management was
highly inefficient and outdated lacking public participation.

"If the municipal authority fails to discharge its obligatory functions under
MSW Rules (Municipal Sewage Waste), 2000. the State Government may impose
penalty on it in the form of deduction of grants ranging from Rs50,000 to Rs5
lakh per month till they comply with the rules," said the panel.

"This would be besides the legal action that could be taken against the
Municipal Authorities under provisions of Environmental Protection Act, 1986 and
the MSW Rules, 2000. The municipal authorities, may in turn, fix the
responsibility of officers and staff for non-performance and impose punishment
as deemed appropriate," it further said.

The panel was set up to evolve the standards in respect of municipal solid waste
management sector as a part of the National Mission for Sustainable Habitat
which was approved by the Prime Minister's Council for Climate Change last year
for formulation of National Sustainable Habitat Standards. These standards would
subsequently get integrated with relevant regulations to ensure that future
developments are aligned in accordance with concerns related to climate change.

Further, as the heaps of municipal waste poses huge health hazards, the panel
has also called for penalty for non-segregation of waste or littering on streets
and depositing or throwing any solid waste.

In such cases, the defaulters can be punished on the spot with a fine in the
range of Rs100 to Rs5,000 as may be prescribed under the rules framed by the
State Governments or by the municipal authorities under the bylaws for various
types of waste generators from time to time, it suggested.

"Such spot fines may be imposed and collected by officers and supervisory staff
authorised by the municipal authorities including police personnel. The amount
of fine imposed, if not paid on the spot, shall be recoverable as arrears of
Property Tax or in any other manner deemed appropriate by the Municipal
Authority," the panel added. Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Pioneer. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              905 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        The Telegraph (Alton, Illinios)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 29, 2007 Monday

Alton seeks grants to upgrade Moore Park

BYLINE: Linda N. Weller, The Telegraph, Alton, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 692 words


Jan. 29--ALTON -- The city has a good chance of obtaining up to $135,500 in
grants to buy a wood chipper and upgrade Gordon Moore Park in coming months, the
Alton Park and Recreation Department director says.

"All four grants are from Madison County," said Executive Director Mike Drake,
who recently submitted applications for two of them.

Three of the grants are derived from tipping (dumping) fees assessed at garbage
dumps in the county; the fourth is from sales tax.

Leah Dettmers, solid waste coordinator for Madison County Planning and
Development, said the county distributes about $400,000 annually in grants to
communities and schools for specific types of purchases and programs that
promote use of recycled materials.

"We don't want the money to go to something like a chain saw, but for something
that will help the environment," she said about the tipping fees.

Dettmers said the county provides a list of vendors that sell quality products
from recycled materials.

Drake said he applied for a matching $20,000 Madison County Recycling and
Landscape Waste Management Equipment Grant to cover nearly half the cost of a
$39,000 wood chipper, an eligible purchase.

"With the three storms we've had, the Vermeer chipper we have has more than
4,000 hours on it," Drake said about the 2001 model. "We use it constantly. If
it breaks down, our brush removal comes to a standstill."

The rest of the money for Alton's chipper would come from the department's
2006-2007 fiscal year budget. The City Council passed a resolution last
Wednesday in support of the grant application.

Drake said he also plans to apply for a Recycled Rubber Poured Solid Surface
Playground Grant Program, which provides up to $16,000. The due date for that
application is Friday.

If the grant is approved, a 2,300-square-foot rubber surface would be installed
behind Muenstermann Pavilion at Gordon Moore Park. Some playground equipment
that was removed from Riverfront Park to make way for a new parking lot, and not
re-installed, will be put in behind the pavilion on the recycled rubber surface.

Drake also said he plans to apply for a 20 percent matching $8,000 Solid Waste
Recycling Program grant, under the guidance of the Madison County Board's
Planning and Development Committee. Those grants are issued regularly, due on
the third week of the month for the next month's consideration.

Those grants are to be spent in buying "recycled content park equipment to
enhance visitors' overall awareness of 'closing the loop,'" the application
says.

Eligible expenditures include recycled plastic playground equipment, benches,
recycling or trash containers, recycled plastic picnic tables, or tire chips or
mulch for a playground surface or walking track.

If Alton gets that grant, the department would use the money to buy one-piece
picnic table units for inside Muenstermann, and also trash cans made of recycled
plastic.

The final grant would be the city's allocation of $3 per capita from the
Metro-East Park and Recreation District's sales tax, and distributed by the
Madison County Park and Recreation Grant Commission.

Drake said Alton is due for nearly $91,500; of that, he plans to spend $75,000
to $85,000 on replacing lights at Diamond 2 at Gordon Moore Park. The City
Council suspended rules Wednesday to allow the deputy comptroller to buy the
lighting.

"The lighting is more than 20 years old and, over the years, they deteriorated,"
Drake said.

He said Ameren plans to place high-voltage electric lines 120 to 150 feet high
in the area during the first part of February, so he wants to use the time those
lines are down to put in the new lighting.

The rest of the money would be used to put in a sidewalk from the road to
parking lots in Moore Park to increase their accessibility. The county committee
meets Feb. 25 to consider the grants.

linda_weller@thetelegraph.com

Copyright (c) 2007, The Telegraph, Alton, Ill. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070129-AI-0129-Alton-seeks-grants-to-upgrade-Moore-Park

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AI


                          Copyright 2007 The Telegraph


                              906 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                             June 23, 2011 Thursday
                               1 - State Edition

LOCAL GOVERNMENT Funding plea for recycling

BYLINE: KATRINA STOKES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 331  words


THE solid waste levy has doubled in just two years but the South Australian
Government gives back recycling grants of just $3 million, the Local Government
Association says.

Australian Bureau of Statistics data for 2009-10 shows that more than 1.54
million tonnes of waste was diverted from the state's landfill sites in the last
financial year, earning SA the title of being the best recycler in the nation.

But the state's solid waste levy is set to increase by 33 per cent from $26 to
$35 a tonne from July 1.

LGA policy adviser Chris Russell said the Zero Waste levy had doubled in the
past two years.

``The issue is not that there is a levy but the revenue raised from the levy is
not being used on recycling,'' he said.

Mr Russell said the $3 million the LGA received in recycling grants from the
State Government was helpful but minimal compared with the $110 million councils
forked out every year.

He said the LGA was in favour of more resources for recycling and waste
management in the future, rather than the Government using the funds for other
services.

``The Government can increase the amount they spend on waste and recycling
support or it can do nothing . . . and gain from the increase, which effectively
goes to Treasury bottom line,'' he said. ``Councils would be much happier if
more of the waste resources fund was redirected back.''

State Environment Minister Paul Caica said the Government increased the waste
levy for 2011-12 to further drive reductions in waste going into landfill.

``The levy, as an economic incentive, is one of a suite of tools the State
Government is using to support South Australia's Strategic Plan target of a 25
per cent reduction to waste to landfill by 2014,'' he said.

Mr Caica said he had directed Zero Waste to undertake a review of its
operations, which would look at the structure of the levy and ways to continue
to drive diversion of waste from landfill into recycling.

LGA acting CEO Cate Atkinson said she welcomed a review of the levy.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              907 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         Cheney Free Press (Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                November 5, 2015

Public Works;
Cheneys 2016 budget: Enterprise funds

BYLINE: Cheney Free Press staff

LENGTH: 539  words


When it comes to Cheney's Public Works Department budget, over half of it is in
some liquid form.

Water and wastewater ac-, count for 54 percent of the department's $7.18 million
budget in 2016, with the larger portion -- 36 percent -- going to the latter.
Tied with water at 18 percent is solid waste, thanks in part to the city's
decision to take on hauling its own municipal waste to Spokane's Waste to Energy
Plant in 2014.

When it comes to wastewater revenues, 98 percent of the $2,637,900 projected to
be taken in during 2016 will come from service fees. On the other side of the
ledger, 39 percent of the $2,627,700 in expenses is due to operation and
maintenance, with salaries and benefits at 33 percent and debt service at 27
percent.

The latter is rather large due to the expansion about five years ago of the
city's wastewater treatment plant, Public Works Director Todd Ableman told the
City Council at its Oct. 27 meeting.

Service fees account for 97 percent of the solid waste division's $1,297,100 in
projected revenue, while operations and maintenance takes up 39 percent of
expenses, with salaries and benefits at 33 percent and disposal fees at 28
percent.

"That's all our own, plus recycling," Ableman said.

In a comparison table presented to the council, Ableman said Cheney's solid
waste rate is the lowest in Spokane County at $11.88 percent for a 64-gallon
container, with Medical Lake coming in at $28.69 and the city of Spokane at
$28.42.

Water revenue runs virtually the same as solid waste and wastewater, with 95
percent of the projected 2016 amount of $1,278,200 coming from service fees.
Operation and maintenance runs 56 percent of expenses, with salaries and
benefits at 28 percent and a low debt service of 5 percent.

The Water Department faces some challenges in the coming years when it comes to
its water supply, especially if the trend over the past 2-3 years of drier
winters, hotter earlier springs and longer summers is an indication of the
future. The city is looking at ways of increasing production with its wells
along with planning and seeking funding to study ways of using re-use water for
irrigation along with better stormwater management.

With regards to the former, Ableman said he was contacted by the state
Department of Ecology and told they had received and were reviewing the city's
request for $70,000 in grant funding to help rehabilitation Wells 1, 2 and 5 -
its main sources of water.

Finally, the city is looking at a number of projects for the coming year in its
Streets Department. Transportation's $1,133 million in revenues come from a
variety of sources such as a utility tax (33 percent), grants (31 percent) and
the motor vehicle excise tax (22 percent).

Five projects are listed for funding, including city wide residential sidewalk
upgrades, three residential street projects and the Betz Road preservation
project from State Route 904 to North Sixth Street. Three preservation projects
waiting in the wings pending state Transportation Improvement Board funding are
Betz Road from North Sixth to Oakland Street, Cheney-Spokane Road from SR 904 to
the city limits and Simpson Parkway from SR 904 to North Sixth Street.

John M cCal lum can be reached at jmac@cheneyfreepress.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CFP

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2015 Cheney Free Press


                              908 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                      Herald-Times (Bloomington, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 2, 2011 Tuesday

Old medications now can be disposed of at two Bloomington locations

BYLINE: Dann Denny, Herald-Times, Bloomington, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 719 words


Aug. 02--When Dr. Owen Slaughter's mother died, leaving behind a medicine
cabinet filled with prescription medications, he had to wait six months to
dispose of them during the annual weeklong Medical Roundup in Monroe County.

Now, thanks to a new program that was launched Thursday, the Bloomington
physician -- and anyone else for that matter -- will be able to drop off unused,
unwanted or expired pharmaceutical drugs or controlled substances, year-round,
at two collection sites in Bloomington.

The program, called the Monroe County Pharmaceutical Safe Disposal Program, was
unveiled by Monroe County Prosecuting Attorney Chris Gaal and other officials
last week at a press conference at Bloomington Hospital. It will replace the
once-a-year Medical Roundup.

"We believe this will have significant public safety, health and environmental
benefits for our community," Gaal said. "And if it works here at our two pilot
locations, it could become a model for other communities."

Gaal said the Drug Enforcement Administration requires most controlled drug
drop-off sites to be manned by a law enforcement officer, but that requirement
does not apply to the new drop off sites because the drugs will be deposited in
locked metal boxes in control of the Monroe County Sheriff's Office.

"We are very concerned about safety when we are inviting people to drop off
controlled substances like Lortab and Oxycontin," Gaal said, adding that the
drop-off sites are indoors and monitored by surveillance cameras. Sheriff's
department officers will periodically empty the boxes. All controlled substances
will be taken to Covanta Energy's incinerator in Indianapolis.

People can drop off their over-the-counter and prescription medications year
round from 7:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday at the Monroe County
Solid Waste Management District's main facility at 3400 South Walnut St; and 24
hours a day, 7 days a week in the IU Health Bloomington Hospital's lobby.

Scott Morgan, operations director for the Monroe County Solid Waste Management
District, said before the new program was launched, people could not drop off
controlled substances at the district's main location at 3400 S. Walnut St., but
now they can.

Folks are asked to dispose their pharmaceutical drugs in bottles or packaging
with original labels. They can take needles, syringes, mercury thermometers or
inhalers to the Monroe County Solid Waste Management District during its regular
business hours.

"This program is for consumers only," Gaal said. "It's not be used by doctors,
who contract with private companies to dispose of their drugs."

The program was put together by Gaal, the Monroe County Sheriff's Department,
the Solid Waste Management District and TRIAD -- a senior advocacy organization.

Gaal said money for the two collection boxes came from a $600 grant from the Sea
Grant Foundation, an environmental organization that works to reduce water
contamination.

He said when people flush pills down the toilet or sink, or throw them in the
trash, the pills will likely wind up in lakes and streams, or leaching out of a
landfill. "Municipal sewage treatment systems ... are simply not equipped for
the removal of pharmaceuticals," he said. Tossing pharmaceuticals in the garbage
also poses a poisoning risk to pets and children and increases the risk of
identity theft.

And getting drugs out of the house can reduce the chance of them being stolen,
Gaal said. For more information about this new program, visit
www.co.monroe.in.us/prosecutor.

Marsh collection

Each spring and fall there is a two-day Unwanted Medicine Collection at all 40
Marsh stores in Indiana, during which people can drop off their unused or
expired prescription or over-the-counter medications, as well as syringes,
needles and other medical sharps. This fall, the Marsh collection dates will be
Sept. 24 and 25. The collection effort is sponsored by Marsh, the Indiana
Department of Environmental Management and other agencies.

To see more of the Herald-Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.heraldtimesonline.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Herald-Times,
Bloomington, Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110802-BM-Old-medications-now-can-be-disposed-of-at-two-Bloomington-locations-
0802-20110802

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                          Copyright 2011 Herald-Times


                              909 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                             The Telegraph (India)

                             April 12, 2015 Sunday

Glare on clean-up funds use - CAG report indicts PMC over waste management

BYLINE: Piyush Kumar Tripathi

LENGTH: 497  words


Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) bought walky-talky sets for civic management
with funds meant for clearing garbage.

It also set up biometric attendance machine with the same funds, which would
make the streets spick and span.

Such surprising facts were found in the Comptroller and Auditor General of India
(CAG) report tabled in the Assembly last week.

In the report, the PMC has also been found supporting unauthorised building
construction activities over the past five years.

The CAG audit data has unearthed excess payments of funds to the tune of Rs 31
lakh by the PMC on account of supply or fuel and hire charges during the period
of 2009-14 meant for sanitation purpose. The report has stated that a lump sum
was paid for hiring vehicles and drivers for garbage-removal works and
consumption of fuel.

Regarding misappropriation of funds meant for civic services, the PMC spent Rs
64.42 lakh of the 13th Finance Commission Grants earmarked for solid waste
management works between December 2011 and October 2013 for administrative
purposes.

Similarly, funds to the tune of Rs 38.82 lakh earmarked for solid waste
management works were used for purchase of walky-talky (Rs 18.09 lakh) and
biometric attendance machine (Rs 20.73 lakh) during the same period.

The CAG report has made sharp comments against the civic body for showing
"callous attitude" towards solid waste management works. The report has stated
that the PMC did not have any record of generation of solid waste during the
audit period (2009-14). It was also noticed during the audit that against
requirement of 3,075 bins of capacity of 0.4 tonnes each, a meagre of 100 bins
were provided by the corporation for all the 72 wards, which was not adequate
for the estimated quantity of 1,230 tonnes of waste being generated every day.

Ward councillors in the PMC have put the blame of such irregularities in solid
waste management on mayor Afzal Imam. "Imam is mayor at the PMC from 2010 till
date and a number of scams and frauds have come into the light during this
period. Thus, only the mayor is responsible for the irregularities identified by
the CAG report as well and thorough investigation should be carried out in this
regard," said Vinay Kumar Pappu, former deputy mayor.

The CAG report has also pointed out rampant violation of building byelaws in
approval of building plans and maps during the same period. The audit report
found 84 cases of gross violation of building byelaws with regard to flouting of
norms related to floor area ratio, setback area and minimum width of the road
abutting the buildings among others.

The report has also raised objections over sanction of building construction
plans by unauthorised architects.

New municipal commissioner Jai Singh has claimed that he was working towards
streamlining the work culture at the PMC. "Though I have not seen the CAG report
but I am trying to gradually streamline everything in the PMC so that such
irregularities are not repeated," said Singh.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 The Telegraph (India), distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              910 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

USPTO grants trade mark "THINK GREEN CAMPUS MODEL" to Waste Management, Inc.
CORPORATION (TEXAS)

LENGTH: 54  words

DATELINE: Alexandria


Waste Management, Inc. CORPORATION (TEXAS), has been granted trademark (4606194)
titled as "THINK GREEN CAMPUS MODEL" from the United States Patent and Trademark
Office.

Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 040. US 100 103 106. G & S: Consulting services in the field of
recycling; recycling services. FIRST USE: 20140702.

Filing

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              911 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                             March 26, 1999, Friday

Waste Management buys rival

SECTION: BUSINESS Pg. 27; BUSINESS

LENGTH: 526 words


Waste Management NZ is not worried about market-dominance concerns in buying
rival rubbish collection group, Waste Care.

The Auckland-based listed waste disposal business announced yesterday that it
will buy Waste Care for $ 115 million, making a rights issue to help fund the
purchase. Waste Care has regional businesses in Christchurch, Auckland,
Whangarei, Hamilton, Hawkes Bay, Palmerston North, and Wellington.

Waste Management's shares jumped 100c to 990 in reaction to the deal, which
requires Commerce Commission approval, plus Overseas Investment Commission
approval, a due diligence review of Waste Care, and approval by Waste
Management's shareholders.

Waste Management's group financial controller, Grant Tietjens, said that the
company had analysed what the takeover would mean in market share, but "we
believe that it will fall within the Commerce Commission's guidelines of under
40% of waste disposal in the regions".

"People think Waste Management was large and that with Waste Care it would
dominate business, but both Onyx and the Fulton Hogan and Auckland's Northern
Disposal Systems EnviroWaste Services joint venture were big in New Zealand."

Auckland's Yellow Pages listed 40 rubbish disposal operators, "and I'm sure that
Christchurch's Yellow Pages is similar".

"It's easy to start a rubbish business. All you need is a truck and a few bins,"
he said.

Waste Care is being sold by SITA, which is called the European leader in getting
rid of waste products. SITA is majority owned subsidiary of France's Suez
Lyonnaise des Eaux.

Mr Tietjens said that the purchase, expected to be settled in May, would be made
by a near equal mix of debt and equity, the ratio depending on how much banks
allowed Waste Management to borrow. Until the renounceable rights issue was
completed it would be funded by bridging finance.

Last month, Waste Management reported a $ 10.849m after-tax profit in the year
ended December 31, on sales of $ 78.715m.

Waste Management said that Waste Care's 1998 audited accounts were not yet
available but the target group's 1997 after-tax profit was $ 7.2m on turnover of
$ 47m.

Waste Care's Christchurch business, which employs 17 people, works in both
domestic and commercial rubbish disposal areas. Mr Tietjens said that Waste
Care's business would be a lot lower than Waste Management's in the city, but he
was uncertain what the combined total would be.

Waste Management's chairman, Alton Jamieson, said the combined business would
continue to make significant trading cash flows. The takeover would also help
with Waste Management's plans to expand business.

The debt component of purchase would give Waste Management a more efficiently
geared balance sheet. However, the company also recognised that the deal
contained significant goodwill, he said.

SITA's executives said their company decided to focus on markets and business
where it could reach critical mass.

Waste Management has changed the date of its annual meeting from April 29 to May
18 to allow shareholders to vote on the proposed purchase, rather than hold two
shareholders meetings close together.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 Fairfax New Zealand


                              912 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                             March 26, 1999, Friday

Waste Management buys rival

SECTION: BUSINESS Pg. 27; BUSINESS

LENGTH: 526 words


Waste Management NZ is not worried about market-dominance concerns in buying
rival rubbish collection group, Waste Care.

The Auckland-based listed waste disposal business announced yesterday that it
will buy Waste Care for $ 115 million, making a rights issue to help fund the
purchase. Waste Care has regional businesses in Christchurch, Auckland,
Whangarei, Hamilton, Hawkes Bay, Palmerston North, and Wellington.

Waste Management's shares jumped 100c to 990 in reaction to the deal, which
requires Commerce Commission approval, plus Overseas Investment Commission
approval, a due diligence review of Waste Care, and approval by Waste
Management's shareholders.

Waste Management's group financial controller, Grant Tietjens, said that the
company had analysed what the takeover would mean in market share, but "we
believe that it will fall within the Commerce Commission's guidelines of under
40% of waste disposal in the regions".

"People think Waste Management was large and that with Waste Care it would
dominate business, but both Onyx and the Fulton Hogan and Auckland's Northern
Disposal Systems EnviroWaste Services joint venture were big in New Zealand."

Auckland's Yellow Pages listed 40 rubbish disposal operators, "and I'm sure that
Christchurch's Yellow Pages is similar".

"It's easy to start a rubbish business. All you need is a truck and a few bins,"
he said.

Waste Care is being sold by SITA, which is called the European leader in getting
rid of waste products. SITA is majority owned subsidiary of France's Suez
Lyonnaise des Eaux.

Mr Tietjens said that the purchase, expected to be settled in May, would be made
by a near equal mix of debt and equity, the ratio depending on how much banks
allowed Waste Management to borrow. Until the renounceable rights issue was
completed it would be funded by bridging finance.

Last month, Waste Management reported a $ 10.849m after-tax profit in the year
ended December 31, on sales of $ 78.715m.

Waste Management said that Waste Care's 1998 audited accounts were not yet
available but the target group's 1997 after-tax profit was $ 7.2m on turnover of
$ 47m.

Waste Care's Christchurch business, which employs 17 people, works in both
domestic and commercial rubbish disposal areas. Mr Tietjens said that Waste
Care's business would be a lot lower than Waste Management's in the city, but he
was uncertain what the combined total would be.

Waste Management's chairman, Alton Jamieson, said the combined business would
continue to make significant trading cash flows. The takeover would also help
with Waste Management's plans to expand business.

The debt component of purchase would give Waste Management a more efficiently
geared balance sheet. However, the company also recognised that the deal
contained significant goodwill, he said.

SITA's executives said their company decided to focus on markets and business
where it could reach critical mass.

Waste Management has changed the date of its annual meeting from April 29 to May
18 to allow shareholders to vote on the proposed purchase, rather than hold two
shareholders meetings close together.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 Fairfax New Zealand


                              913 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      May 18, 1995, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

Sandy Springs faces loss of backyard trash pickup;
Recent hearings poorly attended

BYLINE: Hannah Kamenetsky; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA, Pg. 8H

LENGTH: 575 words


A proposal by the Fulton County Public Works Department may dump twice-weekly
backyard trash pickup in Sandy Springs in favor of once-a- week curbside pickup
by county-contracted haulers.

But the results of a countywide survey to be mailed out soon will help determine
what changes, if any, are made, according to Errol Williams, deputy public works
director.

According to Williams, 12,800 homes in Sandy Springs would be affected if
twice-weekly pickup is dropped.

The proposed changes aim to step up monitoring of trash pickup countywide with
an eye to reducing the amount of solid waste heading to landfills by September
1996, according to Williams.

"It's part of the Comprehensive Solid Waste Management Act that has established
a mechanism for monitoring and reporting the status of our local waste
management program," Williams said. "Right now only 20 percent of solid waste is
being monitored, however, you have 80 percent of the collection in a
laissez-faire state."

Sandy Springs residents north of Dalrymple Road have a choice of using Waste
Management, which has a contract with the county, or a private hauler to pick up
kitchen waste.

Word of the proposed changes does not please some Sandy Springs residents.

"The people in Sandy Springs have cherished their backyard pickup, and I don't
think that they realize that what's going to happen is it's going to change,"
said Eva Galambos, one of only two Sandy Springs residents who attended a
hearing in north Fulton early this month.

"We are a community that has cherished the backyard pickup for years," she said.
"It looks neater. You've got long driveways and we have very rolling terrain and
we have a lot of older people in Sandy Springs."

The county plans to mail a survey requesting resident response to the proposed
changes.

In a public hearing at Haynes Bridge Middle School, Public Works Department
officials proposed a more consistent countywide trash collection policy.

This could be done in one of two ways, according to Williams. Under a
"nonexclusive" scenario, residents would still be able to choose a private
company to haul away their trash, but the haulers would have to meet more
stringent regulations.

"Option one would still maintain the multiple hauler situation with direct
subscription (with private haulers)," Williams said. "However, haulers would
have to meet new standards for collection service."

These standards would include use of closed-top trucks for hauling trash, an
agreement to haul away yard trimmings as well as kitchen waste to reduce the
amount of solid waste heading to landfills, and proof of a performance bond.

Under the second option, the county would create four service districts - two in
north Fulton and two in south Fulton - and all trash would be handled by
county-contracted haulers.

"This would require that we have one primary hauler exclusively serving each of
those districts," Williams said. "The county would have competitive bidding for
each of those districts to get the best price, and all requirements in option
one would hold."

But a potential cost saving isn't enough to sway the residents of Sandy Springs.

"Forty percent less would not be enough," said Harriet Grant, who lives in the
Riverside subdivision. "My house is 200-250 feet down a driveway and that idea
won't fly. For me to take it up to the top of the hill, I might as well just
take it straight to the dump."

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              914 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 24, 2015 Friday

Tennessee: TDEC announces 2025 Solid Waste and Materials Management Plan

LENGTH: 805  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation (TDEC) announced today
its 2025 Solid Waste and Materials Management Plan at the 2015 Environmental
Show of the South in Gatlinburg, Tenn.

"The plan marks a new era in sustainable materials management in Tennessee,
serving as a roadmap for Tennessee solid waste stakeholders," TDEC Commissioner
Bob Martineau said. "It will help establish a comprehensive statewide solid
waste management system that continues to protect public health and safety and
enhance the quality of the environment, but with extra focus on sustainability
and recycling."

While the 1991 Solid Waste Management Plan's focus was on ensuring adequate
collection infrastructure and disposal capacity, the 2015-2025 plan embraces the
concept of sustainable materials management, which incorporates several themes,
including:

Many materials at the end of their useful life still have value, and as such can
and should be recovered;
    Decisions about sustainable materials management do not just occur at the
end of a product's useful life, but also when a purchasing decision is made;
    The waste management hierarchy establishes a preferred approach to managing
materials (reuse, then recovery, processing with energy recovery, incineration
without energy recovery, and disposal), but acknowledges that other factors also
come into play in making a decision regarding how a material will be managed,
including transportation costs and environmental impacts, the use of multiple
methods for managing waste, costs, and other factors; and,
    To the extent that Tennessee manufacturers can use recovered materials from
within the state as a feedstock, Tennessee businesses will be able to keep the
economic benefits of recycling activity in Tennessee. Recycling is not just
beneficial to Tennessee's environment, but is also beneficial to the economy.

The plan seeks to fulfill the policy statements of the Solid Waste Management
Act of 1991 through working diligently and closely with stakeholders to
accomplish environmentally sound solid waste collection, treatment and disposal
through source reduction, reuse, recycling, composting and other methods.
Further, the vision is to promote Tennessee end markets for material processing
and end use.

The plan's objectives are as follows:

Objective 1: Update Goals and Measure Progress - establish more robust solid
waste management goals, to more accurately measure the disposition of municipal
solid waste in Tennessee, and to better assess progress toward achieving those
goals.

Objective 2: Increase Access to and Participation in Recycling - expand the
breadth of recycling making sure access to convenient recycling programs is
available to all Tennesseans, as well as expanding participation in recycling
programs.

Objective 3: Enhance Processing and End Markets - facilitate closing the
materials processing gaps and increasing the opportunities for end uses of
recovered materials in Tennessee, in an effort to incentivize increased
diversion and simultaneously strengthen the state's economy.

Objective 4: Increase Diversion of Organics - encourage the reuse, composting,
and beneficial use of organics, as well as implement source reduction efforts,
to decrease the disposal of these materials.

Objective 5: Support New Diversion Technology - support the adoption of new
technologies in the state, as appropriate, that will help Tennessee move closer
to reaching its waste diversion and recycling goals.

Objective 6: Expand and Focus Education and Outreach - improve education and
outreach in Tennessee regarding the opportunities for source reduction,
recycling, and composting, and the benefits of these activities relative to
disposal.

Objective 7: Ensure Sufficient and Environmentally Sound Disposal - monitor MSW
disposal capacity to be sure it is sufficient, and ensure that disposal
facilities are maintained in an environmentally sound manner.

Objective 8: Develop Sustainable Funding Sources for Sustainable Materials
Management - ensure that state and local governments have sustainable funding
sources in place to develop and support programs to manage municipal solid waste
and materials.

TDEC will accomplish the stated objectives using several strategies and tactics,
including providing technical assistance to local governments, seeking
public/private partnerships, developing partnerships with other agencies and
organizations, leveraging existing programs more fully, and providing grants to
local governments.

To accomplish these objectives, TDEC will rely on the engagement of the many
stakeholder groups listed throughout the plan and the implementation tables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              915 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 23, 2015 Thursday

Tennessee: TDEC announces 2025 Solid Waste and Materials Management Plan

LENGTH: 805  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation (TDEC) announced today
its 2025 Solid Waste and Materials Management Plan at the 2015 Environmental
Show of the South in Gatlinburg, Tenn.

"The plan marks a new era in sustainable materials management in Tennessee,
serving as a roadmap for Tennessee solid waste stakeholders," TDEC Commissioner
Bob Martineau said. "It will help establish a comprehensive statewide solid
waste management system that continues to protect public health and safety and
enhance the quality of the environment, but with extra focus on sustainability
and recycling."

While the 1991 Solid Waste Management Plan's focus was on ensuring adequate
collection infrastructure and disposal capacity, the 2015-2025 plan embraces the
concept of sustainable materials management, which incorporates several themes,
including:

Many materials at the end of their useful life still have value, and as such can
and should be recovered;
    Decisions about sustainable materials management do not just occur at the
end of a product's useful life, but also when a purchasing decision is made;
    The waste management hierarchy establishes a preferred approach to managing
materials (reuse, then recovery, processing with energy recovery, incineration
without energy recovery, and disposal), but acknowledges that other factors also
come into play in making a decision regarding how a material will be managed,
including transportation costs and environmental impacts, the use of multiple
methods for managing waste, costs, and other factors; and,
    To the extent that Tennessee manufacturers can use recovered materials from
within the state as a feedstock, Tennessee businesses will be able to keep the
economic benefits of recycling activity in Tennessee. Recycling is not just
beneficial to Tennessee's environment, but is also beneficial to the economy.

The plan seeks to fulfill the policy statements of the Solid Waste Management
Act of 1991 through working diligently and closely with stakeholders to
accomplish environmentally sound solid waste collection, treatment and disposal
through source reduction, reuse, recycling, composting and other methods.
Further, the vision is to promote Tennessee end markets for material processing
and end use.

The plan's objectives are as follows:

Objective 1: Update Goals and Measure Progress - establish more robust solid
waste management goals, to more accurately measure the disposition of municipal
solid waste in Tennessee, and to better assess progress toward achieving those
goals.

Objective 2: Increase Access to and Participation in Recycling - expand the
breadth of recycling making sure access to convenient recycling programs is
available to all Tennesseans, as well as expanding participation in recycling
programs.

Objective 3: Enhance Processing and End Markets - facilitate closing the
materials processing gaps and increasing the opportunities for end uses of
recovered materials in Tennessee, in an effort to incentivize increased
diversion and simultaneously strengthen the state's economy.

Objective 4: Increase Diversion of Organics - encourage the reuse, composting,
and beneficial use of organics, as well as implement source reduction efforts,
to decrease the disposal of these materials.

Objective 5: Support New Diversion Technology - support the adoption of new
technologies in the state, as appropriate, that will help Tennessee move closer
to reaching its waste diversion and recycling goals.

Objective 6: Expand and Focus Education and Outreach - improve education and
outreach in Tennessee regarding the opportunities for source reduction,
recycling, and composting, and the benefits of these activities relative to
disposal.

Objective 7: Ensure Sufficient and Environmentally Sound Disposal - monitor MSW
disposal capacity to be sure it is sufficient, and ensure that disposal
facilities are maintained in an environmentally sound manner.

Objective 8: Develop Sustainable Funding Sources for Sustainable Materials
Management - ensure that state and local governments have sustainable funding
sources in place to develop and support programs to manage municipal solid waste
and materials.

TDEC will accomplish the stated objectives using several strategies and tactics,
including providing technical assistance to local governments, seeking
public/private partnerships, developing partnerships with other agencies and
organizations, leveraging existing programs more fully, and providing grants to
local governments.

To accomplish these objectives, TDEC will rely on the engagement of the many
stakeholder groups listed throughout the plan and the implementation tables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              916 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            October 23, 2015 Friday

PMC to revive non-operational bio-gas plant at a cost of 25L to light up 100
street lights

SECTION: NAVI MUMBAI

LENGTH: 347 words


NAVI MUMBAI: Panvel's street lights will soon be lit using bio-gas, as the
municipal council is planning to restart the defunct bio-gas plant soon. PMC is
planning to light up about 100 street lights by using a grant of Rs 25 lakh.

The PMC chief officer Mangesh Chitale said, "Approximately 100 street lights can
be lit up after the plant becomes functional." The limit is set at 100 since the
plant has capacity to only provide energy to light that number of street lights,
said officials.

The sanitary department head Dilip S Kadam said that they are getting the grant
for the plan under the 14th finance commission.

The best plan on how to use the bio-gas to light up the street lights will be
selected from the roadmaps being prepared by four consultants.

The plant was earlier handled by the PMC works department but the responsibility
has been handed over to the sanitary department. A newly-appointed engineer is
currently assigned to take up the revival task further.

The bio-gas plant was started in 2008 and remained till 2013. The bio-gas plant
set up was mandatory to process the municipal solid waste under Solid Waste
Management Act 2000. The plant was constructed at a cost of Rs 18 lakh.

The civic body also opted to sell the bio-gas at the local level to generate
money but failed to get positive response from the hotel and cooperative housing
societies it had approached.

"Since we did not get a positive response, it led to the plant's closure.
Approximately 5metric tons of garbage collected per day from hotels was used to
make the bio-gas," said Kadam.

The PMC also ended up wasting bio-gas generated for over five years due to no
takers. Latif Shaikh, a PMC councillor alleged that the administration failed to
keep the bio-gas plant functional.

"The garbage used in the bio-gas plant earlier is now sent to the dumping ground
in Taloja. Even the gas generated was not used for any purpose and just released
into the air.," said Shaikh.

He added that the administration never quantified the amount of bio-gas produced
from the garbage.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              917 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                             May 3, 2006 Wednesday

Kate Valley figures in Waste Mgt profit

SECTION: BUSINESS; BUSINESS DAY; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 456 words


Canterbury's Kate Valley rubbish dump has boosted takeover target Waste
Management NZ's first-quarter result.

The listed Auckland rubbish collector, which owns 25 per cent of the Kate Valley
site, has announced its first-quarter trading profit rose 8.4% to $7.8 million.
The latest result was released yesterday in a swathe of shareholder information,
including Grant Samuel & Associates' appraisal report, on the proposed
amalgamation with Australia's Transpacific Industries.

The information also reveals Waste Management's managing director Kim Ellis and
chief financial officer Ken Bugden will get windfalls, should the deal proceed.
Ellis would get up to $367,462 and Bugden $183,727 a year, after the deal
proceeds, if they remain at Transpacific. If made redundant, they are also
eligible for the money.

Should shareholders approve the deal, management options will be exercised at
$15.7m, which Waste Management will receive and use to repay debt.

Waste Management said its New Zealand trading profit rose 8.3% to $18.5m, after
the first year of the Kate Valley venture, a partnership with EnviroWaste and
local bodies, had boosted earnings. Australian earnings were flat at $3.4m.

Last month, Transpacific bid $870m, or 864c a share, for Waste Management in a
merger proposal under the Companies Act. To succeed, Brisbane's Transpacific
requires 75% of shareholders' votes cast in a special resolution at a May 17
Auckland meeting and a simple majority of votes cast in a separate ordinary
resolution.

Waste Management's board unanimously recommends Transpacific's offer, which is
12% above the midpoint of Grant Samuel's 724c to 821c valuation on the shares,
and is a 33% premium to Waste Management's average price in the month before the
bid was launched.

Carmel Fisher, managing director of Fisher Funds which is Waste Management's
biggest shareholder with 6.2%, said at first glance not a lot of numbers in
Grant Samuel's report showed how it had reached its valuation range.

"We are really trying to find the substance for how they could come up with (in
particular) the low end of the valuation range. We just can't understand that at
all," she said.

Both Grant Samuel and Waste Management's directors warn shareholders the value
of their shares is likely to fall if the bid fails.

Grant Samuel also details break fees included in the deal. Waste Management has
agreed to pay Transpacific $8m if its shareholders reject the deal.
Transpacific, meanwhile, will pay Waste Management $8m if its separate bid for
Brambles Industries' Australian Cleanaway and Brambles Industrial Services units
succeeds. The New Zealand firm is providing management services to Transpacific
for this bid.

Waste Management's shares yesterday fell 1c to 860.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              918 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               November 29, 1989, WEDNESDAY, ST. CHARLES Edition

FRANCIS HOWELL ELECTIONS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1200 words


I am writing in response to the Nov. 20 article, ''Board Considering $26 Million
Bond Issue For February.'' I find the timing of their announcement to be an
affront to the voters of the Francis Howell School District.  On Nov. 7, after
having been subjected to daily media hype that we residents would lose our
triple-A rating, voters approved a 47-cent increase for the stated purpose of
hiring additional teachers.  Now we are being told that we need more elementary
schools. One could be led to assume that if February's bond issue is approved
that the board will be back to telling voters that once again they need more
teachers. This, I believe, is what is referred to as the endless tax increase
circle.  Heck, for a while, the board had me guessing. I was beginning to think
that they didn't have any monetary problems since they are now considering
hiring an economic development coordinator at a yearly salary of between $37,000
and $43,000.  They say that this coordinator's duties are to help the district
attract industry to our area. Isn't it heartwarming to know that Francis Howell
now wants to get involved in the St. Charles County government infrastructure by
having its very own Industrial Development Department.  I certainly don't tend
to have the long-range answers to the current financial problems that face the
school district, but it is quite clear in what I read and hear that the current
Francis Howell School Board doesn't have any solvent answers either. John F.
Wachter Former Ward 4 Alderman St. Peters WED LETTERS FROM READERS Recycling
Efforts Many St. Charles residents have asked what the county is doing in
finding solutions to the impending solid waste disposal problem within the
county.  Missouri statutes under Section 260 mandate counties and cities with
populations over 500 to plan and manage their solid waste disposal.  The county
presently has no authority to deal with the actual solid waste handling (flow
control) or solid waste disposal in the unincorporated areas of the county,
unlike cities of St. Charles and St. Peters, which can.  Without a charter form
of county government, Missouri has to grant the county authority rather than the
county making its own ordinances.  Without much fanfare, St. Charles County has
been successful with the implementation of several recommendations presented in
the 1987 Solid Waste Management Plan, even with the funding and legal
restraints. The County Commission has appointed a solid waste task force to
define current problems and recommend solutions. The task force has invited all
the municipalities to join with the county to address their special needs and be
part of the solution.  The county has hired a full-time solid waste manager who
enforces waste hauler licensing, investigates illegal dumping and will be
managing the county's recycling efforts. With the help of a Department of
Natural Resources grant (and) by paying about a third the cost, the county has a
full-time recycling education director for school grades kindergarten through
12. In addition, the county has constructed a new recycling drop-off center
located east of Wentzville. Hopefully, the county will be able to build another
drop-off center near Weldon Spring some day. With Jane Bishop's recycling center
(which has been operating for years with cooperation from the city of St.
Charles), the three points of the Golden Triangle will have convenient drop-off
centers. St. Peters is planning a drop-off center near the new city
administration building which will further enhance the county's recycling
efforts. The County Commission is actively participating with the four
surrounding counties to discuss regional approaches.  The public can show its
support of the county's efforts by attending the dedication of the new recycling
drop-off center to be held at 1 p.m. on Saturday. The center is located at 2100
East Pitman Road, Wentzville, which is next to the county's animal shelter. I
firmly believe that people want to do what is responsible and with solid waste
that is to: reuse it if we can; reduce the amount of waste; and recycle it to
preserve our precious resources.  Please be a part of the solution and not the
problem and use the drop-off centers regularly.  Mark S. Alvey Chairman, St.
Charles County Solid Waste Task Force St. Charles

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              919 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 26, 2008 Monday

Solid waste authority votes to apply for recycling grant

BYLINE: Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 450 words


May 26--The Berks County Solid Waste Authority board has voted 5-0 to apply for
a $458,800 state recycling grant that would, among other things, pay for buying
a biofuel collection truck that runs on cooking oil.

Jane C. Meeks, authority executive director, said the vehicle would play a key
role in the authority's new school foodwaste recycling program.

"We're starting with a few schools and will build from there," she said.

The state Department of Environmental Protection has completed food audits at
the Berks Career & Technology Center in Bern Township and at Albright College,
both of which she hopes to include in the program's expansion during the
2009-2010 school year, she said.

The Rodale Institute near Kutztown, which has the required permit to accept food
waste for composting, will partner on the project and help pay for the vehicle.

The truck's estimated $167,800 cost would be mostly covered by the DEP grant,
with the authority's share projected at $16,180, Meeks said.

The cost of composting food waste is much lower than transporting it with other
trash to landfills and paying for dumping space, she noted.

The authority kicked off its initiative during Earth Day on April 22 with a
lunchtime recycling program at the Conrad Weiser Middle School that separates
uneaten food, and waste generated during food preparation, from plastics and
trash.

Plans call for expanding the program this fall to the district's high school and
two elementaries, she said.

The DEP grant, expected to be approved in 2009, also would fund expansion of the
county's rural recycling program and improvements at the county's recycling
center on Hill Top Road in Bern Township, Meeks said.

The county's 57 percent recycling rate is ahead of the statewide target of 35
percent, she noted.

In other business, Meeks said a major cleanup of decades-old debris,
construction waste and appliances off South Ninth Street in Cumru Township is
expected to be completed this week.

The $42,000 project is being done quickly by a private contractor along the
steep slopes of the Schuylkill River before snakes begin emerging along the
riverbank, she said.

The board also raised Meeks' salary to $66,000 from $60,000, retroactive to
April 2. A former member of the authority's board, Meeks was named executive
director in April 2006.

To see more of the Reading Eagle, or to subscribe, go to
http://www.readingeagle.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Reading Eagle, Pa. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080526-RE-Solid-waste-authority-votes-to-apply-for-recycling-grant
-0526

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2008 Reading Eagle


                              920 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                              April 9, 2007 Monday
                                NIAGARA EDITION

One position is envisioned for managing of solid waste;
Oversight role for Pope not part of county plan

BYLINE: By Thomas J. Prohaska - NEWS NIAGARA BUREAU

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 552 words

DATELINE: LOCKPORT


If its plan is approved in Albany, Niagara County will be hiring a new full-time
employee to govern its solid-waste management efforts, seemingly relegating
Refuse Disposal District Director Richard P. Pope to landfill management.

But Pope said Saturday that he thinks a position of deputy public works
commissioner will be needed to oversee the new appointee and that he would like
that position for himself.

However, County Legislature Chairman Clyde L. Burmaster, R-Ransomville, said
there are no plans to create a job such as the one envisioned by Pope.

Pope had sought the role of governing the execution of the state-mandated waste-
management plan, and a pay raise of as much as $20,000 to go with the added
responsibility.

But the county's final plan, submitted Wednesday to the Department of
Environmental Conservation, envisions a new job title of environmental science
coordinator. The person in that job, to be filled through civil service
procedures, would report to Public Works Commissioner Kevin P. O'Brien.

A March 5 letter to County Manager Gregory D. Lewis from Mark J. Hans, a DEC
regional solid-materials engineer, said that if the county wanted grant funding
to help pay for the new job, the appointee had to devote at least half his time
to the recycling effort. Burmaster said that this seemed to rule out Pope from
consideration for added duties.

"At this point, the district yields to our elected leadership on the staffing of
the plan," Pope said. "However, I still feel, based on my knowledge and
expertise, that there will have to be a deputy commissioner of public works to
oversee this [coordinator]."

Pope also pointed out that he already has clerical help. Burmaster acknowledged
that a secretary would have to be hired for the newcomer.

Burmaster said Lewis accepted his invitation to Saturday's caucus in Wheat

field to discuss the issue with the legislators.

Lewis could not be reached to comment, but about six weeks ago, he told The
Buffalo News he wanted a deputy public works commissioner to govern the waste
plan. The job title was changed to environmental sciences coordinator, as
recommended by the DEC, by the time Lewis signed the plan Wednesday.

"Greg's been a good steward on this. He's got it pretty firm in his mind, and he
did not lay out any such position as [deputy commissioner]," Burmaster said.

Burmaster said the environmental science coordinator is expected to be paid
about $50,000 a year. Pope earns $58,652 as head of the Refuse District, which
covers eight of the county's 12 towns and all three of its cities. Its primary
function today is operating a landfill in Lockport for construction and
demolition debris and maintaining closed landfills once used for trash.

The DEC has been after the county since 1989 to adopt a solid-waste plan. It got
tough with the county late last year, announcing that it would withhold grant
funding not only from the county but all of its municipalities unless a plan was
submitted quickly.

The county wants to free up $291,000 in DEC aid to reimburse half the cost of a
Gruendler tub grinder it bought for the Refuse District in 2002 with tobacco
bond proceeds, and also wants to make sure it receives state funding to recap
one of its closed landfills, a $12 million job tentatively scheduled for 2010.

e-mail: tprohaska@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              921 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               February 6, 1997, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

RESIDENTS WARY OF RECYCLING CENTER, FEAR TRASHING OF OLD DOWNTOWN AREA

BYLINE: Pauline Masson; Special To The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: ZONE WEST, Pg. 01

LENGTH: 331 words


Some Pacific residents want the city to reconsider its decision to build a
recycling center on South First Street in the old downtown section.

They fear that dumpers will misuse the facility and make the area trashy and
unsightly.

An unattended drop-off facility for separated cans, glass and paper will be
built with a $ 75,000 grant from the Boone's Lick Solid Waste Management
District and will serve Pacific and the surrounding region.

Pacific notified Boone's Lick last month that it would accept the grant and
build the center on South First Street. The city will be required to operate the
facility for at least three years.

A temporary recycling center was operated on the same site last year until the
operator went out of business. Neighbors say that it was unsightly and they
don't want another recycling center there.

Steve Reed delivered a petition signed by 25 downtown residents to the Board of
Aldermen Jan. 21. The petition urged the aldermen to find another location for
residents to drop off waste.

Other opponents to the First Street site say they worry that people won't pick
up items that fall on the ground and that some people will use the site to drop
off old furniture and other trash. And they say they don't want people driving
through the city on a main artery to see piles of collected trash.

Mayor Herb Adams urged downtown residents not to use the old recycling center as
an example of what the new center will be. He said the new building would be an
asset to any section of the city. He used the Kirkwood recycling center as an
example.

Adams said he would prefer to place the facility adjacent to the maintenance
building but he wanted the project for the city no matter where aldermen decided
to place it.

Adams said the project would help Pacific meet its mandate to reduce the amount
of solid waste in the landfill. And, when it is no longer used for recycling,
the city can use the building for the maintenance department.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1997 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              922 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                              May 16, 2011 Monday

Eureka council to consider HWMA recycling service agreement

BYLINE: Allison Edrington/The Times-Standard

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 390 words


The Humboldt Waste Management Authority's pending recycling negotiations with a
Mendocino County company will be up for consideration at the Eureka City Council
meeting Tuesday.

Before HWMA will consider approving a recycling service contract with Solid
Waste of Willits, the board wanted to ask its member agencies, which include
Humboldt County and the cities of Eureka, Arcata, Blue Lake, Ferndale and Rio
Dell, if they would like to be part of the contract.

The contract has been met with some controversy after Solid Waste of Willits
outbid local company Arcata Community Recycling Center.

ACRC Executive Director Mark Loughmiller has said if the recycling that his
company currently processes for some cities at its Samoa facility is lost, the
recently built site will likely need to be closed and at least 35 people laid
off.

Eureka Councilwoman Linda Atkins represents the city on the HWMA board. At the
waste authority's meeting last week, Atkins said she would reluctantly not be
able to approve the contract, which appears to be a better deal for rate payers
at the cost of local jobs, but she felt she was likely to be in the minority on
her council.

The council on Tuesday will look at approving the memorandum of understanding,
which would sign up the city for the service if HWMA approves the contract. City
staff's recommendation if HWMA does not approve the contract is to negotiate one
with Waste of Willits independently.

In other matters, the council will consider using redevelopment and Community
Development Block Grant funds to authorize a roughly $127,000 loan to business
start-up Mycellia Sands and approving a grant applicant to assist the nonprofit
Humboldt Bay Housing and Development Corporation. Council members will also look
at authorizing a development agreement with Open Door Community Health Centers
and look at a letter commenting on the Pacific Coast salmon plan amendment to
the Pacific Fisheries Management Council.

The meeting will be at 6 p.m. Tuesday at City Hall, 531 K St., Eureka. For a
copy of the agenda, go to City Hall, visit www.ci.eureka.ca.gov or call
441-4144.

___________________

If you go

What: Eureka City Council meeting

When: 6 p.m. Tuesday

Where: City Hall, 531 K St., Eureka

_____________________________

Staff writer Allison Edrington can be reached at 441-0506 or
edrington@times-standard.com .

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              923 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            November 18, 2011 Friday

Grant: Work to start on Wildwood school

BYLINE: By Megan Boldt mboldt@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: WASHINGTON COUNTY; Education

LENGTH: 321 words


Prep work might begin as early as this week at the site of the new Wildwood
Elementary School in Grant.

It's a day Mahtomedi school district officials have awaited eagerly for months.
Groundbreaking originally was scheduled for last April, but the project suffered
a series of setbacks in getting permits and other approvals.

The latest hang-up was site plan updates. The Minnesota Department of Natural
Resources wanted more safety signage because of the nearby Gateway State Trail.
A bus exit to Jamaca Avenue will cut across the trail, which is used by
bicyclists, horseback riders and pedestrians.

Those changes have been made, so district officials hope permits will be
approved so contractors can start grading the land next week.

"We might finally be at that last step," said Superintendent Mark Larson.

The Wildwood project has been a long and contentious battle.

Plans have been in the works for the $18 million school since 2003 when the
district reached an agreement with Waste Management Inc. to buy 70 acres for a
school and athletic fields. The new Wildwood will serve students in kindergarten
through second grade and include an early-childhood education center.

Voters in April 2010 approved issuing $45 million in bonds to build an
elementary school, renovate three other schools and upgrade athletic facilities.
The bond issue passed by just 25 votes.

The original plan was to break ground in April and open in fall 2012, but that
date was pushed back to 2013 because of the delays.

The school district didn't get city approval until June, three months later than
expected because of residents' concerns about pollution and traffic. Then the
plans had to be resubmitted this summer to a local watershed district to make
sure area water is protected.

Larson said he doesn't expect the delays to change the cost of the project
significantly.

Megan Boldt can be reached at 651-228-5495. Follow her at twitter.com/meganboldt
.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              924 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                Himalayan Times

                            March 17, 2010 Wednesday

Japans $84,688 for waste management

BYLINE: Himalayan News Service

LENGTH: 163  words


KATHMANDU : The Embassy of Japan has decided to extend a grant of $84,688 to the
Nepal Pollution Control and Environment Management Centre for the implementation
of Community Based Waste Management project in the Kathmandu Valley.

A contract was signed between Tasuo Mizuno, Ambassador of Japan and Tika Ram
Dahal, executive Director of the Nepal Pollution Control and Environment
Management Centre, at a programme organised at the Japanese Embassy in Kathmandu
today.

The grant is supposed to be utilised for the procurement of 20 compost plants, a
tipper truck for waste collection, a tempo for collection of plastics, a set of
machines to recycle papers and to conduct awareness programme.

"It will directly benefit locals in Ichangnarayan and Sitapaila VDCs, where they
have no services for solid waste collection even after the increase in
population by five times over the past five years due to rapid urbanisation in
the area", informed Japanese embassy during the programme.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 Himalayan Times, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              925 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           February 28, 2013 Thursday

Montgomery

BYLINE: STEVEN MATTHEWS

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 607 words


RIVERSIDE

City accepting officer applications

The city of Riverside is accepting applications for a full-time police officer.

Requirements include a high school diploma, valid Ohio operator's license,
current Ohio Peace Officer Training Academy Certification, and being a U.S.
citizen at least 21 years old.

Applications are available at www.riverside.oh.us or at the Municipal Building,
1791 Harsh-man Road. Applications are due by March 8. STEVEN MATTHEWS

MIAMI TWP.

Bids being sought for trash pick-up

The Miami Twp. trustees are seeking new bids for trash collection. In November,
voters rejected a property tax levy for the service. Waste Management Inc.
continues to collect township trash through a contract extension with the
trustees. On Tuesday the trustees decided to seek bids for different levels of
service. For information, call 937-433-9969. LAWRENCE BUDD

BUTLER TWP.

Township to buy 10 rifles for police

The township has authorized its police department to purchase 10 AR
15-configuration rifles at a cost of $1,500 each. Money for the rifles were in
the township's general fund budget.

Police chief John Cresie said no rifles were available through the government,
so the township has to buy them. The weapons will allow township police, among
other things, to avoid close-quarter standoffs. MARC

KATZ

DAYTON

Town hall to address state budget plan

A town hall meeting will be hosted by One Ohio Now on March 4 from 5:30 to 8
p.m. to discuss Gov. John Kasich's budget proposal and its impact on the Dayton
area. The meeting will be at North Riverdale Lutheran Church, 45 Kurtz Ave.

Speakers will include Dayton City Commissioner Nan Whaley, State Rep. Fred
Strahorn and Dr. Don Nguyen of Doctors for America. Registration can be made at
oneohionow.org/ register or 614-859-9669. MARC KATZ

CLAYTON

Northmont grants fundraiser March 8

Northmont Education Foundation's "Community Night of Giving" will be March 8 at
6:30 p.m. at Meadowbrook Country Club.

There will be silent and live auctions to raise funds for grants for Northmont
schools. Highlighted auction items include Indy 500 tickets, a one-week Colorado
condo stay and OSU items and tickets. The Northmont girls softball team with
host a kid's night at the high school for those who need child care. Call
832-5002 for information. MARC KATZ

DAYTON

Getting events covered will be event's topic

The Greater Dayton Association of Black Journalists, in collaboration with the
Dayton chapter of the Public Relations Society of America, will host an informal
discussion at 3 p.m. Saturday to help local organizations and community groups
communicate with area newspapers and television and radio stations.

This free event will be in the Dayton Contemporary Dance Company's studio.

DCDC is at 840 Germantown St. in the back of the Central State University Dayton
Campus building.

Issues to be discussed include press releases, the news cycle and barriers that
prevent coverage.

Contact GDABJ President Amelia Robinson for more information at arobinson@dayt
ondailynews.com or 937-239-1282. STAFF REPORT

KETTERING

Black history is luncheon topic

National College, 1837 Woodman Center Drive, will host a Black History Month
panel discussion and luncheon from noon to 1:30 p.m. today.

Deborah Bowman, campus director, will welcome guests. Bishop Truman Martin will
give the invocation. Dayton Daily News reporter and columnist Amelia Robinson
will serve as moderator for panelists including Truman Martin, pastor Beverly
Martin, Suzanne Seleem, Liza Benham, Cindy Elms, Jenell Ross, Hazel Latson and
Judge Walter Rice.

Call 937-299-9450 for more information. The public is invited. Seating is
limited. TERRY MORRIS

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              926 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           February 28, 2013 Thursday

Montgomery

BYLINE: STEVEN MATTHEWS

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 607 words


RIVERSIDE

City accepting officer applications

The city of Riverside is accepting applications for a full-time police officer.

Requirements include a high school diploma, valid Ohio operator's license,
current Ohio Peace Officer Training Academy Certification, and being a U.S.
citizen at least 21 years old.

Applications are available at www.riverside.oh.us or at the Municipal Building,
1791 Harsh-man Road. Applications are due by March 8. STEVEN MATTHEWS

MIAMI TWP.

Bids being sought for trash pick-up

The Miami Twp. trustees are seeking new bids for trash collection. In November,
voters rejected a property tax levy for the service. Waste Management Inc.
continues to collect township trash through a contract extension with the
trustees. On Tuesday the trustees decided to seek bids for different levels of
service. For information, call 937-433-9969. LAWRENCE BUDD

BUTLER TWP.

Township to buy 10 rifles for police

The township has authorized its police department to purchase 10 AR
15-configuration rifles at a cost of $1,500 each. Money for the rifles were in
the township's general fund budget.

Police chief John Cresie said no rifles were available through the government,
so the township has to buy them. The weapons will allow township police, among
other things, to avoid close-quarter standoffs. MARC

KATZ

DAYTON

Town hall to address state budget plan

A town hall meeting will be hosted by One Ohio Now on March 4 from 5:30 to 8
p.m. to discuss Gov. John Kasich's budget proposal and its impact on the Dayton
area. The meeting will be at North Riverdale Lutheran Church, 45 Kurtz Ave.

Speakers will include Dayton City Commissioner Nan Whaley, State Rep. Fred
Strahorn and Dr. Don Nguyen of Doctors for America. Registration can be made at
oneohionow.org/ register or 614-859-9669. MARC KATZ

CLAYTON

Northmont grants fundraiser March 8

Northmont Education Foundation's "Community Night of Giving" will be March 8 at
6:30 p.m. at Meadowbrook Country Club.

There will be silent and live auctions to raise funds for grants for Northmont
schools. Highlighted auction items include Indy 500 tickets, a one-week Colorado
condo stay and OSU items and tickets. The Northmont girls softball team with
host a kid's night at the high school for those who need child care. Call
832-5002 for information. MARC KATZ

DAYTON

Getting events covered will be event's topic

The Greater Dayton Association of Black Journalists, in collaboration with the
Dayton chapter of the Public Relations Society of America, will host an informal
discussion at 3 p.m. Saturday to help local organizations and community groups
communicate with area newspapers and television and radio stations.

This free event will be in the Dayton Contemporary Dance Company's studio.

DCDC is at 840 Germantown St. in the back of the Central State University Dayton
Campus building.

Issues to be discussed include press releases, the news cycle and barriers that
prevent coverage.

Contact GDABJ President Amelia Robinson for more information at arobinson@dayt
ondailynews.com or 937-239-1282. STAFF REPORT

KETTERING

Black history is luncheon topic

National College, 1837 Woodman Center Drive, will host a Black History Month
panel discussion and luncheon from noon to 1:30 p.m. today.

Deborah Bowman, campus director, will welcome guests. Bishop Truman Martin will
give the invocation. Dayton Daily News reporter and columnist Amelia Robinson
will serve as moderator for panelists including Truman Martin, pastor Beverly
Martin, Suzanne Seleem, Liza Benham, Cindy Elms, Jenell Ross, Hazel Latson and
Judge Walter Rice.

Call 937-299-9450 for more information. The public is invited. Seating is
limited. TERRY MORRIS

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              927 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                             May 21, 2005 Saturday
                                 South Edition

DPW acts to cut amount it pays for trash pickup;
New deals also seek to raise recycling rate

BYLINE: Shamus Mcgillicuddy

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 364 words


The Patriot Ledger The Marshfield Public Works Department hopes to cut costs and
raise the town's recycling rate with a series of new deals with its solid waste
contractors.

Public Works Superintendent R. Jeb DeLoach said his department has agreed to a
new contract with North Shore Recycled Fibers in Salem.

The company agreed to raise its payment to the town for recycled paper and
cardboard from $5 a ton to $7.50. The company also agreed to assume
transportation costs. "They will also be taking our co-mingled cans, plastic and
glass," DeLoach said. "We actually pay to dispose of that now." The department
is also negotiating a new contract for the disposal of its trash.

Currently Seneca Meadows, a landfill in Waterloo, N.Y., takes Marshfield's trash
at a cost of $78 a ton.

DeLoach said his department is negotiating with both Seneca Meadows and the
SEMASS waste-to-energy plant in Rochester for a new trash disposal deal.

DeLoach said both companies offered to take the town's trash at a lower cost of
$76 a ton.

The public works department has also accepted a bid for a $1.3 million trash
collection contract with Waste Management.

The deal represents a $300,000 cost increase, but includes some extra
commitments from Waste Management to help Marshfield raise its recycling rate.

Currently the town recycles only 3,000 tons a year, or 14 percent of all its
solid waste.

Public works officials want to raise the recycling rate to 35 percent, or 6,500
tons, by the end of next year.

"If we do that, it would save us about $260,000 a year in trash disposal costs,"
DeLoach said.

Waste Management has pledged to help enhance recycling education in the town's
schools.

The company will also provide three $1,000 scholarships to Marshfield students
who intend to study environmental science in college. The company will also
provide some flexibility with the recycled cardboard it collects at curbside.
Residents have complained that the company does not always pick up cardboard.

The board of public works will meet with the school committee on Tuesday to
discuss how the town's schools can increase their rates of recycling. Shamus
McGillicuddy may be reached at smcgillicuddy@ledger .com.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Patriot Ledger


                              928 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                          September 22, 2004 Wednesday

ELDORADO - IN BRIEF

SECTION: ELDORADO SECTION; Pg. E-1

LENGTH: 361 words


Recycle this newspaper

Newspaper recycling has returned to Eldorado.

Waste Management Inc. has resumed the pickup of newspapers along with aluminum
cans and plastic containers.

Glass is still prohibited because of the hazard it presents drivers, according
to Vistas, the newsletter that serves Eldorado.

Flea market this Saturday

The Eldorado Residents Association's annual Fall Flea Market will be held from 8
a.m. to 1 p.m. Saturday in the Eldorado Community Center parking lot.

Setup begins at 7 a.m. Booths/spaces for Eldorado residents cost $10,
nonresidents pay $15 and commercial sales tables costs $20.

Bring your own tables. Items that do not sell must be taken home. No sale of
food or weapons is allowed. ERA will sell soda, water, doughnuts and coffee
throughout the morning.

Call 466-4253 or

466-1397.

Highway closures continuing

Crews continue construction along U.S. 84/285 north of Santa Fe.

Northbound traffic is scheduled to be moved to the Rio Tesuque bridge near
County Road 73 at the end of this week.

Daytime lane closures are from 8:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. and will include the
following:

From today until Friday, the left lane of southbound U.S. 84/285 will be closed
in the area of the Cuyamungue interchange. Watch for occasional lane closures
through Tesuque Pueblo.

Nighttime lane closures are from 6 p.m. to 5:30 a.m. until Thursday and will
include the left lane of northbound U.S. 84/285, which will be closed near
Allsup's at Cuyamungue.

Pueblos receive library grants

The Institute of Museum and Library Services -- which is the primary source of
federal funding for the nation's museums and libraries -- awarded $1.7 million
to 14 American Indian communities in the United States.

Santa Clara Pueblo received $150,000, Jemez Pueblo was awarded $146,600 and Zuni
Pueblo received $96,300. The pueblos contributed matching funds to receive the
grants.

For more information about the institute, visit www.imls.gov.

Weather

Eldorado weather

for Sept. 14 - 20, 2004

High temperature for the week: 86 (Sept. 17)

Low temperature for the week:

48 (Sept. 15)

Precipitation for the week:

1.11 inches

Month-to-date precipitation:

1.23 inches

Year-to-date precipitation:

9.44 inches

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The New Mexican


                              929 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                       July 7, 1995, Friday, ALL EDITIONS

OLYMPIC WEEKLY;
378 DAYS;
Energy-saving projects fall victim to time, money shortage

BYLINE: Christina Headrick; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL OLYMPICS, Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 334 words


Despite Olympic-sized planning, many of the energy-saving projects proposed for
the '96 Games won't make it to the Opening Ceremonies.

Those projects either were deemed too expensive or could not fit into the
fast-paced construction schedule, said Betty Grant, a member of ACOG's
government relations department.

"It would be nice to do these demonstration projects, but you have to be
fiscally responsible," Grant said. "When construction began, those things were
on the table. They came off when funding wasn't found."

Last spring, the Department of Energy brainstormed about 10 ways to integrate
new technologies into Olympic buildings. But fewer than half the proposals could
be used fully, most of them in the Aquatic Center.

Among the cuts for lack of funding was a geothermal heat pump for the Morehouse
College basketball arena, Grant said.

Nor can geothermal pumps, which draw heat or cold from the ground rather than
the air, be installed in several dorms at Georgia Tech, said Bill Miller, Tech's
director of Olympic planning. They may yet be placed in another building.

Solar-powered heating for showers and communications at Georgia Tech wasn't
funded either, DOE spokesman Warren Zurn said.

ACOG has incorporated other energy-efficient measures in the new buildings,
Grant said, including low-energy lights and energy-efficient glass. And Georgia
Tech planners and DOE advisers did work with ACOG to design the venues, Miller
said.

DOE and Georgia Tech wanted to do more, but such high-tech proposals as a $ 6
million waste treatment facility for the Olympic Village ran out of time, Miller
said. The center would have zapped waste with electricity, reducing it to bricks
for use in construction.

Georgia Tech designed the conversion process, but because it is unconventional
and expensive, it was up to Tech to find funding for it outside ACOG's budget,
Miller said.

Yet the university is grateful for what has been done. "We've had our fair
share," Miller said.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              930 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                      June 4, 1995, Sunday, FINAL EDITION

Grit warns of 'huge financial disaster'

BYLINE: GORDON JAREMKO

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 570 words


Liberal leader says potential deal could cost $ 360 million

Albertans stand to lose $ 360 million, the respect of investors and possibly
jobs in the Conservative government's latest "huge financial fiasco," Liberal
Leader Grant Mitchell warned Saturday.

He demanded a full explanation --and justification -- before Premier Ralph Klein
goes farther on a rumored deal involving Swan Hills Waste Treatment Centre,
Bovar Inc., Vencap Equities Alberta Ltd. and Trimac Ltd.

Klein, on a weekly Calgary radio show, confirmed only that negotiations are
afoot. He said a deal for Bovar to take over the government's 40-per-cent share
of the Swan Hills hazardous-waste facility "could come together within the next
two or three weeks, or it could just as easily fall apart."

Mitchell, also in Calgary, made his demand following speculation in Edmonton
that the government is poised to pay a heavy price to shed its interests in the
unprofitable northern Alberta plant.

The interests, dating back to a mid-1980s deal with former premier Don Getty,
include a profit guarantee that has generated a provincial subsidy, as well as
minority government ownership.

Bovar, which has a majority 60-per-cent share in the plant, is said to be
refusing to accept full ownership and give up the subsidy without a sweetener in
return. The plum would be a 31-per-cent share in Vencap for Trimac as the
dominant, 47-per-cent owner of Bovar.

Mitchell said there is an obvious motive -- "political expediency" -- for the
government to knuckle under to Bovar and Trimac.

The Conservatives, pledged to shed provincial business interests, have made it
known they want to sell a debenture loan to Vencap.

The loan created Vencap as an investor in new, "venture-capital" companies.

Valued at $ 160 million on paper but only $ 135 million on financial markets,
the debenture can be converted into a 31-per-cent ownership shareholding in
Vencap.

The rumored deal calls for the government to pay Bovar-Trimac $ 160 million to
take over full ownership of the waste-treatment plant, then for the
Calgary-based firms to use the money to buy the Vencap debenture.

Mitchell said the deal makes sense only in a "bizarre," twisted political logic
of scoring image gains by simultaneously shedding the waste-treatment plant and
the involvement in Vencap without taking a loss on the debenture.

He said the true costs to Albertans would include $ 200 million paid in
subsidies to the plant since the mid-1980s, plus taxpayers' $ 160-million stake
in a healthy, productive investment house.

The deal would also send a negative message to the investment community by
showing that the Alberta government is prepared to interfere with markets for
political reasons.

Not least, the conversion of the debenture into Vencap stock would dilute the
value of shares already held in it by 13,000 private investors, Mitchell said.

He warned that the ripple effects of such a deal could reach Vencap investments,
which are a portfolio of companies with 10,000 Alberta employees.

He called on Klein and Provincial Treasurer Jim Dinning to release immediately
all documents and information on the intricate proposal.

Mitchell suggested the government also needs to clear up a "perception of a
potential conflict of interest," because prominent Calgary businessman John
(Bud) McCaig has in the past been a director of Vencap and Trimac.


LOAD-DATE: June 5, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1995 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              931 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                          THE JOURNAL (Newcastle, UK)

                        March 18, 2005, Friday Edition 1

Digester's green light

BYLINE: By The Journal

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. 40

LENGTH: 610 words


   After an intensive three-year development and testing programme,
North-East-based company Premier Waste Management has demonstrated an
environmentally-friendly solution to the UK's growing waste disposal problem.

The In-Vessel Aerobic Digester, situated at Thornley in County Durham, turns
biodegradable waste into a soil conditioner which can be used to landscape
building projects and even as compost on gardens and pasture land.

The process uses industry-leading technology to simulate and accelerate the
natural composting process converting bio-waste, such as paper, cardboard, food
remains and garden waste, into soil conditioner in six days.

The aerobic digester treats the waste in giant composting chambers and separates
off recyclable materials including plastics, glass and metals for further
processing.

Typical recovery rates are in excess of 65pc of 'municipal solid waste' leaving
a much reduced figure of inert material for disposal at landfill.

Dr Les Grant, chief executive of Premier Waste Management, said: "The process
has been rigorously tested and developed to produce a commercially viable,
highly efficient, low-cost method of treating mixed waste.

"Local authorities around the country are considering the use of this type of
aerobic digestion plant to assist in their efforts to reduce the amount of waste
that goes to landfill."

The UK faces a major challenge in reducing the amount of waste, especially
bio-waste, that it currently buries at landfill sites. The Government has set
tough targets for local authorities who have responded with a range of schemes
such as kerbside recycling collection in a bid to divert as much waste as
possible from disposal at landfill sites.

Dr Grant added: "Aerobic digestion technology is a safe, efficient and reliable
answer to the challenges faced by local authorities under the Government's
target and penalty-driven waste disposal regime.

"The consequences of failure to meet the landfill diversion targets and the
potential fiscal penalties are worrying, not just in terms of fines but also
escalating set up, operating and licensing costs of landfill sites and the
rapidly increasing landfill tax.

"With the introduction of kerbside recycling, the UK has gone some way to meet
the targets set by Government but it is clear that it will take a range of
initiatives to fulfil each local authority's responsibility. I would strongly
urge the region's waste disposal authorities to review the progress and
performance of Premier's aerobic digestion technology and to consider including
it in their waste strategies."

With the introduction of the Landfill Allowance Trading Scheme [LATS], each
waste disposal authority in England will be allocated a 'tradable' landfill
allowance for biodegradable municipal waste. Each authority will be able to
decide how to use this allowance, being able to trade allowances with other
authorities, save them for future years or use some of its future allowances in
advance.

Dr Grant added: "I believe that when reviewing the imminent LATS targets,
forward-thinking local authorities can clearly see the potential for substantial
financial benefits to be gained by the addition of an aerobic digester."

Premier's aerobic digester is also the first UK technology of its type to be
awarded full compliance with animal by-products legislation, effectively dealing
with catering and general food waste from both domestic and commercial sources.

Dr Grant said: "This is an extremely important development as legislation
effectively bans the disposal of catering and general food waste at landfill
sites by December 2005."

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2005 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd


                              932 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                          September 29, 2010 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Firm to begin converting its Vancouver trucks to CNG

BYLINE: Jeff Lee, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: BUSINESSBC; Pg. E3

LENGTH: 292  words

DATELINE: WHISTLER


Waste Management Inc. will begin conversion of its diesel trash-hauling fleet in
Vancouver later this year to compressed natural gas.

Earlier this week, North America's largest commercial waste company announced a
deal for Terasen Gas to supply fuel for 20 new CNG trucks the company will put
in operation by the end of 2010.

The companies made the deal public at the Union of B.C. Municipalities
convention, where Terasen is attempting to broaden its utility business with
municipal governments. Rob Sherman, Waste Management's B.C. director of
operations, said the company has 100 trucks in Metro Vancouver working on
commercial contracts with apartment buildings and businesses.

He said the company will eventually convert all of its fleet to CNG as the
trucks are replaced. Switching to natural gas will save the company 35-to-45 per
cent in fuel costs, but Sherman said it's also good for business.

"We're all about clean air. This is a huge investment for us because we have
clients that want to associate with us if we undertake these kinds of green
initiatives. It's a competitive differentiator for us."

Under the deal, Terasen gave Waste Management a grant from its Energy Efficiency
and Conservation Fund to help with the purchase of the trucks. Neither company
would reveal the size of the contribution, but Vito Triggiano, Terasen's manager
of natural gas vehicles sales, said it was enough to be an incentive for Waste
Management to begin the conversion.

Sherman said Waste Management already has 930 natural-gas trucks in its North
American fleet of more than 20,000 vehicles, and is aggressively moving to put
more in place as conventional diesel trucks are retired.

Twitter: @sunciviclee Blog: www.vancouversun.com/jefflee

jefflee@vancouversun.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              933 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                          September 29, 2010 Wednesday
                                Final C Edition

Firm to convert trucks to compressed natural gas

BYLINE: Jeff Lee, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: BUSINESSBC; Pg. E3

LENGTH: 292  words

DATELINE: WHISTLER


Waste Management Inc. will begin conversion of its diesel trash-hauling fleet in
Vancouver later this year to compressed natural gas.

Earlier this week, North America's largest commercial waste company announced a
deal for Terasen Gas to supply fuel for 20 new CNG trucks the company will put
in operation by the end of 2010.

The companies made the deal public at the Union of B.C. Municipalities
convention, where Terasen is attempting to broaden its utility business with
municipal governments. Rob Sherman, Waste Management's B.C. director of
operations, said the company has 100 trucks in Metro Vancouver working on
commercial contracts with apartment buildings and businesses.

He said the company will eventually convert all of its fleet to CNG as the
trucks are replaced. Switching to natural gas will save the company 35-to-45 per
cent in fuel costs, but Sherman said it's also good for business.

"We're all about clean air. This is a huge investment for us because we have
clients that want to associate with us if we undertake these kinds of green
initiatives. It's a competitive differentiator for us."

Under the deal, Terasen gave Waste Management a grant from its Energy Efficiency
and Conservation Fund to help with the purchase of the trucks. Neither company
would reveal the size of the contribution, but Vito Triggiano, Terasen's manager
of natural gas vehicles sales, said it was enough to be an incentive for Waste
Management to begin the conversion.

Sherman said Waste Management already has 930 natural-gas trucks in its North
American fleet of more than 20,000 vehicles, and is aggressively moving to put
more in place as conventional diesel trucks are retired.

Twitter: @sunciviclee Blog: www.vancouversun.com/jefflee

jefflee@vancouversun.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              934 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                  Wexford Echo

                                January 8, 2009

Wexford got EUR 1.4m for recycling in '08

LENGTH: 406 words


COUNTY WEXFORD received EUR 1.5m for recycling projects in 2008.

This was the third highest amount paid to any county by Environment, Heritage
and Local Government Minister John Gormley in his EUR 24m Recycling Initiatives
funding for local authorities last year.

Mr. Gormley highlighted the amount of funding made available to Local
Authorities in 2008 last week.

The money went towards bring banks, civic amenity sites, composting facilities
and materials recovery facilities in the county.

The Waste Management Infrastructure Capital Grants Scheme, which was launched in
2002 and under which over EUR 100m was allocated in grant assistance to local
authorities, closed to new applications in 2008. This scheme assisted in the
development of the current nationwide network of almost 2,000 bring banks and
more than 80 civic amenity sites. In order to facilitate the continuing
development of recycling facilities, a new grant scheme the Waste Recycling
Capital Grant Scheme was launched in July 2008. In recognition of the challenge
in meeting the Landfill Directive diversion targets, grant-aid of up to 85%is
available for projects designed to increase the biological treatment of waste an
increase of 10% compared to the maximum rate of 75% available for such projects
under the previous scheme.

"In early December I provided EUR 10 million in funding to assist local
authorities in meeting the operational costs associated with bring banks and
civic amenity facilities. Activity at these sites has increased steadily in
recent years and I would like to take this opportunity to thank the Irish public
for their endeavours in recycling and usage of these sites. Overall municipal
waste recovery rate is now more than 36%, compared with just 9% a decade ago,"
said Minister Gormley.

"In addition I have provided EUR 2m to Local Authoritie's in support of WEEE
operational costs. This is another area where we have made great strides:
11.4million pieces of WEEE have been collected since August 2005, in 2007 alone
6.7million items of WEEE were recycled and the target of 4kgs per person that
were set for 2008 have been doubled. What an achievement when you consider that
prior to the introduction most of this waste stream was simply dumped in
landfills. Again, I congratulate the public and industry for their efforts in
this area," added Minister Gormley.

John Browne, TD, welcomed the funding, saying it was a step forward for the
county.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              935 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                           November 3, 2011, Thursday

Authority able to pay back loan;
Revenue from recycled cardboard sales opens way for center roof repair

BYLINE: PAUL FALLON, DAILY MAIL STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P2A

LENGTH: 844 words


Rebounding prices for recycled cardboard should ensure the Kanawha County Solid
Waste Authority has enough revenue to pay back a $1.2 million loan to repair or
replace the aging building, the authority's director said.

The loan, which is the same amount as the center's annual budget, would also
include money meant to improve recycling efficiency. Board members will decide
by the end of the month whether to pursue the loan, said Norm Steenstra,
executive director of the solid waste authority.

Concerns about the structural integrity of the Slack Street Recycling Center
caused board members to consider shutting the facility down.

Board members opted to keep the building open and are now exploring a loan from
the West Virginia Solid Waste Management Board to pay for repairs.

The Kanawha County Solid Waste Authority operates on an annual budget of $1.2
million, Steenstra said. About 80 to 85 percent of the money is generated
through the sales of recyclables to companies, he said.

The agency also receives a portion of the tipping fees for material dumped into
the Charleston landfill, Steenstra said. The Solid Waste Authority receives 10
cents for every ton of garbage dumped into the landfill.

That equals about $120,000 per year, he said. The remaining money comes in the
form of state and federal grants.

The recyclable market has rebounded after "plummeting" in 2008 just prior to the
beginning of the recession, Steenstra said.

"We were selling recycled cardboard for about $150 a ton before the crash and
almost overnight it plummeted to $20 or $30 a ton," Steenstra said.

However, the price of recycled cardboard is close to the pre-2008 levels and is
now selling for about $110 a ton, he said.

The recycled material is sold to companies that break the material down to reuse
as cardboard, he said. The market for recycled cardboard is typically slow this
time of year, he said.

"It's slow right now because most of the cardboard needed for the holidays has
already been manufactured and shipped to the stores," he said.

The price of recycled cardboard dropped from $150 per ton in the summer of 2008
to $20 per ton that winter. It climbed to about $55 a ton in the summer of 2009.

The price continued to climb and was selling for about $80 a ton in December of
2009. It had reached $120 a ton by January of 2010.

The price of recycled materials is like any other commodity and is subject to
fluctuations, Steenstra said.

"We're at the mercy of the world market," he said.

Cardboard and paper make up the overwhelming majority of material sold by the
Solid Waste Authority, he said. The agency sells about five or six
tractor-trailer loads of recycled paper and cardboard a week.

Each truck holds about 20 to 25 tons of material apiece, Steenstra said. He was
unsure of the exact price of a ton of recycled scrap metal or plastic. The
agency does not sell much scrap metal, he said.

"Most people in the Kanawha Valley take their scrap metal and aluminum to
commercial recyclers and sell it to them," he said.

Steenstra said he and others with the Solid Waste Authority are surprised that
the recyclable market has stayed as strong as it has over the past few months.
He believes the agency's budget can sustain the $1.2 million loan it will need
to fix or replace the current facility.

The West Virginia Solid Waste Management Board provides loans to solid waste
authorities all over the state, said Mark Holstine, executive director of the
state agency. The loan system is funded by the state Legislature, he said.

A five-member board reviews applications from solid waste authorities seeking a
loan, Holstine said. The state board then sets the terms for the loan including
the interest rate and its length, he said.

Interest rates for the state loans typically run from 1 to 3 percent, he said.

"And the longest term we've approved was for 15 years," Holstine said.

Steenstra said the architects hired by the Solid Waste Authority will determine
whether or not the building can be fixed or if it needs to be replaced.

If they determine that it will need to be replaced, another structure will be
built at the facility's current site on Slack Street, he said.

"We don't have the money to move," Steenstra said.

The authority will vote over the weekend during a solid waste authority
conference in Glade Springs, Raleigh County, to advertise for engineering and
architectural services, Steenstra said.

The board will also seek bids on roof repairs for the facility, Steenstra said.
An earlier estimate on fixing the roof came in at $245,000, which was much lower
than previous estimates of $600,000 to $700,000. The recycling center is worth
about $400,000.

Engineers will look at ways to make the recycling process at the center more
efficient, he said.

CRAIG CUNNINGHAM/DAILY MAIL

The Kanawha County Solid Waste Authority might take out a $1.2 million state
loan to fix the roof of the Slack Street recycling center. The loan would also
be used to make the recycling process at the center more efficient.

Contact writer Paul Fallon at paul.fallon@dailymail.com or 304-348-4817.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Charleston Newspapers


                              936 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                             June 21, 2008 Saturday

Critics of Redwood landfil plan hit snag

BYLINE: Richard Halstead

SECTION: MARIN; Novato; News

LENGTH: 513 words


Opponents of a plan to extend the life and capacity of the Redwood Landfill in
Novato are attempting to appeal certification of an environmental impact report
to the Board of Supervisors, but they say they've been told they have no right
to appeal.

Under the plan evaluated in the environmental report, the landfill's owner,
Houston-based Waste Management Inc., would shift its emphasis from waste
disposal to recycling waste and would be granted a 6-million-cubic-yard boost in
its total capacity, to 25 million cubic yards.

The plan is controversial, however, because the landfill is surrounded on three
sides by the Petaluma River, San Antonio Creek and other wetlands that lead into
San Francisco Bay.

The Marin County Planning Commission deemed the environmental plan complete
after two grueling days of public hearings in May. Under state law, it was up to
the county's environmental health services director, Phil Smith, to certify the
plan, and he did on June 10.

No Wetland Landfill Expansion, an unincorporated association of residents from
Marin and Sonoma counties, is appealing the certification, citing 16
inadequacies in the plan. These include: failing to analyze the impact on
groundwater, failing to analyze cumulative greenhouse gas emission effects,
failing to adequately analyze the seismic stability of the landfill and failing
to consider a no-project alternative.

"State law mandates that when an unelected body certifies an EIR, that decision
may be appealed to that agency's elected decision-making body," said Bruce Baum,
one of the founders of the No Wetland group.

But Baum said county officials have told his organization it has no right to
appeal. Nancy Grisham, the county attorney assigned to the issue, could not be
reached for comment.

Regardless of what happens with the environmental impact report, Smith must
decide whether to grant the dump a new solid waste facilities permit. Smith
plans to hold at least one more public hearing before making that decision,
which in turn must be ratified by the state Integrated Waste Management Board.
If the Integrated Waste Management Board ratifies the permit, Baum said its
decision also would be appealable to a subset of the Board of Supervisors.

Supervisor Charles McGlashan said he isn't sure if his board could hear an
appeal on the certification of the environmental report, but confirmed that
several supervisors could review ratification of the permit.

"We're not allowed to hear it as an entire board," he said.

McGlashan said supervisors would most likely send the matter to an
administrative law judge. "The board is not going to put just a couple members
in that position," he said.

workshop set

A public workshop on the Redwood Landfill permit will be conducted by county
supervisors Judy Arnold and Susan Adams from 6:30 to 8 p.m. Tuesday in the Oaks
Room at the Best Western Novato Oaks Inn, 215 Alameda Del Prado, in Novato. No
final action will be taken on the permit at that workshop.

Read more Novato stories at the IJ's Novato section.

Contact Richard Halstead via e-mail at rhalstead@marinij.com

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2008 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                              937 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            July 13, 2016 Wednesday

Bishkek&#226;&#128;&#153;s waste collection fleet upgraded

LENGTH: 196 words

DATELINE: New York



 London: The city of Bishkek took delivery of 30 specialised trucks for waste
collection. Previously, the city had received over 5,000 waste containers.





 They were acquired for a project to modernise solid waste management and part
of a comprehensive environmental improvement programme for the Kyrgyz capital.
An official ceremony marked the handover of the specialised waste collection
trucks to the municipal solid waste company, Tazalyk.

 The event was attended by local government representatives, including Mayor of
Bishkek Albek Ibraimov, and also by EU Ambassador to the Kyrgyz Republic Cesare
de Montis, and EBRD Senior Banker Catarina Bjorlin Hansen. The EBRD-EU-supported
Bishkek solid waste project will help Tazalyk improve waste collection and
replace outdated equipment.



 It will also lead to the establishment of an urgently needed, sanitary landfill
and introduce a solid waste sorting line and waste minimisation measures in the
city. This is a project which combines an EU grant and an EBRD loan and is part
of a comprehensive environmental improvement programme. The project is being
implemented by the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD).

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              938 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            February 17, 2017 Friday

USPTO grants trade mark "GLOBAL WETLAND TECHNOLOGY" to GWT - GLOBAL WETLANDS
TECHNOLOGY an incorporated association conforming to "Association Loi 1901"
existing under the law of the French Republic.

LENGTH: 175 words

DATELINE: New York


Alexandria: GWT - GLOBAL WETLANDS TECHNOLOGY an incorporated association
conforming to "Association Loi 1901" existing under the law of the French
Republic., has been granted trademark (5139596) titled as "GLOBAL WETLAND
TECHNOLOGY" from the United States Patent and Trademark Office.



Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 037. US 100 103 106. G & S: Construction, namely construction of
artificial wet areas and construction of facilities for treatment of water and
solid waste; Information regarding construction, namely information on the
construction of artificial wet areas and construction of facilities for
treatment of water and solid waste; Advice on construction, namely advice on the
construction of facilities for treatment and purification of water, of solid
waste and other municipal infrastructures; Supervision and management of
construction work, namely supervision and management of construction work for
facilities for the treatment of water and solid waste

Filing Date: April 12, 2016

Date of registration: 14-02-2017

First Use in Commerce: N/A


LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              939 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                             April 7, 2011 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

URBAN AFFAIRS

BYLINE: Compiled from staff reports

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 565 words


CITY DELAYS VOTE ON RECYCLING CONTRACT

A vote on a long-term recycling contract - originally scheduled for today - will
take place April 21 instead, Solid Waste Services director Bob Gedert told the
City Council in a memo.

Gedert has urged the council to hire Balcones Resources over the other finalist,
Texas Disposal Systems , to process all of Austin's recyclables. He said that
unlike Texas Disposal Systems, Balcones has agreed to all the contract terms the
city wants, such as agreeing to match lower prices offered by Balcones to other
nearby cities in the future. Gedert also said Balcones' offer would cost the
city the least.

Texas Disposal Systems CEO Bob Gregory has accused city staffers of using
incorrect pricing models and exaggerating the revenue Austin would earn from
Balcones. But Gedert disputes that in the memo, saying his staff ran 18
different market scenarios to evaluate each firm's offer, and the "Balcones
proposal provides the lowest 'bottom line' program costs in all 18."

NEW SPOT FOR DISC GOLF COURSE

The Parks and Recreation Department plans to find a different spot to put a new
18-hole disc golf course, as first reported by KVUE-TV.

The department had planned to put it on 35 acres in Roy G. Guerrero Colorado
River Park , but neighborhood groups objected, saying there are large trees and
other sensitive environmental features on the site.

Neighbors have agreed to work with the Parks Department to find another parcel
within Guerrero Park for the course, said Park Development Coordinator Marty
Stump.

The department is also forming a committee to write criteria for future city to
consider when it designs and builds disc golf courses, Stump said. The city
doesn't plan to build more courses until that committee's work is done , likely
in several months, he said.

ENERGY EFFICIENCY GRANT MONEY

The City Council is scheduled to take a procedural vote Thursday that allows
Austin Energy to take in a $2.1 million federal stimulus grant to make
low-income homes more energy efficient. That means Austin Energy will have
secured about $8 million in stimulus grants to add insulation and other
energy-efficient measures to homes.

Last year, Austin Energy had secured a $2.9 million grant and, in order to
secure the next $2.9 million , had to spend $1 million of it by Aug. 31 . But
Austin Energy said a paperwork issue h eld things up. As the deadline
approached, Mike Gerber , executive director of the Texas Department of Housing
and Community Affairs, was concerned that Austin Energy might lose the grant.

Austin Energy found a way to spend the money. And now more is coming.

PROPERTY TAX QUESTIONS?

Those with questions about Travis County property taxes, exemptions, valuations
or the protest process may attend free town hall meetings with county officials
who might be able to provide answers. Chief Appraiser Patrick Brown and Tax
Assessor/Collector Nelda Wells Spears will be on hand at the property tax
meetings in the coming weeks.

The next meetings will take place 6:30 to 8 p.m. on the following days: today at
Jonestown Community Library , 18649 RM 1431 , Suite 10A , Jonestown; April 26 at
Windsor Park Branch library, 5833 Westminster Drive , Austin; May 5 at Ruiz
Branch library, 1600 Grove Blvd. , Austin; May 23 at Spicewood Springs Branch
library, 8637 Spicewood Springs Road , Austin; May 24 at Howson Branch library,
2500 Exposition Blvd. , Austin.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              940 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     July 3, 1999, Saturday, Metro Edition

Where You Live;
 Cobb's Bedminster plant lands another compost buyer ... Fayette schools win
grant for violence prevention program ... Open house is set for new post office
in Locust Grove

BYLINE: From staff reports

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Local News; Pg. 4G

LENGTH: 1339 words

METROSCOPE
Braves sponsor blood drive
The American Red Cross is teaming up with the Atlanta Braves to sponsor a blood
drive that continues today at several metro malls and shopping centers. Red
Cross officials said that while there is an immediate need for all donors, those
with blood types O and B are especially needed. Donors will receive a
commemorative Braves/Red Cross T-shirt and will have a chance to win one of five
pairs of tickets to sit in Ted Turner's box during a Braves game. The blood
drive will be held from noon to 7 p.m. today at Northlake, Southlake and
Perimeter malls and at Akers Mill Square and Gwinnett Mall Corners shopping
centers.

ATLANTA
ASO to perform in park
The Atlanta Symphony Orchestra will perform a free concert Sunday at Centennial
Olympic Park. The schedule for the park's Fourth of July celebration, from 2:30
p.m. to 10 p.m., includes performances by Southern Brass at 3 p.m. and the ASO
at 7:30 p.m. A fireworks display will cap the evening at 9:30.

CHEROKEE
In running for scholarship
Cherokee High School senior Jamie M.J. Stewart has been named a Samsung American
Legion Scholarship National finalist. He will compete against 96 other national
finalists for one of 10 $ 20,000 scholarships. A $ 5 million endowment by
Samsung provides these scholarships to descendants of wartime veterans.
Stewart's late grandfather, James Stewart Jr., was a veteran of World War II,
Korea and Vietnam. Stewart's parents are both Air Force veterans.

CLAYTON
Fire Department picks honorees
The County Commission will honor its firefighter and paramedic of the year for
1999 at a business meeting Tuesday. Lt. Jerry A. Russell, who has worked for the
county since 1983, is the firefighter. The paramedic, Charles I. Ison Jr., has
been with the county 15 years and became an EMT in 1985. They were nominated and
selected by members of the Fire Department.

COBB
Marietta mayor joins panel
Marietta Mayor Ansley Meaders this week became the first woman elected to the
Board of the Municipal Authority of Georgia. The nine-member authority pools
money from cities to lower electric rates.

Compost customer signs
Cobb County has lined up another buyer for the compost it produces at the old
Bedminster Cobb Corp. plant. County Commission Chairman Bill Byrne says R&M
Grading and Hauling has agreed to buy some of the 150 tons produced daily.  The
county took over the plant last month. Waste Management Inc. has committed to
buy county compost, too.

DEKALB
Memorial dedication Monday
U.S. Sen. Max Cleland will join the Lithonia Women's Club and the city of
Lithonia as they dedicate the new Lithonia Vietnam Veterans Memorial. The 8-
by-13 granite memorial will honor the three Lithonians who were killed in action
during the war. It will be dedicated at 5 p.m. Monday at William A. Kelly Park,
located at Main Street and Max Cleland Boulevard.

School board will meet
The County Board of Education will conduct a work session at 6 p.m. Tuesday at
the Freeman Administration Center, Building A, 3770 North Decatur Road, Decatur.
The purpose of the work session, which is open to the public, is to discuss
school-related matters and to review agenda items for the business meeting to be
held July 12.

FAYETTE
Anti-violence program funded
The county school system has received a $ 34,000 grant from the Georgia
Children's Trust Fund Commission to introduce Second Step, an anger management
and violence prevention program, into seven elementary schools this fall.
Matching funds will come from the Safe and Drug Free Account. The program will
be used at Fayetteville, Peachtree City, Kedron, Peeples, Brooks, Braelinn and
Tyrone elementaries.

Mayor OKs hiring designer
Peachtree City Mayor Bob Lenox has approved the expenditure of up to $ 7, 000 to
hire outside experts to draft a conceptual plan for a possible mixed- use
development at Ga. 54 and Walt Banks Road. Lenox said the plan is the necessary
next step to keep alive negotiations between the city, the landowners and
surrounding homeowners. The land has been the subject of numerous zoning and
court battles during the past 20 years.

FULTON
East Point parties today
East Point will celebrate the July Fourth weekend Sunday beginning at 4 p.m.
Festivities include games, rides, food and local entertainment, topped off with
the annual fireworks display at 9:30 p.m. The free event is in downtown East
Point, across from the MARTA station, between Main Street and East Point Avenue.
Children's activities will be held from 3 p.m. to 5 p.m. at Teens at Work, 16222
Ware Ave.

Alpharetta to salute holiday
The Alpharetta Recreation and Parks Department will host its annual July Fourth
fireworks celebration Monday at Wills Park behind the city swimming pool.
Fireworks begin at dark. Before the fireworks display, the Alpharetta City Band
and the Atlanta Concert Band will perform.

Boy competes on 'Jeopardy!'
A Mountain Park boy has been selected to compete in the first-ever " Jeopardy!"
Back to School Week for children ages 11 and 12. Zach Safford, 11, is one of 15
students who will go to California for the weeklong competition to be taped July
20. The shows will air the week of Sept. 6. Each daily winner will keep the
money he or she wins, with a minimum guarantee of $ 5, 000.

School violence program set
A school violence prevention conference will be 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Friday.
Sponsored by Scottish Rite Children's Health Care System, the conference
features panel discussions and lectures aimed at elementary school teachers,
counselors and administrators. The free conference includes lunch and will be
held at the hospital, at 1001 Johnson Ferry Road N.E. in Sandy Springs. Register
by Wednesday by calling 404-250-5437, Ext. 4.

GWINNETT
Anti-cigarette ad goes up
A billboard featuring animals with cigarettes poking out of their mouths and the
message "It looks just as stupid when you do it" is going up this week at Jimmy
Carter Boulevard and Oak Street. It's part of a nationwide campaign to curb
smoking among teenagers, said Andy Lord, tobacco prevention coordinator for the
state public health district serving Gwinnett. Two other anti-smoking billboards
are in the works for other locations in the county.

HALL
Children's agency begun
The newly organized Hall County Commission for Children and Families has begun
its efforts to plan and coordinate improvements in community services. Created
by the General Assembly, the commission is made up of representatives of the
county's schools, law enforcement agencies, courts, health and social service
agencies. Its goals include greater collaboration among member agencies and
increased funding for services to families and children.

HENRY
Post office unveiling July 11
A ribbon-cutting ceremony and open house have been scheduled for 1 p.m. July 11
at Locust Grove's new 6,500-square-foot post office. The post office, on Ga. 42
downtown, exemplifies the growth in Henry County's southernmost town. The new
building is five times bigger than the old one and has 80 parking spaces,
compared with 10 at the old facility.

ROCKDALE
Saturday classes scheduled
The Rockdale Center for Higher Education, an affiliate of Georgia Perimeter
College, will offer Saturday classes this fall. Two courses, English Composition
I and U.S. History II, can be taken on Saturdays beginning Aug. 28. New students
to the college must apply by July 16. Current Georgia Perimeter College students
may register by phone through Aug. 6. Information: 404-244-2400.

GEORGIA
Two new games launched
The Georgia Lottery this week introduced two new instant ticket games, "
Diamonds & 3s" and "Bonus Bucks." Overall odds of winning on the $ 1 " Diamonds
& 3s" scratch-off tickets are 1 in 4.65. Top prize is $ 10,000. Top prize for
the $ 2 "Bonus Bucks" game is $ 35,000, and overall odds of winning are 1 in
4.04, Georgia Lottery Corp. officials said.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              941 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            November 7, 2008 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Recyclers should band together; Regionalization best way to weather market
collapse, expert says

BYLINE: Hanneke Brooymans, The Edmonton Journal

SECTION: ALBERTA; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 492  words

DATELINE: EDMONTON


EDMONTON - Small towns should regionalize their recycling collection systems so
they're not so vulnerable to market swings, says the head of a recycling
association.

A global collapse in the market for certain recyclable materials has some
Alberta waste managers worried.

But communities could strengthen their positions if they banded together and
offered a better product, said Grant Cameron, executive director of the Alberta
Plastics Recycling Association.

As an example, Cameron said mixed plastic fetches 25 to 30 per cent of the price
it could get if it was sorted.

Many towns skip the sorting because it's expensive. But if they regionalized,
they could share sorting and transportation costs, Cameron said.

This could work for cardboard and paper, too, he said.

Markets for specific types of plastic remain strong and stable, while the market
for baled, mixed plastic, which is sold to Asia, comes and goes. Cameron expects
it could disappear once China finishes setting up its own recycling systems.

For Grande Prairie, the situation appears grim.

The markets for cardboard, paper and metals are more or less gone, said Uli
Wolf, manager of solid waste for Aquatera, which oversees recycling for the
city. "The markets for many recyclable products have vanished within weeks.
Cardboard markets, paper markets, metal markets are more or less gone,
currently. By the time you ship it out of locations like here, you actually see
a negative value of the material."

Wolf said they need to subsidize over and above the collection and processing
cost. In the future, he expects they'll have to subsidize the transportation and
the brokers that take the material.

Edmonton's situation is not so dire.

"In general, (the market) does fluctuate a lot," said Connie Boyce, with the
city's waste management branch. "I'm told we've seen lows like this before."

Edmonton has a company called Waste Management Inc. which markets the plastic,
paper and metal recycled by residents. The city keeps 75 per cent of the
revenue, while Waste Management keeps the rest. The collapse in recycling waste
markets appears to be global. Stockpiles of unwanted materials are building up
in some countries. Edmonton has also been stockpiling for the past month, but
for a different reason.

Boyce said the materials recycling facility was having new equipment installed
to increase capacity. In the meantime, materials were being baled and
stockpiled. Everything should be running again on Monday.

Edmonton does have some local markets for its recyclables. Mixed paper goes to a
company called EMCO, which mixes it with asphalt to make shingles.

Metal goes to AltaSteel.

Edmonton's waste-to-ethanol plant, to be ready by 2010, could help out in
situations like this, too. The plant will convert plastics for which markets
can't be found. But when market prices plunge, the plastics that normally get
shipped off could also be turned into fuel, Boyce said.

hbrooymans@thejournal.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Randy Vanderveen, Special to The Journal; Fred Lawrence, an employee at
Aquatera in Grande Prairie, moves glass tiles from one of the facility's shelves
to a customer's car. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              942 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            September 9, 2011 Friday

Spencer named interim director for WSWMD

BYLINE: By CHRIS GAROFOLO / Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 432 words


Friday September 9, 2011

BRATTLEBORO -- Robert Spencer recently assumed the role of interim executive
director for the Windham Solid Waste Management District since former head
George Murray accepted a new job elsewhere.

Spencer, an environmental planning consultant and Vernon's former representative
for the district, was asked by the district's supervisory committee to step into
the position on a short-term basis as they continue to search for a full-time
replacement for Murray.

After initially resigning as Vernon's WSWMD representative in March to join the
Windham Regional Commission in the same representative role, he is stepping into
the district's executive role. WSWMD's committee has already started the process
by advertising the vacancy.

As for Spencer, he had only one on-the-job training day with Murray before
taking the reins and assisting with the post-Irene flooding.

"I told them my approach would be steady as she goes, keep the programs running,
and as issues arise, this was prior to Irene, to deal with them," he said.
"We've done what we've had to do and we got a great staff."

Tropical Storm Irene devastated portions of southern Vermont on Aug. 28, leading
to the district spending extra hours on debris management and planning household
hazardous waste collection days.

"I have enjoyed the work, it has been very challenging, but I've been in similar
positions with different facilities before. I never had to deal with a major
disaster like this as a program manager," Spencer said.

Betty Frye, Guilford's WSWMD representative, said she is excited to continue her
working relationship with Spencer.

"He has proven himself when he was a supervisor representating Vernon," she
said. "He was my co-chair for our planning group and he was so wonderful to work
with."

WSWMD has 19 municipalities in southeastern Vermont and provides a comprehensive
system for managing solid waste, exempt hazardous waste, recyclable materials
and organic waste generated for its member towns.

The district is currently accepting applications for the position that oversees
its facilities and operations and manages full and part-time employees. The
executive director is responsible for financial budgets, planning and
monitoring, as well as representing WSWMD at federal and state meetings,
applying for grants and evaluating the effectiveness of programs.

Interested applicants can e-mail a resume and references to Lou Bruso, Jr.,
chairman of the Board of Supervisors at lbruso@gmail.com or send a hard copy to
Windham Solid Waste Management District, 327 Old Ferry Road, Brattleboro, VT
05301.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              943 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 14, 2011 Monday

County to implement food waste collection

BYLINE: Darrin Youker, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 433 words


Feb. 14--Berks County is set to debut a composting program aimed at keeping food
waste out of area landfills.

The program will encourage restaurants, businesses and schools to separate food
waste and keep it out of the trash.

The Berks County Solid Waste Authority has contracted with a waste-hauling
company to take the scraps to the Rodale Institute in Maxatawny Township, where
the material will be turned into compost.

"Anytime that we can take nutrients that can be used in farms rather than
filling up landfills (it) makes perfect sense," said Jeff Moyer, farm manager at
Rodale.

The solid waste authority expects to roll out the program following a meeting
Tuesday.

Through an $80,000 state grant, the authority will offer 400 free bins to
collect the food waste, said Jane Meeks, authority director. Cougle's Recycling
of Tilden Township will provide pickup service, she said.

There will be a fee for the weekly pickup service, but the amount has not been
determined, Meeks said. That fee, however, likely will be cheaper than a hauling
fee to a landfill, she said.

"There is a definite cost advantage to doing it," she said.

While the authority can provide 400 free bins, the program can exceed that
number of customers. Ultimately, the solid waste authority hopes to transfer the
program to a private hauler when the grant money expires.

"We hope a private company will take this and run with it," Meeks said.

Restaurants, supermarkets and schools produce a large amount of food waste that
could be diverted from landfills, but the appropriate infrastructure to collect
and haul the waste has been lacking.

"It is valuable material that does not need to go into a landfill," Meeks said.

Redner's Warehouse Markets attempted a similar effort at its Schuylkill Haven
store, but ran into problems with finding haulers to consistently pick up the
material, said Eric White, company spokesman. So Redner's is interested in
learning more about how the waste authority's program will operate.

Industry estimates have suggested that 60 percent to 80 percent of materials
that supermarkets throw away can be composted, White said.

"It could be beneficial for the environment, but also helpful from an
operational standpoint," he said.

Contact Darrin Youker: 610-371-5032 or dyouker@readingeagle.com

To see more of the Reading Eagle, or to subscribe, go to
http://www.readingeagle.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Reading Eagle, Pa. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the
content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110214-RE-County-to-implement-food-waste-collection-0214-20110214

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2011 Reading Eagle


                              944 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                           February 28, 2015 Saturday

Waste disposal resumes

LENGTH: 294 words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, Feb. 28 -- The stalled garbage disposal works in Kathmandu
Metropolitan City (KMC) resumed on Friday following an agreement between the
locals of Sisdole landfill site and KMC authorities.

The meetings held to resolve the issues raised by the agitating side demanding
increment in development grants to Sisdole from existing Rs 10 million to Rs 20
million concluded positively, thus removing the obstruction in garbage disposal
since Monday, KMC officials said.

Rabin Man Shrestha, chief of Environment Division at KMC, said both parties
agreed to work towards implementing the 17-point demand put forward by the
Sisdole locals.

KMC generates around 500 metric tonnes waste per day, of which over 60 percent
is degradable.

"The protests is not a new thing in Sisdole. Every year, the locals halt the
transport of solid waste at the dump yard, accusing the authorities of failing
to implement the past agreements," Shrestha said. "We need to come up with some
effective and long-term solutions to properly manage the growing solid waste
management crisis in urban areas including Kathmandu Valley."

Last month, the Ministry of Federal Affairs and Local Development had issued a
circular, instructing the newly declared 16 municipalities inside Kathmandu
Valley to adopt zero landfill site concept in their areas and to encourage
involvement of private bodies to manage the solid waste. The move is an effort
to promote the concept of zero waste, which refers to waste management both at
household and commercial levels through reduce, reuse and recycle process.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from EKantipur.com. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              945 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                 Central Asian News Service (English language)

                            March 15, 2017 Wednesday

Parliament ratifies agreement on EBRD's allocation of funds for improvement of
solid waste management in Osh

LENGTH: 83  words


The agreement on EBRD's allocation of 10,095,000 euros for improvement of the
domestic solid waste management in the city of Osh has been ratified today at
the session of the Parliament of Kyrgyzstan.

Five million euros of the allocated funds are loans, 5 million euros -- grant
from the Investment Facility for Central Asia (IFCA), 950,000 euros -- grant
from the technical assistance grant from the EBRD for implementation of the
project in accordance with the loan agreement.

The loans of the EBRD are

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 894


                            Copyright 2017 AKIpress
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              946 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                         Glasgow Daily Times (Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 29, 2016 Friday

BRIEF: Grant funds released for illegal dumping cleanup

BYLINE: Glasgow Daily Times, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 229 words


Jan. 29--About $1.75 million in grant funding has been allotted to cleanup 139
illegal dumping sites in the state, including locations in Metcalfe and Hart
counties.

Kentucky Energy and Environment Secretary Charles Snavely announced Friday that
26 counties will receive grant money through the Kentucky Pride Fund.

"Illegal dumping is a problem that raises significant concerns with regard to
safety, property values and quality of life in our communities," Snavely stated
in a news release.

"It is an economic burden on local government that is typically responsible for
cleaning up dump sites."

Metcalfe, Hart, Warren and Cumberland counties are among the 26 counties that
will garner grant funding. The counties must provide a 25 percent match for the
remediation grants.

But the Energy and Environment Cabinet may waive the match on any individual
illegal open dump site that costs more than $50,000 to remediate, according to
the news release.

The Kentucky Pride Fund is administered through the Division of Waste
Management. The funding, according to the news release, comes through the $1.75
remediation fee charged per ton of garbage that is disposed at Kentucky
municipal solid waste disposal facilities.

___ (c)2016 the Glasgow Daily Times (Glasgow, Ky.) Visit the Glasgow Daily Times
(Glasgow, Ky.) at www.glasgowdailytimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160129-GK-BRF-Grant
-funds-released-for-illegal-dumping-cleanup-0129-20160129

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GK


                       Copyright 2016 Glasgow Daily Times


                              947 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

               November 19, 2003 Wednesday NORTH SUBURBAN EDITION

MAHTOMEDI, SANITATION FIRM CLOSE DEAL ON LANDFILL; SCHOOL BOARD TO VOTE ON
70-ACRE SITE

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 199 words


The Mahtomedi school district has reached an agreement with Waste Management
Inc. to purchase the old Bellaire sanitation site in Grant for $1.3 million.

The 70-acre old landfill site, next to Mahtomedi High School, will be used for
soccer and ball fields, and possibly a future school site. Superintendent Mark
Wolak said the school district needs more fields so it can continue to provide
athletic facilities for surrounding communities.

Voters approved a bond referendum in November 2001 to support the land purchase.
The Mahtomedi School Board will have a special meeting Thursday to decide
whether the district should purchase the site.

"Waste Management has been helpful in doing their part to keep the cost down for
the school district," Wolak said.

"It's been a win-win situation for the district. We've been able to purchase
land at a good price that's contiguous to our current property."

The two parties have been negotiating for more than a year. According to the
purchase agreement, Waste Management must seal off a well and demolish and
remove an existing house, maintenance garage, scale, scale house and debris
before the sale is complete.

--Megan Bolt

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2003 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              948 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              Herald (Goa) (India)

                           December 31, 2016 Saturday

Cabinet transfers powers to waste management corp

LENGTH: 566 words

DATELINE: PANJIM


PANJIM, Dec. 31 -- in the last cabinet meeting of the year, the State Cabinet
gave powers to the Goa Waste Management Corporation (GWMC) to be the sole and
ultimate decision-making body to resolve problems arising out of solid waste
management.

The State Cabinet on Friday granted its approval to transfer duties and powers
of the High Level Task Force and Monitoring cum Working Committee on Solid Waste
Management to the Corporation, which was set up three months ago.

"The cabinet has decided to dissolve the high-level task force constituted by
the government and monitoring cum working committee on solid waste management
formed by the Department of Science and Technology," Chief Minister Laxmikant
Parsekar said after the cabinet meeting.

He said that the government set up the GWMC to ensure and secure the
establishment and orderly development of facilities such as management of solid
waste and other waste in the State, with a special focus on the coastal belts,
rural areas and any other area, to assist in the organisation and scientific
management of such facilities.

"Hence, we confer all the rights of the two committees to the Corporation. The
powers, rules and responsibilities of these two committees are now transferred
to the Corporation," Parsekar added.

In another decision, the Council approved signing of a tri-partite agreement
between the State Government, Government of India and the Reserve Bank of India
(RBI) for the safeguard of payment for the supply of power by CPSUs power plant
and authorise RBI to address the payment directly from the Central plan
assistance or shares of central taxes, loan and grants due to Goa in case of
defaulting payment cover supply of power, beyond the stipulated period. "The
decision is basically for the smooth flow of power and payments," Parsekar
explained.

The Cabinet also accorded its approval to the draft agreement to be executed by
the State government and Steelpa Tech Pvt Ltd to whom the contract for supply,
installation and commissioning of 150 data processor based automatic milk
collection units to 150 village level dairy co-operative societies.

"In the first phase, we have asked them to provide the service in 28 villages
each in Sattari and Ponda," the Chief Minister said.

The Council of Ministers also resolved to accord approval to annual increment
and monetary benefits to be granted to all the co-terminus staff appointed in
the office of Chief Minister, Deputy Chief Minister, Leader of Opposition,
Advocate General, by computing the number of years of continuous service
rendered by them in their respective posts and by nationally fixing their pay
from April 1, 2001 or from the original date of appointment.

"The benefit would be extended subject to the condition that the employees,
shall submit an undertaking stating that they shall not claim for regularisation
and seniority in any government department," Parsekar said.

The Chief Minister said that the cabinet has decided to hike the professional
fees of government counsels before district courts, sub-ordinate courts and
quasi-judicial authorities. The cap of Rs 8000 will now be increased to Rs
30,000 and for quasi judicial council from Rs 5000 to Rs 15,000.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Herald Goa. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Herald Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              949 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 4, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Manchin and Capito Announce More Than $12 Million in Funding from
U.S. Department of Agriculture

LENGTH: 384  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Joe Manchin has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators  Joe Manchin (D-WV) and Shelley Moore Capito (R-WV) today
announced loans and grants for five projects in West Virginia to develop water
and wastewater infrastructure. The funds have been awarded by the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA) and will provide rural communities with the
resources necessary to improve or repair their water and wastewater systems.





 USDA has awarded $12,246,000 to four West Virginia communities for projects in
the Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program. This program provides
crucial funding for projects that promote clean drinking water systems, sanitary
sewage and solid waste disposal, and storm water drainage to households and
businesses.



 Additionally, a $500,000 grant has been awarded to the Mingo County Public
Service District for the Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant (ECWAG)
program, which assists in the preparation or recovery process for emergencies
threatening the availability of safe and reliable drinking water.



 &ldquo;It is important to invest in infrastructure projects like these that
make sure our communities are connected to the basic necessities of life, like
water,&rdquo; Senator Manchin said. &ldquo;All West Virginians deserve access to
clean and safe water, and this funding will improve our water systems to ensure
the health and safety of our residents. This project will also help boost
economic development, protect tourism activities in these regions and improve
the prosperity of our families, businesses and communities. I will continue to
work to make these commonsense infrastructure investments a reality.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;It is essential that every West Virginian have access to clean water.
This funding will not only assist rural communities throughout the state in
repairing and establishing safer and more reliable water and waste systems, but
it will also help solidify local economies,&rdquo; said Senator Capito. &ldquo;I
am pleased to join Senator Manchin in announcing this important funding that
will help to strengthen our communities and keep our residents healthy.&rdquo;



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              950 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            October 11, 2013 Friday

Bosnia: (R) Second Solid Waste Management Additional Financing

LENGTH: 83  words


SECTOR: Water Supply and Sanitation
Donner : Ministry of Environment and Tourism
Country : Bosnia and Herzegovina
(R) Second Solid Waste Management Additional Financing.
The objective is to improve the availability, quality, environmental soundness,
and financial viability of solid waste management services in participating
utilities/regions.First Grant Funding Request Approval scheduled for 30
September 2013.Environmental Assessment Category B. US$ 6.0 (F7U4).

country :Bosnia and Herzegovina
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2013 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              951 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                                August 19, 1997

New anti-litterbug law likely next year

BYLINE: By A. Hafiz Yatim

SECTION: National; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 377 words

DATELINE: Malacca


MALACCA, Mon. - The proposed law on solid waste management which
incorporates punishment for litterbugs to do compulsory community service
is expected to be implemented next year, Housing and Local Government
Minister Datuk Dr Ting Chew Peh said today.

He said the Solid Waste Management Bill was being drafted by the
Economic Planning Unit and the ministry. The ministry is also getting the
required views from the four consortiums dealing with the privatisation of
solid waste management.

"After this, it will be brought to the Cabinet for approval and later
introduced in Parliament. The ministry is confident that the Bill will be
passed and will be fully implemented by next year."

Ting said this after handing over a Federal Government grant amounting
to RM1.71 million to the three local councils of Alor Gajah, Jasin and
Melaka Tengah.

Also present were State Housing and Local Government Committee chairman
Datuk Mo'min Abdul Aziz and State Health, Manpower and Consumer Affairs
Committee chairman Datuk Wira Gan Boon Leong.

Ting said the existing laws fining offenders up to RM1,000 may not deter
them and they might continue dumping their rubbish in the early hours of
the morning.

Ting said punishing the offenders to do community service had been very
successful in a neighbouring country and this was why the Government
decided to implement it here.

"The offender may be required to wear a uniform and pick up the rubbish
in public. It is hoped that this public humiliation will be a better
deterrent for the people."

Commenting on the progress of a nationwide move to punish litterbugs
after criticism voiced by Prime Minister Datuk Seri Dr Mahathir Mohamad on
Aug 3, Ting said people were more aware of the need to throw rubbish in
bins.

"However, that should not be the case as the people should not only
react after the criticisms made by Dr Mahathir."

The Minister said the cleanliness campaign should not be treated as a
fad or a trend like the Malay proverb hangat-hangat tahi ayam. Some form
of mechanism would be set up by the ministry to continue with the
programme, Ting said.

Cleanliness, he said should be made a culture of all Malaysians and it
must be the responsibility of all.


LOAD-DATE: March 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 1997 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              952 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                          September 17, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Schools

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 503 words


AUSTIN

YOUTH FITNESS GROUP EXPANDS

Youth InterACTIVE, an Austin-based nonprofit organization dedicated to
encouraging young people to lead active lives has received a $275,000 donation
from Waste Management Inc. disposal company.

The youth group will use the money to expand its Active Life initiative to
Central Texas elementary, middle and high school students and their families and
to support the group's expansion into Dallas, Fort Worth, Houston, San Antonio
and the Rio Grande Valley.

The group will give some Austin and Manor elementary schools active gaming
equipment, including Nintendo Wii and Wii Fit; support best-in-class physical
education teachers; and hold a free communitywide fitness festival in the
spring.

Reagan students forum-bound

Three Reagan High School students will be part of a delegation attending the 100
Best Communities for Young People National Forum on Monday and Tuesday in
Washington. District officials said Reina Holmes, Myshelle Perkins and Chris
Conway were chosen "because of their superior academic standing and their roles
as student leaders in a Reagan after school program."

The forum, sponsored by Colin and Alma Powell and their America's Promise
Alliance , celebrates communities that won the "100 Best Communities for Young
People" award. St. John's Community was named a winner in the competition this
year.

The alliance pays travel expenses; Travis County and local philanthropist and
former Dallas Cowboy Thomas "Hollywood" Henderson also donated money for the
trip.

"As a product of AISD myself, I know how important educational exposure is,"
Henderson said in a statement. "I still find it an obligation to help the youth
in our community."

CENTRAL TEXAS

Grants made for education

Twenty-one school districts and other organizations will receive Texas Parks and
Wildlife Department grants to finance efforts to get children and families
outdoors.

Grant recipients include Austin's Kealing Middle School outdoor education; a
Texas Assessment of Knowledge and Skills-aligned day camp program for students
and their families; Big Brothers Big Sisters of North Texas' outdoor mentoring
programs; the Boys & Girls Club of the Capital Area's Bedichek Middle School
after-school program; Lifechangers Inc.'s eighth- and ninth-grade environmental
education program; and Pflugerville's Westview Middle School student and family
day camp program.

Engineering majors reach out

The Austin Children's Museum is hosting a new engineering education program on
Saturday mornings. University of Texas engineering students will present a
program that aims to spark children's and families' interest in engineering as
something that affects their everyday lives.

"This program is a flagship for our new mission to equip and inspire the next
generation of creative problem solvers," said Becky Jones , the museum's
director of education . The first program will be from 10 a.m. to noon Saturday
at the museum, 201 Colorado St. Visit www.austinkids.org for more information.

Compiled from staff reports

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              953 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Lancaster New Era (Pennsylvania)

                           September 19, 2008 Friday

Key Land Deal For Nw River Trail

BYLINE: Ad Crable

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 509  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


The long-envisioned Northwest River Trail along the Susquehanna from Columbia to
the Dauphin County line now has its northern gateway.

Saying it wants to be a "good neighbor," the Lancaster County Solid Waste
Management Authority today agreed to pay $175,000 for a 13-acre, riverfront
property that has been eyed as a trailhead.

The Conoy Township tract is adjacent to the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat
Commission's Falmouth access public boat launch, which has encountered parking
problems in the past.

The expanded parking area would provide ample space for hikers, fishers and
boaters using the proposed 14-mile river trail. Riverfront picnicking, public
restrooms and food and beverage service are being explored.

The land also includes the former Fisherman's Wharf Bait Shop. No plans have
been announced for it.

Conoy Township, which already has converted parts of the old Pennsylvania Canal
mule towpath into a river trail, has sought to buy the property from Daniel
Burkett for several years but hasn't been able to acquire enough grant money.

The waste authority, which owns the county waste-to-energy incinerator in the
township, is stepping in to assure the land becomes publicly owned. When Conoy
officials obtain additional grant money they are expecting, they will reimburse
the authority for much of the purchase price. The authority said it will absorb
the difference.

"This action is part of our continued support in working with Conoy Township on
recreational opportunities - especially related to the development of this
trail," James Warner, the authority's executive director, said after the board's
vote today.

This is not the first time the waste authority has helped the Northwest River
Trail on its way to reality.

In 2006, the authority bought 2.3 miles of the Pennsylvania Canal right of way
that runs behind the incinerator. The authority paid Conoy Township Supervisor
Stephen Mohr $230,000 for 20.6 acres.

Authority officials at the time said they would hold onto the land until the
public trail is built.

And the authority is paying consultants to look into building a platform trail
crossing under the Shocks Mill Bridge - one of the main obstacles to a
continuous trail.

The 14-mile Northwest River Trail is being groomed as an eco-tourism
destination. The Lancaster-York Heritage Region hopes the trail and other
natural, historic and cultural features will revitalize riverfront towns in the
two counties. Almost all of the proposed trail is publicly owned.

Columbia Borough recently received a $325,000 state grant to improve its
Riverfront Park as a southern trailhead for the river trail.

The purchase of the Burkett property "basically completes the package," said
Mohr.

The Fish and Boat Commission is expected to give Conoy Township money toward the
purchase. So is the state, which has already given the township $55,000.

The property runs on either side of the canal park property the township already
owns. Riverfront property will give visitors a place to fish from shore.
Shoreline access has been denied in the past, Mohr said.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              954 of 995 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright (c) 1996 Albany Law Journal of Science &
                                   Technology
                   Albany Law Journal of Science & Technology

                                      1996

                          7 Alb. L.J. Sci. & Tech. 69

LENGTH: 15420 words

SYMPOSIUM: The 25th Anniversary of the New York State Department of
Environmental Conservation: Past and Future Challenges and Directions: KEY
EVENTS OF THE NEW YORK STATE SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT PROGRAM: 1970-1995

NAME: By Norman H. Nosenchuck  n1

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... Amendments to the state's Part 360 regulations in 1985 were an
acknowledgment that there was a need to separate the hazardous waste regulatory
provisions into a separate set of regulations.  ... Integrated solid waste
management systems proposed in LSWMP Local Solid Waste Management Plans were
implemented; new recycling and disposal facilities were brought on-line in
response to the LILL Long Island Landfill Law and to meet capacity needs in
other areas of the State; use of out-of-State landfill capacity increased;
recycling markets blossomed; and the DEC, through its Landfill Closure Consent
Order Policy, facilitated disposal at consolidation landfills while planning
units developed and implemented plans to provide for additional environmentally
sound capacity.  ... Those planning units reported that if federal legislation
is not enacted to restore flow control authority, their integrated solid waste
management systems will unravel; many waste reduction and recycling programs
will be curtailed or eliminated; significant delays may be experienced in
developing landfill capacity; and planning units with flow control authority,
especially smaller ones, will face a struggle to meet their solid waste
expenses.

TEXT:
 [*69]

   I. Solid Waste Mangement Program

   A. Pre-1970

 In 1962, the State Public Health Council enacted regulations, effective January
1, 1963, for the control of refuse disposal.  n2 Incorporated as Part 19 of the
New York State Department of Health (DOH) State Sanitary Code, these three pages
of regulations required that refuse disposal operations be conducted as
"sanitary landfills" and that municipal incinerators be operated so as to meet
air pollution standards.  n3 In 1963, there were known to be at least 1600
active refuse disposal areas/dumpsites throughout the state.

   Most of these landfills/dumpsites were originally improperly sited,
improperly constructed, and improperly operated. The majority of these
landfills/dumpsites became candidates for some type of remediation. The problem
was most acute for the landfills/dumpsites which overlied significant
groundwater resources. The most concentrated problems occurred in the sole
source aquifer of Long Island - where approximately three million people depend
upon groundwater as their primary water supply.  n4 Smaller upstate
landfills/dumpsites, where an additional three million  [*70]  people also
depend on groundwater as their primary water supply, were responsible for
environmental damage ranging from contaminating residential wells to destroying
productive trout streams.  n5

   In 1966, the State expanded its efforts in the solid waste management field
by authorizing 100% reimbursement for county and comprehensive regional solid
waste planning.  n6 In 1970, further financial aid was extended for up to 50% of
municipal costs in planning for the construction or improvement of solid waste
management facilities.  n7 The total number of refuse disposal areas declined to
about 900 statewide.

   B. 1970's: Laying the Foundation for Solid Waste Management DEC Established
7/1/70

 On July 1, 1970, the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation
(DEC) was established to consolidate responsibility for environmental protection
and management functions which had been scattered throughout other state
agencies.  n8 The Department was given broad powers to improve the quality of
life through conservation, improvement, and protection of the state's natural
resources and environment including "planning for collection, treatment, and
disposal of refuse," which previously had been the responsibility of the DOH.
n9

   1972 Environmental Quality Bond Act

 In 1972, the state's assistance for solid waste management activities was
dramatically expanded through passage by the voters of the 1972 $ 1.15 billion
Environmental Quality Bond Act (EQBA).  n10 Included in this Act was $ 175
million for solid waste management projects  n11 and $ 100 million for upgrading
municipal incinerators, furnaces and boilers.  n12 The Act authorized state
grants up to 50% of the cost of resource recovery projects, up to 25% of the
cost of equipment for environmentally sound disposal  [*71]  projects,  n13 and
up to 50% of the cost of upgrading incinerators to meet air quality standards.
n14

   Enactment of New York Environmental Conservation Law 27-0703

 The enactment in 1973 of Article 27, Title 7 of the Environmental Conservation
Law ("ECL"),  n15 "Solid Waste Management and Resource Recovery Facilities",
reflected the New York State Legislature's determination: "to assure that solid
waste management is conducted in a safe, sanitary, efficient, economic and
environmentally sound manner throughout the state by providing a unified
regulatory framework therefore."  n16

   This legislation authorized the New York State Department of Environmental
Conservation to: "adopt and promulgate, amend and repeal rules and regulations
governing the operation of solid waste management facilities."  n17 Article 27,
Title 7, required that a new solid waste management facility could not operate
until the Department issued a permit.  n18

   1976 Enactment of Resource Conservation and Recovery Act

 On the federal level, growing awareness of the need to address national solid
waste problems led Congress to enact the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act
in 1976 ("RCRA").  n19 RCRA of 1976, as amended, is the primary federal statute
governing the regulation of solid and hazardous waste. It completely replaced
the Solid Waste Disposal Act of 1965  n20 and supplemented the Resource Recovery
Act of 1970.  n21 RCRA itself was amended substantially by the Hazardous and
Solid Waste Amendments of 1984 ("HSWA").  n22 The principal objectives of RCRA,
as amended, are to:

    [*72]

 Promote the protection of human health and the environment from potential
adverse effects of improper solid and hazardous waste management;

   Conserve material and energy resources through waste recycling and recovery;

   Reduce or eliminate the generation of hazardous waste as expeditiously as
possible.  n23



    The hazardous waste portion of RCRA is under Subchapter III (Subtitle C).
n24 The solid, nonhazardous waste portion of RCRA, including municipal solid
waste ("MSW"), is under Subchapter IV (Subtitle D).  n25

   A major focus of Subtitle D of RCRA is to encourage the development of state
solid waste management plans and to foster intergovernmental (federal, state,
and local) and public/private cooperation.  n26 Another major focus of Subtitle
D is the improvement of landfills.  n27 The United States Environmental
Protection Agency ("EPA") was authorized to promulgate regulations containing
criteria to classify types of sanitary landfills,  n28 to facilitate the closing
or upgrading of existing open dumps,  n29 and to provide assistance for these
activities to rural communities.  n30 HSWA directed EPA to survey solid waste
management facilities across the nation and to evaluate whether current
guidelines and standards are adequate to protect human health and the
environment as well as to revise the landfill guidelines.  n31

   1977 Part 360 Regulations

 DEC established the Division of Solid Waste Management, predecessor of the
Division of Solid Waste, in the mid-1970's.  n32 The enactment of the state's
ECL 27-0703 in conjunction with federal guidance, given via RCRA, led to the
DEC's development of a  [*73]  more detailed set of state regulations relating
to the permitting requirements for solid waste management facilities in 1977.
n33

   The 1977 Part 360 regulations for Solid Waste Management Facilities ("Part
360"), went into effect on August 28, 1977.  n34 These regulations contained
specific criteria for solid waste management facilities to comply with in order
to attain permits to both construct and operate a solid waste management
facility. They included requirements for engineering plans and specifications.
n35 These 1977 regulations also emphasized facility operational requirements
which minimized impacts to groundwater and surface water, including facility
operator criteria, siting restrictions to protect agricultural lands, and
minimum design requirements for secure land burial facilities.  n36

   The 1977 Part 360 regulations also contained hazardous waste regulatory
provisions.  n37 In 1978, the State Industrial Hazardous Waste Management Act
was enacted.  n38 This Act required DEC to regulate hazardous waste from
generation to disposal consistent with RCRA.  n39 The Division of Solid Waste
was given this additional hazardous waste regulatory activity.  n40

   Love Canal

 The incidence of Love Canal in 1978 heightened the awareness of New York State
residents to the importance of safe solid and hazardous waste management.  n41
Approximately 21,800 tons of chemical waste were buried in the Love Canal,
located in Niagara Falls, New York, between 1942 and 1953 by the Hooker Electro
Chemical Company.  n42 The landfill went relatively unnoticed until the late
1970's when unusually heavy rains and snowmelt pushed the buried chemicals to
the surface  n43 and initiated what was to  [*74]  become a major human and
environmental calamity. Approximately 500 homeowners were relocated from a
residential area surrounding the canal. Many properties were purchased by the
state.  n44

   In the latter part of 1978, the City of Niagara Falls started construction of
a barrier drain system to completely surround the site.  n45 In January 1979,
the DEC Division of Solid Waste became responsible for completing this
construction work and the design, construction, and operation of an on-site
leachate treatment plant.  n46

   In 1979, DEC placed a three-foot clay cap on the 16-acre dumpsite. The
barrier drain system intercepted leachate coming directly from the landfill. It
also pulled back groundwater moving away from the immediate Canal area. Leachate
is collected and treated in the on-site plant and discharged to the Niagara
Falls sewage system.  n47

   In 1983, a 40-acre dirt cap and synthetic cover were placed over the site to
reduce the amount of precipitation infiltrating the Canal. The new cap,
completed in 1984, greatly improved the protection offered by the original clay
cap.  n48

   Federal Open Dump Inventory

 In 1979, EPA promulgated 40 CFR Part 257, "Criteria for Classification of Solid
Waste Disposal Facilities and Practices," which established minimum performance
standards for solid waste dis [*75]  posal facilities.  n49 A solid waste
disposal facility meeting these criteria was classified as a "sanitary
landfill."  n50 A facility that did not meet the criteria was classified as an
"open dump."  n51 All states which voluntarily participated were required to
develop plans for closing or upgrading all existing open dumps within their
state to sanitary landfills. Facility evaluations, leading to publication of the
Open Dump Inventory in 1982, were conducted by state agencies, including the New
York State DEC, as part of their effort to develop and implement state solid
waste management plans in accordance with RCRA.  n52

   C. 1980's: Refining Solid Waste Management 1983 Renaming of Division of Solid
Waste

 In 1983, the Division of Solid Waste was renamed the Division of Solid and
Hazardous Waste.  n53 The purpose of this renaming was to identify to the
regulated community and the general public, that in addition to solid waste
programs, programs for the regulation of hazardous waste were also administered
by this Division. Division functions included: investigating and identifying
possible inactive hazardous waste sites; remedial work at sites; permitting and
regulating hazardous waste generators and transporters along with permitting
hazardous waste treatment; storage and disposal facilities.  n54 Amendments to
the state's Part 360 regulations in 1985 were an acknowledgment that there was a
need to separate the hazardous waste regulatory provisions into a separate set
of regulations.  n55

   Efforts to Preserve & Protect the State's Groundwater Resources

 In the early 1980s, DEC expanded its efforts towards the preservation and
protection of the state's groundwater resources. In 1983, the passage of the
Long Island Landfill Law ("LILL") required closure of landfills located over the
sensitive "deep-flow recharge zones" for the Magothy and Lloyds aquifers, which
are  [*76]  the confined drinking water supply aquifers for Long Island's Nassau
and Suffolk Counties.  n56 The law stipulated that, by 1990, only
rigorously-engineered landfills would be allowed to operate in the shallow
recharge zones.  n57 Furthermore, these landfills would be allowed only to
accept materials that were the by-product of waste-to-energy, incineration, or
composting facilities. It could also accept "downtime" waste or waste that could
not be treated at waste-to-energy facilities.  n58 In addition, the law
prohibited constructing new landfills and expanding existing landfills in the
deep-flow recharge zones, except under certain limited circumstances.  n59

   Additional protection of New York State's groundwater resources was promoted
through DEC's 1986 landfills and sensitive aquifers policy. This policy was
specifically sanctioned by the Upstate Groundwater Management Plan which made
recommendations for prohibited land uses over sensitive aquifers throughout the
state.  n60 This 1986 policy, which allowed for the grandfathering of certain
existing compliant landfill operations over principal aquifers, established a
statewide approach to ensure that no new landfill development projects would
commence on these critical drinking water resources.  n61

   1987 Garbage Barge/Capacity Crisis

 Nothing brought the solid waste management disposal capacity crisis to more of
a heightened concern than the 1987 odyssey of the Mobro garbage barge.  n62 On
March 22, 1987, the Mobro 4000, towed by the tug Break of Dawn, left Long Island
City, New York for North Carolina.  n63 It was loaded with solid waste, mostly
paper, wood and plastic, from New York City and various Long Island communities.
The baled waste was intended for disposal at a methane gas conversion project.
The necessary state approvals, however, had not been obtained. Accordingly,
North Carolina refused to allow the barge to moor. The barge continued on its
[*77]  journey and was subsequently rejected by Louisiana, Alabama, Mississippi,
Florida, New Jersey, the Bahamas, Mexico and Belize.  n64

   More trouble awaited the barge on its return home on May 16, 1987. The City
of New York issued an administrative order prohibiting the barge's docking or
unloading within New York City waters. Meanwhile, the private carter legally
responsible for the waste on board filed a petition of relief in the United
States Bankruptcy Court claiming financial insolvency.  n65

   Although the State of New York had no obligation to do so, it intervened to
prevent the waste on board the barge from becoming a public nuisance.  n66 In
July 1987, the Commissioner of the Department of Environmental Conservation
devised a plan with the New York City Commissioner of Sanitation and the Town
Supervisor of the Town of Islip, Long Island, New York. The plan was to take the
waste to the Southwest Incinerator in Brooklyn, New York, open up and inspect
each bale to remove and dispose of any hazardous or infectious waste, incinerate
the remaining waste, and bury the approximately 400 tons of resultant ash
residue in Islip's Blydenburgh Landfill.  n67

   It became obvious that relying solely on landfill disposal of waste was no
longer viable because the State of New York simply did not have enough landfills
to accept its own trash.  n68 In the 1960's, more than 1,600 landfills across
the state were taking in municipal waste.  n69 In 1984, that number was reduced
to 426 and in 1986, only 340 landfills were in operation.  n70 Some landfills
simply filled up and were closed. In many cases, however, landfills found to be
contaminating the environment were forced to close or upgrade to meet the new
state standards.  n71

   There was a recognition that although landfills continued to be necessary for
solid waste disposal, they no longer played a major role in disposal programs.
n72 DEC advised solid waste planners  [*78]  that they should consider ways to
reduce the volume of waste needing landfilling through waste reduction,
recycling, reuse and waste-to-energy facilities, as recommended in the State
Solid Waste Management Plan.  n73

   DEC helped municipalities to find ways to reduce waste and reuse waste
materials. For example, DEC's source separation and recycling policy required
municipalities proposing waste disposal projects to study the feasibility of
source separation and recycling programs.  n74 If the DEC determined that a
source separation/recycling program was workable in combination with the
disposal facility for the proposed project, the program was made a condition of
the Part 360 permit to construct and operate.  n75

   The garbage barge incident, which made international news, made it clear to
the residents of New York State that continued dependence on out-of-state solid
waste disposal must decrease, and that they would have to find a way to safely
manage and dispose of New York State's solid wastes within the confines of the
state.  n76

   1987 Creation of Three Divisions in DEC to Address Waste Issues

 On September 17, 1987, a major DEC reorganization addressed the most critical
issues facing the state's environment - solid waste management and the
remediation of hazardous waste sites.  n77 Three separate divisions were
created: the Division of Solid Waste; the Division of Hazardous Waste
Remediation; and the Division of Hazardous Substances Regulation.  n78
Previously, all three functions were combined under the Division of Solid and
Hazardous Waste.  n79

   The new Division of Solid Waste focused on the issues of "waste reduction,
recycling, waste-to-energy plants and landfilling."  n80  [*79]  The new
Division of Hazardous Waste Remediation had the responsibility to oversee the
cleanup of inactive hazardous waste sites with the assistance of the largest and
most ambitious State Superfund program in the nation.  n81 The Division of
Hazardous Substances Regulation continued to administer programs for the
regulation of hazardous waste. In addition, regulatory programs for low-level
radioactive waste and pesticide management were assigned to this Division.  n82

   Solid Waste Management Act of 1988/Integrated SWM

 Further DEC advancement in the area of solid waste management occurred in 1988
through the passage of the State Solid Waste Management Act of 1988 (Chapter 70,
Laws of 1988).  n83 The Act established the concept of integrated solid waste
management programs which favored utilizing waste reduction, reuse/recycling,
energy recovery and landfilling. The Act also designated DEC as the agency
responsible for preparing and updating the New York State Solid Waste Management
Plan, and it mandated that source separation and recycling programs commence in
each municipality within the state no later than September 1, 1992.  n84 The Act
proposed a closer working relationship between state and local governments in
developing long-term, self-sufficient disposal capacity, which was becoming more
and more scarce for regions across the state.  n85

   December 31, 1988 Part 360/Solid Waste Management Facilities Regulations

 DEC promulgated substantial amendments to the Part 360 Solid Waste Management
Facilities regulations which became effective December 31, 1988.  n86 These
regulations created a comprehensive set of environmental regulations for
governing solid waste management facilities.  n87

   One of the key elements of the 1988 Part 360 regulations was the requirement
that all new solid waste landfills include double  [*80]  composite liners along
with dual leachate collection and removal systems.  n88 This new minimum double
liner requirement design for solid waste landfills was similar to those required
for hazardous waste landfills.  n89 Through these new provisions, DEC hoped to
foster improved public acceptance of these critically needed disposal
facilities.  n90 The 1988 version of Part 360 also included new requirements for
the management of recycling facilities, siting of landfills, waste tire storage
facilities, infectious waste, and composting and land spreading facilities.  n91
The regulations improved standards for more frequent monitoring and performance
reporting of landfills than any of the past regulations. By June of 1989, there
were only 253 active landfills in New York State.

   D. 1990's: Additional Initiatives in Solid Waste Management 1991 40 CFR Part
258 Criteria For MSW Landfills

 On October 9, 1991, EPA promulgated final regulations, 40 CFR Part 258 -
Criteria For Municipal Solid Waste Landfills.  n92 These federal regulations set
forth minimum federal criteria for municipal solid waste landfills nationwide,
including: location restrictions; operating criteria; design criteria;
groundwater monitoring and corrective action requirements; closure and
post-closure care requirements; and financial assurance criteria.  n93

   Implementation of the federal regulations is primarily a state function.  n94
The DEC therefore began the task of once again amending the Part 360 regulations
to incorporate the requirements of the federal regulations into the permitting
program to ensure that municipal solid waste landfills ("MSWLF") are being
operated properly and are protective of human health and the environment.  n95

    [*81]  1993 Part 360 Rule Making (For Federal Equivalency & Regulatory
Flexibility)

 DEC initiated the Part 360 rule making when the federal Part 258 was first
published in the Federal Register.  n96 The 1993 amendments to Part 360
incorporated those changes necessary for New York State to comply with the
federal Part 258 regulations. The amended regulations became effective on
October 9, 1993.  n97 On March 14, 1995, an official notice was published in the
Federal Register stating that the USEPA Region II Administrator had announced
the final adequacy determination of New York State's permit program for
municipal solid waste landfills.  n98

   Becoming a state approved by the EPA lessens the regulatory burden placed on
landfill owners within the state from having to comply with two sets of
regulations, federal and state.  n99 In addition, by having an approved state
program, DEC has more flexibility and discretion in implementing the federal
criteria according to local needs and conditions.  n100 Additionally, the 1993
Part 360 regulations incorporated requirements for registered solid waste
management facilities in cases where full permits were not necessary.  n101 This
1993 version of Part 360 also provided more flexibility for landfill designers,
owners, and operators to help reduce landfill design, operation, and closure
costs.  n102

   Minor revisions were made to the 1993 Part 360 regulations in 1995. The
changes represented mandate relief and provided clarifications of the wording
and intent of the regulations.  n103 The most significant change to the Part 360
regulations was the effective date of the financial assurance requirements for
MSWLFs from April 9, 1995 to April 9, 1997.  n104 This change is the same as the
one promulgated by the EPA. This change to the state regulations became
effective on November 26, 1996.

    [*82]  1995 Creation of the Division of Solid & Hazardous Materials

 The Division of Solid Waste, the Division of Hazardous Substances Regulation,
and the DEC Pollution Prevention Unit were restructured and consolidated into
two new divisions on August 28, 1995: the Division of Solid & Hazardous
Materials ("DS&HM")  n105 ; and the Division of Pollution Prevention & Waste
Reduction ("DPP&WR").  n106 Waste reduction, recycling and pollution prevention
activities are administered by the DPP&WR.  n107 All other solid waste
activities are administered by the DS&HM.  n108 The DS&HM also administers the
state's hazardous waste regulatory program (RCRA-Subtitle C), the state's
pesticide regulatory program, and the state's low-level radioactive waste
regulatory program.  n109

   E. Today

 The drastic decline in the number of landfills in the state since the 1960's is
consistent with the Department's goal of closure of unlined open dumps. In
addition, a decrease in the state's reliance on landfilling through reuse and
recycling programs reduced the amount of wastes requiring disposal.  n110

   As of December 31, 1995, there were sixty-seven active landfills in New York
State, and over thirty of these landfills were constructed with double-liner
systems.  n111 These double-liner systems have proven themselves to be an
effective means to prevent contamination of the groundwater resources of the
state through the use of leachate collection systems which provide for excellent
[*83]  leachate accountability.  n112 In 1995, over 450 million gallons of
leachate were collected at thirty-four lined landfills in New York State.  n113

   Today, the Department's focus has been implementing a more flexible and
streamlined regulatory process. This process will keep solid waste management
costs to a minimum, while at the same time ensuring adequate and meaningful
environmental protection to the people and natural resources of the state.  n114
DEC's goal is to close or upgrade non-compliant landfills so that solid wastes
will only be disposed of at DEC-approved/permitted disposal facilities.  n115
This will ensure no adverse environmental or human health impacts. At the same
time, DEC will entertain innovative and technically justified solid waste
management practices in an effort to attain this goal.  n116

   II. Comparison of Solid Waste Management in NewYorkState

   A. 1988 to March 1996

 In the late 1980's, there was concern at the state and federal levels of an
imminent solid waste management disposal crisis: an acknowledgment of the large
quantities of solid waste being generated; the difficulties in disposing of it;
and the need to reduce the waste stream and maximize reuse and recycling.  n117
Since that time, a number of factors have significantly changed solid waste
management in New York State. Those factors include: statutes;  n118
regulations;  n119 programs;  n120 policies; court deci [*84]  sions;  n121 the
dedication of millions of state and local dollars to solid waste management
purposes;  n122 changed general attitudes toward throw away "garbage" - out of
sight, out of mind mentality; and the change to a conserving, recycling society.
n123

   As the DEC's Solid Waste Management Plan states:



    actions taken in the early 1990's helped avert the disposal capacity crisis
which appeared imminent in the late 1980's. Integrated solid waste management
systems proposed in LSWMP [Local Solid Waste Management Plans] were implemented;
new recycling and disposal facilities were brought on-line in response to the
LILL [Long Island Landfill Law] and to meet capacity needs in other areas of the
State; use of out-of-State landfill capacity increased; recycling markets
blossomed; and the DEC, through its Landfill Closure Consent Order Policy,
facilitated disposal at consolidation landfills while planning units developed
and implemented plans to provide for additional environmentally sound capacity.
n124



    The following analysis highlights some of these major factors and summarizes
the ways in which solid waste management has changed in the state since 1988.

   B. Statutes

 Since the focus on solid waste management began to build in the late 1980's, a
number of federal and state statutes have defined further the ground rules for
the management of solid waste. At the New York State level, the Solid Waste
Management Act of 1988, Chapter 70,  n125 helped turn the tide of solid waste
management in the state by including a fairly comprehensive scope of
requirements, programs, and policies for state and local governments to follow
in the management of solid waste.

   Its major provisions included: requiring establishment of the DEC Bureau of
Waste Reduction and Recycling and the State Solid Waste Management Board;  n126
defining local planning  [*85]  units;  n127 authorizing grant programs for
local solid waste management planning, municipal recycling, and local resource,
reuse and recovery;  n128 requiring a DEC solid waste management technical
assistance program;  n129 requiring establishment of a recycling emblem program;
n130 establishing a state solid waste management policy that places a priority
on waste reduction/reuse/recycling;  n131 and calling upon state and local
governments to take various actions to foster sound solid waste management and
maximize reuse and recycling.  n132 Over the past eight years, state and local
governments have taken actions to implement the provisions of Chapter 70,
thereby changing the face of solid waste management in the state.  n133

   In 1990, Chapter Law 146 created and funded, among other programs, a $ 100
million Landfill Closure State Assistance Program ("LCSAP") to help
municipalities finance the closure of their non- hazardous landfills.  n134 The
Environmental Protection Act (Chapter 610, Laws of 1993)  n135 reaffirmed LCSAP,
as the legislative findings to the Act declared, "it is imperative that ... the
state ... enter the twenty-first century with an environmentally sound and
effective program for managing solid waste."  n136 The Act created the
Environmental Protection Fund to fund, among other programs, municipal waste
reduction and recycling projects; landfill closures; and household hazardous
waste collection programs.  n137 Additionally, the Act created a landfill
closure loan program for municipalities with a population under 3,500, and the
Act increased the LCSAP grants from 50% to 75% for those same communities with
an LCSAP contract.  n138

   Since 1988, other state laws concerning a range of solid waste management
subjects such as hazardous packaging, recycling  [*86]  product procurement,
used oil, vehicle battery recycling and penalties for solid waste violations
have also been enacted.  n139

   C. Waste Generation Rates and Management Methods

 As shown in the table below, the degree of utilization of each major waste
management method (waste reduction, reuse, recycling, waste-to-energy,
landfilling, and exporting out-of-state for disposal) has changed since 1988.
According to the numbers in the table below, the generation rate increased
approximately 6% from 1988 to 1994, while the percentage reused or recycled
almost quadrupled. With approximately two-thirds fewer landfills in existence in
1994 than in 1988, landfilling decreased by approximately 40% during that time
period.

   Solid Waste Generation and Management
 in New York State: 1988-1994
 (In Millions of Tons)



 [tdm'0000',ql [tcgp1,m'Solid Waste',qc,vu1 [tcgp1,m'Recycled',qc,vu1
[tcgp1,m'Incinerated',qc,vu1 [tcgp1,m'Landfilled',qc,vu1
[tcgp1,m'Out-of-State',qc,vu1] [tu3;6] SolidWaste Reused/ WTE/ Exported
YearGeneratedRecycledIncineratedLandfilledOut-of-State 1988 24.0 2.0 2.5 18.4
1.1 1994 25.5 7.2 3.3 11.0 4.0 [tu3;6] [tn1,6]Note: Data included in the table
are for the year 1994; due to the data-gathering and analysis process, complete
1995 data are not yet available. Updated estimates of 1994 solid waste
generation and recycling rates, which will be reported in the 1995 DEC Recycling
Bulletin, reflect an estimated 1994 generation rate of 26.8 million tons and a
recycling rate of approximately 8.5 million tons (approximately 32 percent).
These revised estimates reflect data obtained through a DEC telephone survey on
material reused through the Beneficial Use Determination program and reported by
municipalities on a slightly increased amount of recycled materials.  n140

 Waste Reduction, Reuse, & Recycling

 Since 1987, one of the primary forces in changing the solid waste management
landscape in New York State has been increased waste reduction, reuse, and
recycling of solid waste materials. In 1987, the first State Solid Waste
Management Plan established a state goal to reduce/reuse/recycle 50% of the
solid waste generated in New York State by 1997.  n141 Since then, we have been
working toward achieving that goal. Recycling and  [*87]  reuse have been
successful and useful in New York State, increasing from handling approximately
8% of the waste stream in 1988 to 28% of the waste stream in 1994, approximately
7.2 million tons of recovered materials.  n142

   A number of factors have contributed to increasing reuse/recycling in New
York State, many of which were required or enhanced by Chapter 70 of the Laws of
1988.  n143 Some of those factors include: establishment in 1989 of the DEC
Bureau of Waste Reduction and Recycling;  n144 DEC-administered grant programs
totaling $ 82.45 million in appropriated funds that have contributed to numerous
local waste reduction and recycling initiatives;  n145 mandatory local
government source separation laws that apply to virtually the entire state
population;  n146 implementation of local solid waste management plans;  n147
educational efforts;  n148 and development of markets for recycled materials
which were facilitated by the New York State Department of Economic Development
and DEC.  n149

   Waste-to-Energy

 As of March 1996, eleven waste-to-energy facilities were operating in New York
State, as compared to nine waste-to-energy facilities that were operating in the
state in 1988.  n150 The total design capacity of waste-to-energy facilities in
the state has increased from approximately 6,400 tons per day in 1988 to a
current capac [*88]  ity of 11,140 tons per day.  n151 Air emission controls for
these facilities have been improved and ash residue from them is tested for
hazardous waste using the EPA's protocol.  n152

   There has been an increase in waste-to-energy capacity statewide. However,
this option has been restricted by a shift in waste management priorities toward
waste reduction/reuse/recycling, a lack of public and municipal enthusiasm for
waste-to-energy, and the issue of flow control.  n153

   Landfills and Landfill Closure

 In December 1988, over 80% of the waste stream in the state was disposed of in
the 263 active landfills operating in New York.  n154 Many of these landfills
were environmentally unsound.  n155 As of December 31, 1995, there were
sixty-seven landfills operating in the state, which received over 40% of the
total solid waste stream.  n156 Twenty-one of those landfills were constructed
with state-of-the-art, double-composite liner systems, required by 6 NYCRR Part
360.  n157

   "The costs for landfill closure can be significant, especially for smaller
communities."  n158 To lessen this financial burden, the Landfill Closure State
Assistance Program ("LCSAP") provided an important source of state funds for
landfill closures.  n159 A $ 100 million LCSAP was authorized by the State
Legislature and subsequently implemented by the DEC.  n160 The Environmental
Protection Fund provided an additional $ 9 million for increasing the LCSAP
grants from 50% to 75% for communities with a population under 3,500 which
already had an LCSAP contract, and an additional $ 2 million for loans to such
municipalities.  n161 Since  [*89]  1990, 108 municipalities have received LCSAP
funds for landfill closures.  n162

   Local Solid Waste Management Plans

 A key element in successful integrated solid waste management in New York State
is the network of local solid waste management plans ("LSWMP") that have come
about since 1988.  n163 These local plans provide planning units with the
opportunity to evaluate available solid waste management options and plan for
effective management of their solid waste.

   Chapter 70, Laws of 1988, authorized a 7.5 million dollar program to help
local governments pay the costs of developing solid waste management plans
leading to the development of many of these local plans.  n164 Of the fifty
planning units which applied to the DEC for financial assistance, thirty-six
received funding.  n165 As of March 1996, fifty-one of the sixty-five planning
units in the state had approved plans, with 88% of the state's population
residing in planning units with approved plans.  n166 Ten state planning units
had draft plans under review with the DEC as of that time. The Local Resource
Reuse and Recovery Program assisted municipalities with the establishment,
maintenance, and enhancement of local recycling/waste reduction programs.
Millions of dollars were spent on this effort.  n167

   D. Solid Waste Management Regulations Federal

 Since 1988, significant changes have been made to the Code of Federal
Regulations (CFR) regarding solid waste management. In 1991, the EPA issued 40
CFR Parts 257 and 258 which contained solid waste disposal facility criteria.
n168 In 1995, the EPA promulgated air emission guidelines for municipal solid
waste incinerators containing emission limits for some pollutants that were not
previously limited and lowered emission limits for other  [*90]  pollutants.
n169 In March 1996, the EPA issued amendments to the Federal Clean Air Act that
required large landfills, defined as having a 2.5 million metric tons design
capacity, which emitted volatile organic compounds in excess of fifty megagrams
per year, to control emissions by installing gas collection systems.  n170

   State

 Since 1988, New York State's Solid Waste Management Facilities Regulations have
undergone two major revisions. The first revision, effective December 31, 1988,
was recognized as establishing new standards for the responsible handling and
disposal of solid waste.  n171 Included within this revision were requirements
for recycling facilities and landfills, and the consideration of recycling in
the formulation of local solid waste management plans.  n172 In addition, the
Beneficial Use Determination ("BUD") Program was instituted under the 1988
revisions.  n173

   The revisions to Part 360 that became effective in October 1993 reflected
changes in DEC policy along with legal and technological developments which
occurred since the 1988 revisions.  n174 Included in the 1993 Part 360 revisions
were procedures to correct known groundwater contamination from landfills,  n175
regulatory relief measures for landfill siting,  n176 establishment of a solid
waste facility registration program,  n177 and provisions concerning the BUD
program (e.g. pre-approved BUDs).  n178 The 1993 revi [*91]  sions brought these
regulations into full compliance with the Federal Solid Waste Disposal Facility
Criteria.  n179

   In March 1995, the EPA approved New York State's permit program for municipal
solid waste landfills and issued a notice of final determination of adequacy for
the DEC landfill permit program.  n180 This approval by the EPA authorizes New
York State to implement and enforce the federal solid waste disposal facility
criteria under the state regulatory program.

   In addition, sub-part 360-15 was promulgated in 1989 to regulate the content
and other aspects of local solid waste management plans.  n181 In 1990, the
Recycling Emblems Regulation was promulgated, launching the program which allows
companies to apply for a state-registered emblem that certifies that they offer
a product  n182 containing a certain content of recycled materials, or which is
recyclable or reusable.  n183

   E. Court Decisions

 A number of United States Supreme Court decisions have focused on aspects of
solid waste management and transport since 1988.  n184 The Court's decisions
which had the most significant effects on New York State with regards to flow
control and incinerator ash residue are discussed below.

   Flow Control

 The United States Supreme Court decision with the greatest potential impact on
New York State is C.A. Carbone v. Town of Clarkstown, New York,  n185 decided on
May 16, 1994. In that decision, the Supreme Court found that the flow control
ordinance  [*92]  adopted by the Town of Clarkstown, Rockland County was
unconstitutional because it violated the Commerce Clause of the United States
Constitution.  n186 This holding is extremely broad and appears to affect most
flow control methods in the state.  n187 Since that decision, the struggle over
the flow and ownership of solid waste has been heightened.  n188

   Flow control has been an important financial and planning tool for New York
municipalities  n189 in sizing solid waste management facilities and ensuring
delivery of sufficient solid waste to satisfy debt service payments for these
capital intensive facilities.  n190 In some cases, recycling and waste reduction
projects, which have been particularly emphasized since 1988, have been funded
through tipping fees at such facilities.  n191 As a result of the Carbone
decision, most of the communities in the state with authority to enact flow
control legislation have opted not to implement those measures.  n192 As a
result, their solid waste management financing and programs have suffered.

   In early 1995, the DEC, with assistance from the New York State Association
of Solid Waste Management and the Legislative Commission on Solid Waste
Management, surveyed planning units in the state that have significant debt
financing.  n193 Those  [*93]  planning units reported that if federal
legislation is not enacted to restore flow control authority, their integrated
solid waste management systems will unravel; many waste reduction and recycling
programs will be curtailed or eliminated; significant delays may be experienced
in developing landfill capacity; and planning units with flow control authority,
especially smaller ones, will face a struggle to meet their solid waste
expenses.  n194

   Two challenges to local flow control authority of New York towns have
recently been decided by the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. These two decisions, SSC Corp. v. Town of Smithtown  n195 and USA
Recycling, Inc. v. Town of Babylon,  n196 each involved contractual agreements
between the towns and private carting companies. In these cases, the towns
financed the solid waste management facilities, but contracted out to private
haulers to provide transportation services to bring solid waste within the town
to the town facilities.  n197 Thus, the towns were acting as market
participants, which the United States Supreme Court has recognized as an
exception to the prohibition on restraint of commerce under the Commerce Clause
of the United States Constitution.  n198

   On February 20, 1996, the United States Supreme Court refused to review the
Second Circuit's decision in SSC Corp. v. Town of Smithtown, which held that the
solid waste hauling contractual arrangements were valid.  n199 The two towns in
New York State that have contractual agreements protected under the market
participant exemption are Smithtown and Babylon. These two decisions "provide a
guide to local governments on how to legally direct the collection and disposal
of solid waste in the absence of congressional action to enact flow control
legislation."  n200

    [*94]  Ash Residue

 The May 2, 1994 United States Supreme Court ruling in City of Chicago v.
Environmental Defense Fund, Inc.,  n201 held that ash generated by
waste-to-energy facilities, which burn household hazardous waste alone or in
combination with nonhazardous waste from industrial and commercial sources, is
not exempt from regulation as a hazardous waste under RCRA Subtitle C.  n202 As
a result of this decision, facilities which generate ash residue, including the
waste-to-energy facilities in the state, must determine whether ash is a
hazardous waste under RCRA Subtitle C.  n203 In order to determine if it is a
hazardous waste, all waste-to- energy facilities in the state have undertaken
periodic testing of their ash residue according to an EPA sampling and testing
protocol.  n204 If the ash residue is found to be a hazardous waste, it must be
managed in accordance with EPA and State hazardous waste regulatory
requirements.  n205

   Proposed Federal Legislation

 Since the late 1980's, the United States Congress has considered several
legislative proposals that would restrict interstate transport of solid waste.
n206 In addition, since the Carbone decision, flow control measures have been
added to these Congressional proposals. In 1995, U.S. Senate bill S.534  n207
focused on interstate movement of solid waste and flow control. With respect to
interstate transport of solid waste, the bill provides "for gradual reductions
in municipal solid waste exports."  n208 This should allow municipalities and
private developers in New York State (and other states) "sufficient lead time to
site, permit, construct or obtain additional solid waste disposal capacity" and
also to negoti [*95]  ate any needed "host community agreements that could
specifically authorize receipt of out-of-state waste."  n209

   With respect to flow control, Senate Bill S. 534 "would restore flow control
authority" to state "planning units with existing flow control arrangements and
solid waste management facilities."  n210 In addition, it would allow "planning
units with outstanding bonds for the siting, permitting or construction of a
proposed facility to institute flow control."  n211

   The United States House of Representatives' proposal contains more severe
restrictions on waste exports and more narrow flow control provisions.  n212 The
House flow control provisions do not provide New York planning units with the
flow control authority to guarantee sufficient waste quantities for future solid
waste management facilities.  n213 The House interstate waste provisions, if
enacted, could significantly disrupt the arrangements that some New York
municipalities and private waste transporters have made to ship waste to
out-of-state facilities.

   III. Conclusion


   A. Future Challenges and Directions

 The infrastructure and technology for handling municipal solid waste ("MSW")
are rapidly changing. Decision makers need to consider the numerous factors
associated with successful implementation of new solid waste management
solutions. MSW decision makers are encouraged to carefully evaluate all of the
elements in their waste handling systems and implement source reduction,
recycling, reuse, and environmentally sound disposal.



    Communities are encouraged to coordinate their goals for waste reduction,
recycling, reuse and management, environmental protection, community
development, and employment. Communities, businesses, institutions and
individuals should apply creativity and ingenuity in drafting policies and
designing solid waste management programs that prevent the generation of waste
in the first place. When waste generation is unavoidable, the materials can be
viewed as a resource from which reusable materials such as raw  [*96]
feedstock, minerals, organic matter, nutrients and energy can be recovered for
beneficial uses. Residual materials requiring disposal must be carefully managed
to protect human health and the environment.  n214



    The national trend toward materials management, rather than solid waste
management, will continue.

   B. No Cheap and Easy Solutions to Solid Waste Problems

 Providing new solid waste disposal capacity in the state has been hampered by
the NIMBY (Not In My Backyard) syndrome and by what I call the NIMTOF (Not In My
Term Of Office) lament. Even with a goal to reduce, reuse, or recycle 50 percent
of its waste by 1997, New York still will have to provide proper management for
the half of its waste that remains. Landfilling is - and will remain - the
dominant means of disposal for wastes that cannot be reused, recycled, or turned
into energy.

   The best way to overcome NIMBY/NIMTOF and reduce public fear of landfill
disposal is to ensure that today's facilities are:



    1) designed with environmentally sound solid waste and leachate containment
systems;

   2) properly constructed and operated; and

   3) properly closed and maintained for a minimum of thirty years.



    The public must also be involved in the landfill siting process from the
beginning.

   The EPA's minimum standards will help level the landfill disposal playing
field nationwide so that specific states or regions are not at a disadvantage in
managing their solid waste streams. I believe that landfill costs will increase,
the number of landfills will decrease, landfills will get bigger, and recycling
and composting will become national requirements in the sizing of landfills. I
also believe that the role of the private sector in solid waste management will
continue to increase.

   There is no cheap and easy solid waste management. Planning and priorities
must be carefully considered to assure that limited resources are spent wisely
on projects which establish rational and lasting foundations for sound solid
waste management at the local level.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Environmental LawAir QualityOperating PermitsEnvironmental LawHazardous Wastes &
Toxic SubstancesCERCLA & SuperfundGeneral OverviewEnvironmental LawSolid
WastesGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Norman H. Nosenchuck is Director of the Division of Solid & Hazardous
Materials, New York State Department of Environmental Conservation. The Division
administers the state regulatory programs for Solid Waste, Hazardous Waste,
Low-Level Radioactive Wastes and Pesticides Management.




n2.  See N.Y. Comp. Codes R. & Regs. tit. 10, 19.1-.5 (1962) (repealed 1974).
See generally N.Y. Envtl. Conserv. Law 27-0703 (McKinney 1984 & Supp. 1996)
(discussing the beginning of New York State regulations in the area of solid
waste, in practice commentary).




n3.  See N.Y. Comp. Codes R. & Regs. tit. 10, 19.1-.5 (1962) (repealed 1974).




n4.  See 1983 N.Y. Laws 299, 1; N.Y. Envtl. Conserv. Law 27-0704 (McKinney 1984
& Supp. 1996) (practice commentary). See generally Environmental Defense Fund,
Inc. v. Costle, 439 F. Supp. 980, 985-87 (E.D.N.Y. 1977) (discussing problems
with water supply and sewer service in Nassau and Suffolk Counties).




n5.  See New York State Dep't of Envtl. Conserv., Upstate New York Groundwater
Management Program Summary, at iii (n.d.) [hereinafter Groundwater Management
Program].




n6.  See 1966 N.Y. Laws 2651, 2663.




n7.  See 1970 N.Y. Laws 1450.




n8.  See 1970 N.Y. Laws 866.




n9.  See 1970 N.Y. Laws 866, 876.




n10.  1972 N.Y. Laws 2113, 2114.




n11.  See 1972 N.Y. Laws 2115, 2130.




n12.  See 1972 N.Y. Laws 2115, 2125.




n13.  See 1972 N.Y. Laws 2115, 2126.




n14.  See id.




n15.  1973 N.Y. Laws 1474.




n16.  1973 N.Y. Laws 1474, 1474-75.




n17.  1973 N.Y. Laws 1474, 1476.




n18.  1973 N.Y. Laws 1474, 1476-77 (codified at N.Y. Envtl. Conserv. Law 27-
0707 (McKinney 1984 & Supp. 1996)).




n19.  42 U.S.C. 6901 (1994).




n20.  42 U.S.C. 3251 (1970) (repealed 1976).




n21.  Resource Recovery Act of 1970, Pub. L. No. 91-512, 84 Stat. 1227 (1970)
(codified at 42 U.S.C. 3251 (1994)).




n22.  Hazardous and Solid Waste Amendments of 1984, Pub. L. No. 98-616, 98 Stat.
3226 (1984) (codified at 42 U.S.C. 6901 (1994)).




n23.  See 42 U.S.C. 6902(a) (1994) (enumerating 11 objectives).




n24.  See 42 U.S.C. 6921 (1994).




n25.  See id. 6941-49.




n26.  See id.




n27.  See id. 6944.




n28.  See 42 U.S.C. 6944 (1994).




n29.  See id. 6945.




n30.  See id. 6949.




n31.  See id. 6937.




n32.  See generally The Nelson A. Rockefeller Institute of Government, The
Department of Environmental Conservation: A 25th Anniversary Review 65 (1996)
[hereinafter Rockefeller Report] (stating that in fiscal year 1974-75, $ 500,000
was appropriated to the division).




n33.  See N.Y. Comp. Codes R. & Regs. tit. 6, 360 (1995).




N34.  Id.




n35.  See id. 360-1.1.




n36.  See id. 360-1.7.




n37.  See id. 360-1.5(b), 361, 370-75 (1995).




n38.  N.Y. Envtl. Conserv. Law 27-0900 (McKinney 1984 & Supp. 1996).




n39.  See id.




n40.  See Rockefeller Report, supra note 32, at 77.




n41.  See id.




n42.  See id; see also Conrad B. MacKerron, Superfund Cleanup: The Lessons of
Love Canal and Stringfellow, Chemical Wk., Sept. 2, 1987, at 36 (discussing the
history of Love Canal).




n43.  See Dennis Hevesi, The Long History of a Toxic-Waste Nightmare, N.Y.
Times, Sept. 28, 1988, at B4 (reporting that "heavy rains [brought] chemicals to
the surface and into basements and the school playground"); Douglas McLeod, Oxy
Told to Pay Love Canal Cleanup, Bus. Ins., Feb. 29, 1988, at 1 (discussing in
part the 1978 Love Canal contamination and residential evacuation).




n44.  See Cass Peterson, EPA Urged to Complete Buyout of Love Canal, Wash. Post,
June 7, 1984, at A21 (noting that New York officials requested the federal
government "to buy the homes and businesses that remain around Love Canal ..."
); Anthony L. Young, Love Canal - The Decision on the State of New York Punitive
Damages Decision, 14 Envtl. L. Sec. J. 4 (1994) (discussing both the state and
federal governments' involvement in dealing with the Love Canal disaster); see
also Jay Gallagher, Protesters Want Love Canal Vacant, Gannett News Service,
Oct. 1, 1990 (recalling the 10th anniversary of the federal government's buyout
of Love Canal).




n45.  See Adeline Goron Levine, Love Canal: Science, Politics and People 46
(1982) (discussing the remedial construction project for leachate collection and
prevention).




n46.  See generally Eugene Marting-Leff, The Settlement of the Love Canal
Litigation, 15 Envtl. L. Sec. J. 13 (1995) (discussing DEC's allocation of
resources for remedial construction a few years following 1978).




n47.  See Levine, supra note 45, at 46; MacKerron, supra note 42, at 36.




n48.  See generally Hevesi, supra note 43, at B4 (listing the event of the
December 1984 clay cap installation over Love Canal).




n49.  40 C.F.R. 257 (1995).




n50.  See id. 257.2.




n51.  See id.




n52.  See generally Rockefeller Report, supra note 32, at 68-70 (explaining the
development of New York's solid waste management programs).




n53.  See id. at 78.




n54.  See generally id. at 78.




n55.  N.Y. Comp. Codes R. & Regs. tit. 6, 370 (1995).




n56.  N.Y. Envtl. Conserv. Law 27-0704 (McKinney 1984).




n57.  See id. 27-0704 (5)(a)-(c).




n58.  See id. 27-0704 (4)(g).




n59.  See N.Y. Envtl. Conserv. Law 27-0704 (McKinney 1984 & Supp. 1996).




n60.  See Groundwater Management Program, supra note 5, at 17-18.




n61.  See generally Groundwater Management Program, supra note 5, at 3, 6, 10,
25-26 (defining sensitive and principal aquifers and describing DEC groundwater
and solid waste management programs).




n62.  See Rockefeller Report, supra note 32, at 71.




n63.  See id.




n64.  See Philip S. Gutis, For Trash Barge Crew, Empty Days and Flies, N.Y.
Times, May 4, 1987, at A1; Barbara Hogan, All Baled Up and No Place To Go,
Conservationist, Jan.-Feb., 1988, at 37.




n65.  See id.




n66.  See Rockefeller Report, supra note 32, at 71-72.




n67.  See Hogan, supra note 64, at 39.




n68.  See Rockefeller Report, supra note 32, at 72.




n69.  See id. at 74.




n70.  See generally id. at 71.




n71.  See generally id.




n72.  See generally id. at 71-72.




n73.  See Rockefeller Report, supra note 32, at 71-72.




n74.  See id; Major Changes Due for Solid Waste Regulations, Wasteline (New York
State Dep't of Envtl. Conserv., Albany, N.Y.), Nov. 1987, at 3 [hereinafter
Major Changes Due] (highlighting the DEC proposed changes).




n75.  See Rockefeller Report, supra note 32, at 72 & n. 24; Major Changes Due,
supra note 74, at 3.




n76.  See Rockefeller Report, supra note 32, at 71-72.




n77.  See Rockefeller Report, supra note 32, at 72.




n78.  See id.




n79.  See id.




n80.  See id. at 72 (citing to New York State Solid Waste Management Board,
Waste Reduction: Report to the Governor and Legislature, at iii (Jan. 1993));
Major Changes Due, supra note 74, at 3.




n81.  See Rockefeller Report, supra note 32, at 78.




n82.  See id. at 79.




n83.  1988 N.Y. Laws 1966.




n84.  See id. 120-aa(2)(a).




n85.  See id. 2.




n86.  N.Y. Comp. Codes R. & Regs. tit. 6, 360 (1995).




n87.  See Division of Solid Waste, New York State Dep't of Envtl. Conserv., New
York State Solid Waste Management Plan 1989-1990 Update 7-8 (1989) [hereinafter
Management Plan 1989-1990 Update].




n88.  See N.Y. Comp. Codes R. & Regs. tit. 6, 360-2.13(f)-(g) (1995).




n89.  See N.Y. Comp. Codes R. & Regs. tit. 6, 373-2.2(k)(ii)(e), (k)(iii)(b)
(1995).




n90.  See generally Management Plan 1989-1990 Update, supra note 87, at 8
(describing Part 360 as protecting "public health and the environment and
conserving the state's natural resources").




n91.  See id. at 8-14.




n92.  40 C.F.R. 258 (1995).




n93.  See id.




n94.  See Erica L. Heintz, Where will the Garbage Go?, in New York State
Assembly: Legislative Commission on Solid Waste Management 32 (April 1995).




n95.  See Division of Solid Waste, New York State Dep't of Envtl. Conserv., New
York State Solid Waste Management Plan 1993/94 Update 65 (1994) [hereinafter
Management Plan 1993/94 Update]; see also N.Y. Comp. Codes R. & Regs. tit. 6,
360 (1995) (the state regulation); Criteria for Municipal Solid Waste Landfills,
40 C.F.R. 258 (1993) (the federal requirement).




n96.  See Management Plan 1993/94 Update, supra note 95, at 65.




n97.  N.Y. Comp. Codes R. & Regs. tit. 6, 360-1.3 (1995).




n98.  See State of New York: Final Determination of Adequacy of State/Tribal
Municipal Solid Waste Permit Program, 60 Fed. Reg. 49, 13722 (1995).




n99.  See Division of Solid & Hazardous Waste, New York State Dep't of Envtl.
Conserv., New York State Waste Management Plan 1995/96 Update 30 (1996)
[hereinafter Management Plan 1995/96 Update].




n100.  See id.; Rockefeller Report, supra note 32, at 74.




n101.  See N.Y. Comp. Codes R. & Regs. tit. 6, 360-1.7(a)(3)(v) (1995).




n102.  See id. 360-2.4 to -2.17.




n103.  See N.Y. St. Reg., at 3 (proposed Feb. 21, 1996).




n104.  See id. at 3.




n105.  See DEC Organizational Charts (1995). See generally Rockefeller Report,
supra note 32, at 66, 78. On June 28, 1996 the DS&HM also became responsible for
the administration of waste reduction and recycling activities. The DPP&WR was
abolished and a pollution prevention unit was created to administer pollution
prevention activities. See Organization and Structure (approved by DEC on June
1996).




n106.  See Organization and Structure (approved June 1996).




n107.  See id.




n108.  See id.




n109.  See id.




n110.  See Management Plan 1995/96 Update, supra note 99, at 29. See generally
Rockefeller Report, supra note 32, at 73-74 (discussing the increase in the
amount of wastes being recycled).




n111.  See Report to Author from Chief, Bureau of Solid Waste, DEC (3/96). See
generally Management Plan 1995/96 Update, supra note 99, at 30 (noting that as
of June 1995 there were 66 landfills, of which 28 have double liners);
Rockefeller Report, supra note 32, at 74 (noting there were 66 landfills as of
May 24, 1995).




n112.  See Management Plan 1995/96 Update, supra note 99, at 29 (including
diagram of double liner system).




n113.  See Report to Author from Chief, Bureau of Solid Waste & Land Management,
DEC (12/96). See generally George Koerner & Robert Koerner, Use of Nonwoven
Geotextiles in Waste Containment Systems, 26 Nonwovens Industry 44 (1995)
(discussing leachate collection systems and linear systems).




n114.  See Management Plan 1995/96 Update, supra note 99, at 31 (discussing
DEC's landfilling recommendations).




n115.  See id. at 31.




n116.  See id. at 33.




n117.  See id. at 5. See generally Rockefeller Report, supra note 32, at 70.




n118.  See Management Plan 1995/96 Update, supra note 99, at 5; Rockefeller
Report, supra note 32, at 5, 207-08.




n119.  See Management Plan 1995/1996 Update, supra note 99, at 47-49;
Rockefeller Report, supra note 32, at 207-08.




n120.  See generally Rockefeller Report, supra note 32, at 5, 202-08 (discussing
various federal and state legislation and programs that have been implemented).




n121.  See Management Plan 1995/96 Update, supra note 99, at 40, 44, 45.




n122.  See id. at 17; see also Rockefeller Report, supra note 32, at 3 (noting
that millions of dollars were appropriated to the DEC).




n123.  See Division of Solid Waste, New York State Dep't of Envtl. Conserv., A
Planning Guide for Communities ... Recycling xi-xv (1990) [hereinafter
Recycling] (describing a recycling plan for communities).




n124.  Management Plan 1995/96 Update, supra note 99, at 5.




n125.  1988 N.Y. Laws 1966.




n126.  See N.Y. Envtl. Conserv. Law 27-0702, 27-0717 (McKinney Supp. 1996).




n127.  See id. 27-0107(1)(a).




n128.  See id. 27-0109.




n129.  See id. 27-0715(1).




n130.  See id. 27-0717(2).




n131.  See N.Y. Envtl. Conserv. Law 27-0107(1)(b)(iii), (iv) (McKinney Supp.
1996).




n132.  See id. 27-106(1), 27-106(2); see also id. 27-0107(1)(c) (stating that
local government must follow the state policy).




n133.  See N.Y. Envtl. Conserv. Law 27-0103 (McKinney 1984 & Supp. 1996).




n134.  1990 N.Y. Laws 2276 (repealed 1993).




n135.  1993 N.Y. Laws 3751 (codified at N.Y. Envtl. Conserv. Law 54-0101
(McKinney Supp. 1996)).




n136.  Id. 2.




n137.  See id.




n138.  See id. 54-0509(2).




n139.  See Rockefeller Report, supra note 32, at 207-08.




n140.  See Management Plan 1995/96 Update, supra note 99, at vii.




n141.  See Management Plan 1989-1990 Update, supra note 87, at vi, 2.




n142.  See Management Plan 1995/96 Update, supra note 99, at vi, 52.




n143.  See Management Plan 1989-1990 Update, supra note 87, at 2-3.




n144.  See N.Y. Envtl. Conserv. Law 27-0717 (McKinney 1984 & Supp. 1996).




n145.  See generally Waste Reduction, Recycling Grants Available, Wasteline,
(New York State Dep't of Envtl. Conserv., Albany, N.Y.), Winter 1993-94, at 3
(discussing the availability of waste reduction and recycling grants).




n146.  See Recycling, supra note 123, at 2.




n147.  See generally Solid Waste Management Planning, Wasteline (New York State
Dep't of Envtl. Conserv., Albany, N.Y.), Winter 1992, at 4 (discussing the
number of local planning units approved, pending or not submitted).




n148.  See Recycling, supra note 123, at 2.




n149.  See New York State Dep't of Envtl. Conserv., Solid Waste Management
Technical Assistance Report for 1993, at 8 (1993) [hereinafter Technical
Assistance Report for 1993]. See generally Management Plan 1995/96 Update, supra
note 99, at 14 (listing "factors which successfully contribute to increasing
recycling....").




n150.  See New York State Dep't of Envtl. Conserv., New York State Solid Waste
Management Plan 1988/89 Update 29 (1989) [hereinafter Management Plan 1988/89
Update]. See generally Mark Weiner, State Relaxes Trash Tests County to Test for
Mercury, Though It's Not Required, Syracuse Herald- Journal, Apr. 1, 1996, at
A11 (discussing a DEC plan to reduce tests at the eleven New York incinerators).




n151.  See Management Plan 1988/89 Update, supra note 150, at 29 (presenting
table on status of waste-to-energy facilities in New York as of 1/1/89).




n152.  See generally Technical Assistance Report for 1993, supra note 149, at 12
(discussing the DEC's Ash Residue Characterization Program).




n153.  See Management Plan 1995/96 Update, supra note 99, at 27.




n154.  See id. at 5.




n155.  See id. See generally Rockefeller Report, supra note 32, at 71
(discussing a 1984 study which found that only 70 of the 426 open landfills had
valid permits and 248 landfills were thought to be polluting groundwater).




n156.  See Report to Author from Chief, Bureau of Solid Waste, DEC (3/96).




n157.  N.Y. Comp. Codes R. & Regs. tit. 6, 360-2.13(f) (1995).




n158.  Management Plan 1995/96 Update, supra note 99, at 32.




n159.  See 1986 N.Y. Laws 511; N.Y. Finance Law 92-s (McKinney Supp. 1996).




n160.  See $ 100 Million Available for Landfill Closure, Wasteline (New York
State Dep't of Envtl. Conserv., Albany, N.Y.), Fall 1990, at 1.




n161.  See N.Y. Envtl. Conserv. Law 54-0509(2) (McKinney Supp. 1996).




n162.  See Management Plan 1995/96 Update, supra note 99, at 32.




n163.  See id. at 37.




n164.  See Div. of Solid Waste, New York State Dep't of Envtl. Conserv., Draft
New York State Solid Waste Management Plan 1989-90 Update 15 (1989) [hereinafter
Draft Management Plan 1989-90].




n165.  See id.




n166.  See Report to Author from Chief, Bureau of Program Management, DEC
(3/96).




n167.  See Management Plan 1995/96 Update, supra note 99, at 17.




n168.  40 C.F.R. 257-258 (1995).




n169.  See Standards of Performance for Municipal Waste Cumbustors, 60 Fed. Reg.
243, 65437 (1995).




n170.  See Standards of Performance for New Stationary Sources and Guidelines
for Control of Existing Sources: Municipal Solid Waste Landfills, 61 Fed. Reg.
49, 9905, 9907 (1996). According to the regulation, "[a] well-designed and well-
operated gas collection system would, at a minimum: (1) Be capable of handling
the maximum expected gas generation rate; (2) have a design capable of
monitoring and adjusting the operation of the system; and (3) be able to collect
gas effectively from all areas of the landfill that warrant control." Id. at
9907.






n171.  See Draft Management Plan 1989-1990 Update, supra note 164, at 7.




n172.  10 N.Y. St. Reg. 46, at 15-19; N.Y. Comp. Codes R. & Regs. tit. 6, 360-2,
360-12 (1995).




n173.  Management Plan 1993/94 Update, supra note 95, at 65; see also N.Y. Comp.
Codes R. & Regs. tit. 6, 360-1.15 (1995) (current codification of beneficial use
regulations).




n174.  See Management Plan 1993/94 Update, supra note 95, at 65.




n175.  N.Y. Comp. Codes R. & Regs. tit. 6, 360-2.11 (1995).




n176.  See id. at 360-2.12.




n177.  See id. at 360-1.8.




n178.  See id. at 360-1.15.




n179.  See Management Plan 1993/1994 Update, supra note 95, at 65.




n180.  See State of New York: Final Determination of Adequacy of State/Tribal
Municipal Solid Waste Permit Program, 60 Fed. Reg. 13,722, 13,723 (1995).




n181.  N.Y. Comp. Codes R. & Regs. tit. 6, 360-15 (1995).




n182.  See N.Y. Comp. Codes R. & Regs. tit. 6, 368.5 (1995).




n183.  See N.Y. Comp. Codes R. & Regs. tit. 6, 368.4 (1995).




n184.  See e.g., C & A Carbone Inc. v. Town of Clarkstown, N.Y., 511 U.S. 383
(1994) (deciding the constitutionality of a town ordinance requiring that solid
waste be processed or handled at town's transfer station); Oregon Waste Systems
Inc. v. Envtl. Quality Comm'n of Oregon, 511 U.S. 93 (1994) (holding Oregon's
per ton surcharge on disposal of out-of-town waste violative of commerce
clause); Fort Gratiot Sanitary Landfill, Inc. v. Michigan Dep't of Natural
Resources, 504 U.S. 353 (1992) (holding that Michigan's statute prohibiting the
acceptance of out-of-county solid waste violated the Commerce Clause).




n185.  Carbone, 511 U.S. 383.




n186.  See id. at 386. In this case, the local ordinance required that any waste
processed or handled within the town be processed or handled at the transfer
station. Id. The purpose of this regulation was to ensure that the town's
transfer station retain the processing fee. See id. The court found this
regulation to violate the Commerce Clause because "it attained this goal by
depriving competitors, including out-of-state firms, of access to a local
market...." Id.




n187.  See Rockefeller Report, supra note 32, at 75 (citing to New York State
Solid Waste Management Board, Report to the Governor and Legislature:
Recommendations to Increase Reductions/ Reuse/ Recycling in New York State, Jan.
1995, at 13).




n188.  See Testimony Before the New York State Senate and Assembly on the Need
for Flow Control in the Wake of the U.S. Supreme Court Decisions: Carbone v.
Clarkson, 217th Reg. Sess. 2 (NY 1994) [hereinafter Testimony] (statement of
Herbert A. Smith Jr., Esq.).




n189.  More than half of the 37 communities in New York State which are
authorized by the State Legislature to enact flow control legislation obtained
that authority after 1987. Almost 15 million of the State's 18 million citizens
reside in those 37 municipalities.




n190.  Testimony, supra note 188, at 7-10 (statement of Eric D. Swenson,
President NYS Association for Solid Waste Management).




n191.  See Management Plan 1995/1996 Update, supra note 99, at 42-43;
Rockefeller Report, supra note 32, at 75.




n192.  See Testimony, supra note 188, at 5 (statement of Langdon Marsh, Acting
Commissioner, DEC).




n193.  See Management Plan 1995/1996 Update, supra note 99, at 43.




n194.  See id. at 43.




n195.  SSC Corp. v. Town of Smithtown, 66 F.3d 502 (2d Cir. 1995), cert. denied,
116 S.Ct. 911 (1996).




n196.  USA Recycling, Inc., v. Town of Babylon, 66 F.3d 1272 (2d Cir. 1995),
cert. denied, 116 S.Ct. 1419 (1996) (court reviewed U.S.A. Recycling Inc.),
cert. denied, 116 S.Ct. 1452 (1996) (court reviewed AA & M Carting Service
Inc.).




n197.  66 F.3d at 1276.




n198.  See Hughes v. Alexandria Scrap Corp., 426 U.S. 794, 809-10 (1976)
(holding that the amendment to Maryland statute providing for the transferring
of inoperable automobiles, "hulks", was not violative of the commerce clause,
because Maryland did not prohibit the interstate flow of hulks but rather became
a market participant by offering business incentives).




n199.  166 S.Ct. 911.




n200.  Management Plan 1995/95 Update, supra note 99, at 45.




n201.  City of Chicago v. Environmental Defense Fund, Inc., 511 U.S. 328 (1994).




n202.  See 114 S.Ct. at 1592 (noting that "clarification of household waste
exclusion" - 3001(i) addition to RCRA "does not explicitly exempt ... ash
generated by a resource recovery facility from regulation as a hazardous
waste").




n203.  See Management Plan 1995/96 Update, supra note 99, at 46.




n204.  See id. at 27.




n205.  See N.Y. Envtl. Conserv. Law 27-0900 (McKinney 1984 & Supp. 1996).




n206.  See Amendment to the Solid Waste Disposal Act, S. 2345, 103rd Cong.
(1994); Amendment to the Solid Waste Disposal Act, H.R. 3706, 103rd Cong.
(1993); Amendment to the Solid Waste Disposal Act, S. 2468, 101st Cong. (1990);
H.R. 3577, 101st Cong. (1989).




n207.  S. 534, 104th Cong. (1995). See Mangement Plan 1995/96 Update, supra note
99, at 40-41.




n208.  Management Plan 1995/96 Update, supra note 99, at 46. See S. 534, 104th
Cong. 101 (1995).




n209.  S. 534, 104th Cong. 101 (1995).




n210.  Id.




n211.  Management Plan 1995/96 Update, supra note 99, at 46.




n212.  See H.R. 1085, 104th Cong. (1995); Management Plan 1995/96 Update, supra
note 99, at 41.




n213.  See H.R. 1085, 104th Cong. 2(b) (1995) (setting limitations on a state
flow control authority).




n214.  See EPA Decision-Makers' Guide to Solid Waste Management, Volume II, at
iii (1995).


                              955 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                            December 9, 2008 Tuesday

State panel recommends approval of Redwood Landfill permit

BYLINE: Richard Halstead and Nels Johnson

SECTION: MARIN; Novato; News

LENGTH: 500 words


A new permit that would allow the Redwood Landfill in Novato to expand and
operate another 16 years passed a hurdle in Sacramento Tuesday at the same time
Marin County supervisors set the stage for a hearing on the permit's alleged
inadequacies.

As matters stand now, the local hearing on the permit would occur Dec. 19, three
days after state officials decide whether to grant the permit final approval.

Marin environmental groups have cited a host of problems with the permit, which
would allow Houston-based Waste Management Inc. to boost capacity at the
landfill by 6 million cubic yards to a total capacity of 25 million cubic yards.
The landfill is surrounded on three sides by the Petaluma River, San Antonio
Creek and other wetlands that lead into San Francisco Bay.

Critics have found fault with the permit's greenhouse reduction and flood
protection plans, and they say there are not adequate assurances Marin taxpayers
won't get stuck with the bill if toxic leachate stored in the landfill escapes
due to flooding or an earthquake.

Environmentalists say the county's environmental health services director, Phil
Smith, erred when he deemed the permit "complete and correct" in October and
forwarded it to the state Integrated Waste Management Board for final review.
They appealed that decision to the Marin County Board of Supervisors.

Although up to three county supervisors could have reviewed the appeal
themselves, the Board of Supervisors Tuesday chose instead to spend $25,000 to
hire attorney Thomas Bruen, vice chairman of the American Bar Association's
Committee on Waste Management, to issue a ruling. Bruen, who has wide experience
in landfill projects with public and private clients, serves as general counsel
to the South Lake Tahoe Basin Waste Management Authority and the Salinas Valley
Waste Management Authority.

Christopher Gilkerson, head of the Green Coalition for Responsible Waste
Resource Management, a group opposed to expansion plans, noted Bruen was picked
by county staff to review a county staff decision.

"That's not fair," Gilkerson said.

Supervisor Judy Arnold said that some members of the community would be
satisfied only if officials closed down the landfill.

"The appointment of a hearing officer takes it out of the political arena,"
Arnold said.

At the same time in Sacramento, a committee of the state waste board, consisting
of three of the board's members, reviewed the permit and gave it the green light
to go to the full board Tuesday for a final vote.

Ted Rauh, who oversees the state waste board's compliance and mitigation
program, said many of the issues that critics have raised exceed the board's
jurisdiction.

"By state statute, it does not deal with air or water issues. Those are the
purviews of other agencies," Rauh said.

Said Gilkerson, "That's really why this process doesn't work at all."

Contact Richard Halstead via e-mail at rhalstead@marinij.com and Nels Johnson at
ij.civiccenter@gmail.com

Read more Novato stories at the IJ's Novato section.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2008 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                              956 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                      Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 15, 2014 Saturday

EBRD to finance Georgian waste management project

BYLINE: Nana Kirtzkhalia, Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 236 words


Feb. 15--TBILISI, Georgia -- The European Bank for Reconstruction and
Development (EBRD) will allocate some 14 million euros for work on solid waste
management in Kvemo Kartli. This was announced at the meeting with EBRD
representatives at Georgia's Ministry of Regional Development and
Infrastructure.

Around 4 million euros will be allocated to Georgia as a grant and10 million
euros as a long-term loan, the Finance Ministry said on Feb.14.

Solid Waste Management of Georgia expressed readiness to actively be involved in
the project and to carry out work at a high-level.

The work on the relevant agreement will begin soon and will be completed by late
2014.

The European Bank also expressed desire to participate in construction of a
cableway in Chiatura. Nevertheless, it turned out that the Georgian side is
holding negotiations with the French on this issue.

After consultation with the Georgian Finance Ministry, an announcement will be
made as to whether the EBRD will join the project or not.

The representatives of the European Bank also held negotiations at the Municipal
Development Fund.

The negotiations touched upon the cooperation of public and private sectors and
the energy efficiency. The parties agreed on further cooperation.

Translated by L.Z.

Edited by C.N.

___ (c)2014 Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan) Visit Trend News Agency (Baku,
Azerbaijan) at en.trend.az Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140215-1AZ-EBRD-to-finance-Georgian-waste-management
-project-0215-20140215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AZ


                                 Copyright 2014


                              957 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           December 18, 2012 Tuesday

Cambodia : Community Environment of Solid Waste Management and Livelihood
Improvement Project (CELIP) in Phnom Penh and Kampong Speu province

LENGTH: 159  words


Grantee: Community Sanitation and Recycling Organization
Country: Cambodia
Area Of Work:Chemicals
Operational Phase: Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 49,990.00
Co-Financing in-Kind: US$ 83,815.60
Project Number:  KHM/SGP/OP5/Y2/CORE/CH/2012/01
Start Date: 1/2013
End Date: 6/2014
Details : Community Environment of Solid Waste Management and Livelihood
Improvement Project (CELIP) in Phnom Penh and Kampong Speu province. The project
is aiming at dissemination of solid waste management by using those wastes for
compost production which can contribute to reduce 0.21% greenhouse gases per
year and increase income of selected project beneficiaries by 20 % from
participated in producing compost and using compost fertilizer for their
rice/crop production. This project also encourage the scavengers and poor farmer
to form as Saving group and self-help groups which can help those vulnerable
group to create other options for their livelihood.



country :Cambodia
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2012 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              958 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     INTELLIGENCER JOURNAL (LANCASTER, PA.)

                           December 6, 2005, Tuesday

Leaf burn ban OK'd, grudgingly

BYLINE: MADELYN PENNINO

SECTION: B; Pg. 01

LENGTH: 697  words


East Lampeter Township Supervisors Monday night unanimously adopted an ordinance
that bans the open burning of yard waste, but they hinted the new law might not
be strictly enforced. The new Solid Waste & Recycling Ordinance makes it illegal
to burn leaves, branches and other yard waste and requires garbage contractors
who want to work in the township to remove yard waste if a homeowner so desires.
Farmers with more than 10 acres are exempt from the ordinance. Chairman Glenn
Eberly told a packed audience he doesn't like the law but said the board's hands
are tied.

"Most of you are unhappy with it, including myself," Eberly said, "but we are at
the mercy of our lawmakers." Supervisor Don Winters said the new ordinance isn't
much different from an ordinance already in place. "Burning has been on the
books for years," Winters said. "There are very few times that leaves can be
burned. It's not a lot different than our current ordinance." Winters said if
some residents would stop complaining about open burning, it probably could
continue. Eberly said DEP recycling and planning coordinator Mark Vottero told
supervisors last spring his objective was to get the ordinance on paper. "Mr.
Vottero said, 'Put it on the books. Whether you enforce it or not is up to you,'
" Eberly said. Had the township not passed the ordinance, it would have lost
approximately $200,000 from a state recycling grant indexed to how much it
recycles. Supervisor David Buckwalter asked Township Manager Ralph Hutchison if
there would have been other penalties - apart from the loss of the grant money -
for failing to pass the ordinance. "I expect there would be," Hutchison said.
"But I don't know what they are." Steve Feinberg, of 857 Willow Road, said the
ordinance contradicts environmentally safe practices. "What I don't understand
is that we're using a series of trucks that are using diesel fuel to collect
refuse that is biodegradable," Feinberg said. "It doesn't make sense. It's an
oxymoron." The state Department of Environmental Protection is insisting
municipalities of a certain size adopt a waste-management ordinance banning the
burning of recyclable leaf waste such as branches, leaves, garden residue and
tree trimmings. The ordinance was written by Lancaster Solid Waste Authority
last spring at the urging of the DEP. Residents are expected to begin adhering
to the ordinance by the beginning of next month. According to Act 101, a state
law adopted in 1988, leaf waste must be recycled in municipalities with more
than 10,000 people. The DEP asked East Lampeter to adopt the ordinance first
because the agency had received numerous complaints from local residents about
open burning. But township resident and environmental activist Fred Daum, of
2142 New Holland Pike, said open burning is legal according to the Pennsylvania
Code. The code reads, "No persons may permit open burning of material in an air
basin," with several exceptions, including "(a) fire set in conjunction with the
production of agricultural commodities in their unmanufactured state on the
premises of the farm operation" and "(a) fire set for the purpose of burning
domestic refuse, when the fire is on the premises of a structure occupied solely
as a dwelling by two families or less and when the refuse results from the
normal occupancy of the structure." Daum asked, "Why are the DEP and the
township trying to overturn state law?" Eberly replied, "I don't have an answer
for that." Eberly said he was unable in his research to find answers to many of
his own questions, which irritated residents. Nellie Ahl of Mill Crossing Road
said supervisors shouldn't consider the ordinance because more information is
needed. "Before any rules or regulations are passed, we need more details," Ahl
said. "This is way too vague." Ahl, who lives on a large property with many
trees, said it wouldn't be possible for a trash hauler to take away the amount
of leaves she has in her yard. "(Burning) is the only way," she said. Residents
strongly suggested East Lampeter be a "first-class township" and take over leaf
collection. "At this point we are not doing that," Eberly said. "I'm not ready
to do that."

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              959 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                            Lowell Sun (Lowell, MA)

                           January 13, 2005 Thursday

Restrictions are removed on remaining flu shots

SECTION: TODAY'S HEADLINES

LENGTH: 485 words


BOSTON All remaining flu shots are now available to anyone seeking protection
this season, the state announced yesterday.

Department of Public Health Commissioner Christine Ferguson said yesterday that
the majority of individuals at highest risk of suffering complications from the
flu have been vaccinated.

The new guidelines, effective immediately, replace restrictions announced last
month.

Based upon recent information on the current supply of vaccine, DPH has
determined that the influenza vaccine should be made more widely available.

Flu activity in Massachusetts has increased after the holiday season, Ferguson
said.

As of last week, the state lab has received 2,500 confirmed reports of flu
cases.

For more information, [866] 627-7968. For additional steps you can take to
protect yourself from the flu, go to www.mass.gov/dph/flu

Romney outraised more than possible rival Reilly in 2004

BOSTON Gov. Mitt Romney edged potential Democratic gubernatorial rival Thomas
Reilly in fund raising in 2004, raking in nearly $1.6 million to the attorney
general's $1.1 million.

On Monday, Reilly announced his fund-raising totals from last year, saying 3,583
individuals donated to his campaign. As of Jan. 5, campaign finance reports
filed by Romney show the Republican governor hauled in $1,587,304 in campaign
donations in 2004. Reilly holds an advantage of cash on hand, reporting a war
chest of $2.2 million to Romney's $1.3 million.

Several local communities earn DEP recycling grants

BOSTON The Department of Environmental Protection announced today that 114
cities, towns and regional recycling groups will receive a total of more than
$583,000 in municipal recycling education and equipment grants to promote waste
reduction and recycling.

Also, 11 municipalities that are hoping to implement "pay-as-you-throw"
solid-waste management programs this year, including Townsend, have been awarded
funding, which would be used by the communities to help finance the program
start-up costs.

Also known as unit-based pricing, "pay-as-you-throw" is a system in which
residents pay for municipal solid-waste management services based on how many
bags or barrels of trash they discard rather than only through a fixed fee or
property tax. Recycling and composting collection are provided at no charge to
residents.

Townsend will receive $12,958 for its pay-as-you-throw program.

Recycling equipment grants awarded include assistance to 11 municipal
multifamily, school and business recycling programs; 53 curbside programs; 40
composting programs and two public spaces recycling programs.

The following communities received recycling grants: Ayer, $695; Chelmsford,
$2,714; Concord, $1,900; Dracut, $2,114; Groton, $997; Lowell, $10,756;
Tewksbury, $525; Westford, $550; and Wilmington, $1,587.

SUN STATEHOUSE BUREAU

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                                 Copyright 2005


                              960 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Marlborough Express (New Zealand)

                             April 27, 2015 Monday

Waste plant gets government assistance

BYLINE: HEATHER SIMPSON

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 502 words


A new commercial and industrial waste sorting plant in Blenheim that will divert
60 per cent of materials from landfill by reusing or recycling them has received
a government grant of $776,000.

Marlborough District Council could become the first local authority in New
Zealand to build the $3 million sorting plant.

During a tour of council's Resource Recovery Centre, Environment Minister Nick
Smith announced the funding package from the waste minimisation fund.

The plant will be able to process up to 12,000 tonnes of mixed waste a year and
divert 8000 tonnes from landfill by 2017.

The sorting plant would add 13 years to the lifespan of Bluegums landfill, south
of Blenheim.

It will target suitable skip waste and bins from transfer stations.

The plant will accept mixed loads of waste and sort cardboard, plastic, glass,
metal, brick, soil, rubble, wood and plasterboard for re-use or recycling.
Anything else would be diverted to landfill.

Smith said the grant supported innovation in waste management by diverting more
material from landfill and ensured Marlborough and New Zealand lived up to their
clean, green brand.

Smith said the plant would make Marlborough at the cutting edge of waste
management.

"Generally the government doesn't contribute to councils to run recycling but we
are keen to fund this type of facility because it pushes the boundary. They got
the dosh because this project stacks up. By council going the extra mile will
hopefully encourage others to step up.

"Marlborough is important to New Zealand's clean, green brand, being the main
home of our wine and mussel exports, and a popular tourism destination with the
stunning Marlborough Sounds. However, the region's current management of waste
needs to be stepped up. I commend the Marlborough council on this initiative,
which will place it at the forefront of better waste management in New Zealand."

The plant would be funded by a gate fee of $110 per tonne. None of the costs
would come from rates.

Council solid waste manager Alec McNeil said the public were increasingly
becoming aware that materials going to landfill was a waste.

These materials had a resale value.

Untreated wood could be sold back to the community or shredded and composted.
Rubble, wood offcuts and bathroom-ware could be sold through the council's
salvage yard. Salvaged brick made good upfill material, and chipboard could be
shredded and composted.

Treated wooden posts used in the wine industry could also be onsold.

Building work on the plant on Wither Rd was due to start next January, with
full-scale operation scheduled for October 2016.

Christchurch-based Metallic Sweeping would operate the plant.

McNeil said once volumes were established the company could start developing
supplier demand.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Environment Minister Nick Smith, left. with Marlborough District Council solid
waste manager Alec McNeil at the Blenheim transfer station, which may become a
$3 million commercial and industrial waste sorting plant.

Picture: HEATHER SIMPSON

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              961 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     Sun Journal (New Bern, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

Aldermen again to discuss selling Dunn Building

BYLINE: Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 575 words


Sept. 22--The New Bern Board of Aldermen again will discuss the possible sale of
the city-owned Dunn Building at 248 Craven St. on Tuesday during a special
called closed session at City Hall before the regular session at 7 p.m.

Negotiations over the Dunn Building have been ongoing between the city attorney
and representatives for JACKMA LLC since last month. JACKMA's initial offer for
the Dunn Building was $700,000, plus $5,000 moving fee for the city staff now
using the building.

City officials have had the Dunn Building appraised at $800,000. According to
Craven County's property tax records, the building, which was constructed in
1922, and its .48-acre lot have a combined tax value of $1.535 million.

JACKMA is a limited liability company owned by Robert Strickland, a local
businessman and investor. JACKMA's plans for the Dunn Building are to have
retail and possibly a restaurant on the first floor and condominiums on the
second, third and fourth floors, the company's attorney said at an August board
meeting.

On Tuesday, aldermen also will conduct a public hearing to consider amending a
2012 Community Development Block Grant N.C. Catalyst Grant Program. The $500,000
grant was initially earmarked to rehabilitate three homes, clear and reconstruct
three other houses and install two green drainage facilities. But that proposal
had to be abandoned.

The new proposal is to remove two houses, at 817 N. Craven St. and 1004 Colony
Drive, and address two or three properties in a priority list that includes 2004
Moore Ave., 715 Miller Ave., 911 Green St., 2009 McKinley Ave., 735 Bern St.,
613 Second Ave., 2310 New Bern Ave., 1121 Church St. and 1501 Hazel Ave. It also
proposes removing two smaller green drainage facilities from the original
program and approving the construction of a green drainage facility behind the
Stanley White Recreation Center.

The board also will consider adopting a resolution approving a leachate (liquid
that drains from a landfill) disposal agreement with the Coastal Regional Solid
Waste Management Authority and a Memorandum of Understanding with Coastal
Regional Solid Waste Management Authority for leachate force main construction.

Also, the board will consider closing out two project funds: the $500,000 Union
Station Depot Grant Project and the $2.190 million Lewis Farm electric
substation project.

The Union Station Depot Grant Project came in $27,871 under budget, and the
substation project came in $278,892 under budget, according to city staff.

The depot project was funded by a $400,000 Federal Highway Administration grant
and a $100,000 N.C. Department of Transportation grant. An additional $11,824
was provided by the N.C. Railroad Co.

The substation project was funded by with a $2,190,000 loan.

Other items include a presentation on 2014 MS Bike Tour and a presentation on
the 150th Anniversary of the North Carolina Conference of AME Zion Churches;
approval of the Police Civil Service Board Register; resolutions to close the
200 and 300 blocks of South Front Street from 8 to 11 a.m. and the 200 block of
East Front Street from 5 to 9 a.m. on Oct. 18 for the 2014 Neuse River Bridge
Run, and the 1300 block of Bay Street from 8:30 a.m. until 4 p.m. Oct. 5 for the
Feast of Abraham Celebration; and to consider amending various grant funds.

___ (c)2014 the Sun Journal (New Bern, N.C.) Visit the Sun Journal (New Bern,
N.C.) at http://www.newbernsj.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140922-NS-Aldermen-again-to-discuss-selling-Dunn-Building-0922-20140922

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                           Copyright 2014 Sun Journal


                              962 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     Sun Journal (New Bern, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 21, 2014 Sunday

Aldermen again to discuss selling Dunn Building

BYLINE: Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 575 words


Sept. 21--The New Bern Board of Aldermen again will discuss the possible sale of
the city-owned Dunn Building at 248 Craven St. on Tuesday during a special
called closed session at City Hall before the regular session at 7 p.m.

Negotiations over the Dunn Building have been ongoing between the city attorney
and representatives for JACKMA LLC since last month. JACKMA's initial offer for
the Dunn Building was $700,000, plus $5,000 moving fee for the city staff now
using the building.

City officials have had the Dunn Building appraised at $800,000. According to
Craven County's property tax records, the building, which was constructed in
1922, and its .48-acre lot have a combined tax value of $1.535 million.

JACKMA is a limited liability company owned by Robert Strickland, a local
businessman and investor. JACKMA's plans for the Dunn Building are to have
retail and possibly a restaurant on the first floor and condominiums on the
second, third and fourth floors, the company's attorney said at an August board
meeting.

On Tuesday, aldermen also will conduct a public hearing to consider amending a
2012 Community Development Block Grant N.C. Catalyst Grant Program. The $500,000
grant was initially earmarked to rehabilitate three homes, clear and reconstruct
three other houses and install two green drainage facilities. But that proposal
had to be abandoned.

The new proposal is to remove two houses, at 817 N. Craven St. and 1004 Colony
Drive, and address two or three properties in a priority list that includes 2004
Moore Ave., 715 Miller Ave., 911 Green St., 2009 McKinley Ave., 735 Bern St.,
613 Second Ave., 2310 New Bern Ave., 1121 Church St. and 1501 Hazel Ave. It also
proposes removing two smaller green drainage facilities from the original
program and approving the construction of a green drainage facility behind the
Stanley White Recreation Center.

The board also will consider adopting a resolution approving a leachate (liquid
that drains from a landfill) disposal agreement with the Coastal Regional Solid
Waste Management Authority and a Memorandum of Understanding with Coastal
Regional Solid Waste Management Authority for leachate force main construction.

Also, the board will consider closing out two project funds: the $500,000 Union
Station Depot Grant Project and the $2.190 million Lewis Farm electric
substation project.

The Union Station Depot Grant Project came in $27,871 under budget, and the
substation project came in $278,892 under budget, according to city staff.

The depot project was funded by a $400,000 Federal Highway Administration grant
and a $100,000 N.C. Department of Transportation grant. An additional $11,824
was provided by the N.C. Railroad Co.

The substation project was funded by with a $2,190,000 loan.

Other items include a presentation on 2014 MS Bike Tour and a presentation on
the 150th Anniversary of the North Carolina Conference of AME Zion Churches;
approval of the Police Civil Service Board Register; resolutions to close the
200 and 300 blocks of South Front Street from 8 to 11 a.m. and the 200 block of
East Front Street from 5 to 9 a.m. on Oct. 18 for the 2014 Neuse River Bridge
Run, and the 1300 block of Bay Street from 8:30 a.m. until 4 p.m. Oct. 5 for the
Feast of Abraham Celebration; and to consider amending various grant funds.

___ (c)2014 the Sun Journal (New Bern, N.C.) Visit the Sun Journal (New Bern,
N.C.) at http://www.newbernsj.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140921-NS-Aldermen-again-to-discuss-selling-Dunn-Building-0921-20140921

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                           Copyright 2014 Sun Journal


                              963 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                          February 21, 2007 Wednesday

QUETTA & SOLID WASTE POLLUTION

LENGTH: 681 words


In Quetta city the solid waste in the municipal area is disposed off in this
manner, firstly garbage and rubbish are collected in drums at house hold level
then it is brought out either by family member of by sweepers to the road
dustbin or container and dustbins / road dustbins or containers are emptied by
the permanent labour of municipal corporation and taken out by trucks and
tractors then dustbins are disposed off in the trenching rooms 13 km away from
Quetta. The corporation auctions them after every three months. In the absence
of municipal collection points citizens throw the domestic waste around the
corner of their street or on the street then unquantified amount of domestic
solid waste finds their way directly into sewerage system.

Further more, the hospital waste are not properly incinerated or dumped even
find their way into sewerage system. It is common to see dogs, cows/bulls, sheep
and goats making a party on the waste dumps due to this number of disease are
caused of improper system of solid waste collection and disposal. Seeing the
seriousness of the water sewerage and drainage system with great foresight and
wisdom the President of Pakistan, General Pervez Musharraf took a personal keen
interest to improve the deteriorating situation in Quetta city and allocated
special grant of Rupees Eight Billions for its environmental improvement.

The project Quetta Water Supply & Environmental Improvement Project (QWSEIP) was
approved by the Executive Committee of The National Economic Council (ECNEC)
that is being implemented by a special committee The Project Management Unit
(PMU) also called the client headed by Major (Retd) Rao Shakeel Ahmed. Project
Director QWSEIP the physical work has been given to the National Construction
Limited (NCL) and the technical consultancy awarded to the National Engineering
Services Pakistan (NESPAK) who is the consultant, where as NESPAK has hired the
services of Society Environmental Awareness, a local NGO of Balochistan to
implement the Mass Awareness Campaign and Social Aid, another local NGO of
Balochistan.

Under this project for the sewerage network component Rs 1368.28 Millions and
for the drainage rehabilitations component Rs 165.00 millions have been
allocated .When the solid waste pollution in Quetta City has been resolved it
will greatly benefit the end users, the general public , who should always
remember the name of General Pervez Musharraf as the savoir who has given lease
of life to the people of Quetta.

The municipal corporations and committees should involve local communities and
existing scavengers to develop a proper total refuse collection and disposal
system in the Quetta .they should make the solid waste management system self
financing or at least affordable by proper recycling of materials and energy
through waste programs. They should privatise the solid waste management and
ensure collection and transportation of household waste by involving people
through their CBOS. They should give incentives to scavengers such as provision
of safety kits and health facilities and develop proper sanitary landfill sites
at dumping grounds they should ensure regular street sweeping and drain cleaning
at neighbour hood level by involving people through NGOs, CBOs and VBOs.

Environmental protection agencies should organize the recycling and reusing on a
private basis through NGOs and developing awareness for waste separations at
domestic level . EPA should promote energy from waste such as Bio-gas plants by
private sector. NGOS and CBOS should develop mechanism for separation of waste
at domestic level and initiate cleanliness campaigns through walks & seminars.
Health department should collect and incinerate hospital waste separately.
Education institutes should introduce environmental concern and clean
environmental practices in the syllabus of school education and involve school
students in the cleanliness campaigns. Electronic Media and newspapers use mass
media to create environmental awareness among people and promote clean habits at
household level.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regional Policy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                      Copyright 2007 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              964 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       MAY 9, 1999 Sunday CNORTH EDITION

FALLS CREEK MAY AGAIN BE NICE SPOT FOR A STROLL / A $48,900 GRANT WILL BE USED
TO RESTORE A SECTION OF MARTIN'S CREEK FOR WATER QUALITY, WILDLIFE AND PARK
VISITORS.

BYLINE: Lewis Kamb, INQUIRER SUBURBAN STAFF

SECTION: NEIGHBORS BUCKS; Pg. BC01

LENGTH: 478 words

DATELINE: FALLS


A long-neglected stretch of shoreline along Martin's Creek will be restored to
improve water quality and nurture wildlife under a $48,900 state grant awarded
to a local environmental group.

The state Department of Environmental Protection recently awarded the money to
the Heritage Conservancy of Doylestown, which applied to pay for repairs to the
creek bank under the Watershed Restoration and Assistance Program. It was the
only such grant awarded to a Bucks County project this year.

About 450 feet of shoreline will be restored where Martin's Creek winds south
near the Delaware Canal within the expansive Falls Community Park now under
construction off Mill Creek Road.

The money will be used to buy plants, soil and other material to rebuild the
bank's natural slope, stabilize it, and restore vegetation to filter trickling
creek water and help prevent stream-bank erosion. The restored vegetation also
will provide habitat for birds and other animals native to Martin's Creek.

"Many birds and other species have been displaced from there over the years,"
said Nancy Minich, director of land planning and design for the Heritage
Conservancy.

For years, soil was removed from the area of the creek for a landfill operation,
stripping its banks of vegetation, eliminating habitat necessary for aquatic
birds and other wildlife to flourish, Minich said. "An invasive species of plant
has since consumed much of the stream bank," she said.

The land, valued at $1 million, now belongs to Falls Township, which acquired it
for $1 in late 1995 in a deal with Waste Management Inc. that allowed the
company to expand a nearby landfill.

Township officials since have used annual landfill fees and other money paid by
the company to plan and construct part of a 228-acre park around Martin's Lake
and the creek that feeds it. About $2 million was spent in 1998 and another $2
million is budgeted for this year. The park plan includes ball fields, picnic
areas, a trail and other public facilities.

Project planners hope the park's setting will allow them to showcase their work
and spread a message of watershed preservation. "We want people who use the park
to see the project and realize its importance," Minich said.

A 100-foot loop trail will allow park users to walk to the creek bank and view
the project's progress, Minich said. A sign also will be posted to explain the
project and its importance to the ecosystem, she said.

Three groups of Pennsbury High School science students have been enlisted to
plant shrubs, rake soil and do other work from May 24 through 28, Minich said.
Project officials are seeking more volunteers to help complete restoration work
by a June 30 deadline.

Those interested in volunteering are asked to call the Falls Township Parks and
Recreation Department at 215-949-9000, Ext. 220.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              965 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      June 20, 1994, Monday, City Edition

County looks at choices in recycling; do your bit

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; LETTERS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 768 words



Editor: This is in response to a recent letter by Ms. Kozlowski on recycling  in
Hernando County. The letter was printed in your May 25 edition.

In May, Spring Hill residents within the Solid Waste Mandatory District
received a survey with their Waste Management of Pasco bills. The County
Commission initiated the survey to evaluate ongoing residential recycling
programs and recycling needs.

The survey, funded by Waste Management of Pasco, will indicate to Hernando
County government if residents in that area are willing to pay $ 2.50 to $ 3.50

 a month for curbside recycling and if the current drop-off recycling centers
are adequate for residents' needs.

If the curbside recycling program is implemented, the items collected would  be
the same ones collected at the Recycling Drop-off Center (clear, green and
amber glass; plastic soda and milk bottles; steel cans; newspapers; and
aluminum cans). Although there are other items coded as recyclable, the state
does not have a market for them.

Accordingly, transporting these items out of state would be extremely  costly
and would increase the monthly charge for curbside collection and/or  the annual
solid waste assessment fee. As markets for these items are created,  waste
management staff intends to recycle them.

Recyclables, once collected, are sorted and baled by the Hernando  Association
of Retarded Citizens at the county's recycled-materials processing  center. The
material is then sold to the best possible market with 50 percent  of revenue
paid to HARC. The county uses the remaining 50 percent to offset  its costs of
transportation and operation, and maintenance of recycling  programs and
equipment.

The county is recycling approximately 300 tons a month; however, the  revenues
do not cover the cost of operations - recycling is not profitable  business.
Recycling is, however, an environmental issue that will reduce the  amount of
solid waste put in landfills. County governments are required to  recycle
materials that cost to process and market but do not produce revenues.

The advanced disposal fee collected at all stores is directed by Florida  under
the Solid Waste Management Act of 1988. The money collected is intended  for use
as the Legislature directs for many different projects and may  continue to fund
future recycling and education grants to counties.

A 30 percent recycling rate is mandated by law. However, whether to recycle  is
an important environmental decision each of us must make. Our goals for
recycling can only be met if everyone does his part. If anyone has recycling
questions, please call the waste management division at 754-4112.

Donald R. Post

solid waste operations manager

Waste Management Division

Hernando County Utilities Department

Garden club thanks contributors

   Editor: Members of the Spring Hill Garden Club wish to thank all who
contributed to our volunteer members who have been collecting money at the
Spring Hill Drive and Northcliffe Boulevard entrances.

A special thank you to the young woman in a Publix uniform who gave all the
money she had and apologized for not giving more, to the little girl who made
her mom stop so she could give all her pennies, and to the man in the black
Corvette who when he was thanked, said, "No, I thank you people for all you
do."

It's so nice to know people appreciate our efforts. Your generosity will  pay
for a new plant compound and botanical garden on Parker Avenue next to the  new
firehouse.

Our plant nursery is now next to the civic association building. Sales of
plants, shrubs and trees from 9 a.m. to noon Mondays and Wednesdays pay for  the
beautification of the Spring Hill Drive and Northcliffe Boulevard  entrances
year-round.

I thank all the members who braved sun, rain, heat and construction at  Spring
Hill Drive to help our club.

And thank you again to our wonderful Spring Hill residents and friends.

Gloria Nadeau, president

Spring Hill Garden Club Inc.

Thanks for a successful Bowl-A-Thon

   Editor: The Hernando Association for Retarded Citizens' Bowl-A-Thon was a
rousing success.

We wish to thank all who participated. A special thank you to Ron Pitts for  the
use of his bowling center in Brooksville.

Also, a big thank you to all our sponsors, to the fund-raiser chairwomen,
Eunice Compton and Pauline Williams, and to all the bowlers and those who
supported them with pledges.

Mark Berry, executive director

HARC, Brooksville

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

TYPE: LETTER

                            Times Publishing Company


                              966 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         The Lovell Chronicle (Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 August 1, 2013

Board mulls options on future of county trash

BYLINE: The Lovell Chronicle staff

LENGTH: 708  words


After approving their annual budget (see related story), the Big Horn County
Solid Waste District Board discussed legal issues and options for the future of
Big Horn County's landfill and trash during the July 16 meeting.

Commissioner Keith Grant said he recently spoke to Craig McComie, Wyoming
Department of Environmental Quality Integrated Solid Waste Management and State
Recycling coordinator. He said McComie suggested the county put in an
application for a transfer station in the north end, in addition to the
application they have already filed for a transfer station for the south
landfill.

Grant said McComie would like to bring people together again to begin discussing
a regional landfill for the Big Horn Basin.

"I think Park County is having second thoughts in our discussions we've had with
them," Grant said. Park County had pulled out of the initial regional landfill
discussions a few years ago.

Grant also noted that there is some uncertainty about the county's non-lined
status. He said Park County is contesting the DEQ ruling of Big Horn County not
having to have a lined landfill. Park County has until Aug. 1 to let the DEQ
know if they are moving forward with the appeal of the unlined ruling.

If they proceed, a hearing will be conducted in November. Grant said that while
the DEQ will be representing Big Horn County's interests, he does not know how
well the county will be represented in the hearing.

If the hearing goes against the county, the county would be forced to line the
landfill, which is very expensive.

Grant said Park County said they would drop the appeal of the lining rule if the
county would ensure it would not take Powell's waste after 2013.

"What do we feel the real opportunity is to get Powell's waste for another year
when Billings is offering $30 per ton?" Grant asked.

Another factor to consider is when the south becomes a transfer station the
north end would become a Type I landfill, he said. Type I requires daily
coverage, which the county already does.

Landfill Manager Gary Grant said a Type I landfill could also mean well testing
of the groundwater.

Board member Aaron Kania said he believes the district is in solid standing with
the unlined ruling.

He added that having Powell's trash has been a "shot in the arm" for budget
revenues.

He said he would hate to not be able to consider the benefit of receiving
Powell's trash because the county is concerned about losing at the hearing.

"It's a matter of how much it will cost us to succeed and if we do succeed do we
have the benefit of getting Powell's trash. He said he feels BHC could be the
low bidder if Billings is not a factor.

The board and commissioners went into executive session for further legal
discussions and in open session moved to engage Inberg-Mill-er engineer Howard
Johnson as the engineer for the hearing and allow him to recommend an attorney
he feels qualified to represent the county at the hearing in November.

Kania then reported on field trip to the Pinedale transfer station.

He said in his research he would recommend not baling municipal solid waste
(MSW) but rather baling recyclables.

"We have to do something with the south end sooner rather than later. I would
suggest a hybrid system similar to Pine-dale. He said landfills that bale MSW
have had maintenance issues with the balers.

The south end transfer station would take MSW to Lovell and bring recyclables to
the south end to bale, thus requiring only one baler.

He noted the Town of Basin has seen considerable savings in recycling and
composting.

North landfill operator Nash Rasmussen noted that about a third of Powell's
trash this summer has been green waste (grass, weeds, etc.).

Kania added that another possibility is transporting to Billings or a regional
landfill for both the south and north landfills and still baling recyclables.

He said items that would not have to be transported but could be separated out
are wood, pallets, metal, glass, compost, concrete, cardboard, aluminum cans,
steel cans, plastic and possibly tires.

Grant said it sounded like a system would require more personnel. Kania said the
landfills might not have to be open six days a week like they are currently.

The board liked the hybrid system idea but no formal decision was made.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LOV

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 The Lovell Chronicle


                              967 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                          November 23, 2011 Wednesday

Done. Page 5PCMC to prepare time-bound action plan to improve civic amenities

SECTION: PUNE

LENGTH: 539 words


PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) will prepare a
time-bound action plan to improve the civic amenities, following directives by
the Urban Development Department (UDD) to do the same.

Before the action plan is prepared, the corporation will conduct a
house-to-house survey about the quality of basic amenities in the twin township.
The civic body has received a grant of Rs 70 lakh from the 13th financial plan
to conduct the survey, which will focus on water supply, drainage, solid waste
management and storm water drains in the city.

Pravin Ladkat, executive engineer, water supply department, PCMC, said, "The
Union government has set benchmarks for various sectors, including water supply,
drainage, solid waste management and storm water drains. A house-to-house survey
has to be conducted to ascertain the current status of the basic amenities.
Civic bodies have to prepare a five-year plan for achieving these benchmarks."

Ladkat said a questionnaire has been prepared about the civic amenities, which
will be filled in the door-to-door survey. "There are around 4.5 lakh houses in
the city. However, we will conduct the survey on the basis of 2.5 lakh domestic
water connections. This survey will be completed in four months. The data
collected during the survey will be stored in the computers. A report will be
prepared within a week after the completion of the survey."

B Y Galbale, executive engineer, energy saving cell, PCMC, said, "The cell has
prepared plans for saving energy in various offices of the municipal
corporation. This is expected to reduce the electricity bills by around 25%. The
PCMC will also install solar lights in gardens on pilot basis. Also, solar
lights will be used in a pilot project to replace sodium vapour lamps used as
streetlights."

There are around 53,000 streetlight poles in the city. "A pilot project on
public-private partnership will be implemented, covering around 2,500
streetlight poles on around 18 roads in Zones B (Pimpri, Chinchwad, Ravet,
Tathawade, Punawale and other areas) and C (Bhosari, Charholi, Dudulgaon, Dighi
and others) areas. These roads are 18 to 24 metres wide. Contractors will
install LED lights and receive rights to display advertisements on these poles.
The PCMC is expected to reduce power consumption by 50% and reduce power bills
by half," Galbale said.

He added that a pilot project will be implemented for auto messaging and
controlling the streetlights using the supervisory control and data acquisition
system on Pune-Mumbai highway, under which 60% of the streetlights will be
covered.

"The length of the highway is 12 km. We expect to reduce the energy consumption
by around 30% which will result in saving of Rs 1 lakh every month. The SCADA
system will generate messages if there are any faults while running the
streetlights and send the messages to the junior engineer, deputy engineer and
executive engineer depending on the intensity of the faults. These SMSs will be
sent till the fault is rectified," Galbale said.

He said the PCMC will prepare an energy audit with the help of the Maharashtra
Energy Development Agency-approved energy auditor. Bids will be invited to
select the auditor soon.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              968 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           The Ironton Tribune, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 13, 2010 Friday

EDITORIAL: Tire program needs bounce

BYLINE: The Ironton Tribune, Ohio

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 329 words


Aug. 13--The Lawrence-Scioto Solid Waste Management District has gotten the ball
-- well, actually the tire -- rolling when it comes to cleaning up the eyesores
and trash that litter rural roads.

The district is partnering with the Ohio Department of Natural Resources, which
funded this initiative with a $20,000 grant, to host three tire amnesty days
designed to give the residents the chance to dispose of old tires at no cost.

--Monday, Aug. 23, from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. at the Lawrence County Fairgrounds
entrance off County Road 411, Proctorville.

--Wednesday, Aug. 25, from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. at the Burlington-Fayette Fire
Department, 7681 County Road, Burlington.

--Friday, Aug. 27 from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. at the South Ironton Industrial Park,
Commerce Drive, Ironton.

Although we think this is a good program that will certainly be a step in the
right direction, we would like to see the solid waste district and ODNR take it
a step farther.

Pay for tires being brought in. That's right, offer a small payment for every
tire brought in. Maybe $2 each or so.

This would serve as a strong incentive for citizens to clean up their own
property, likely prompt residents to scour the rural roads of Lawrence County
looking for tires that have been tossed aside and also inject a small amount of
revenue into the local economy.

Understandably, this change won't happen this time but we hope to see state and
local officials take a good look next time.

Offering a little monetary incentive could really get this program burning
rubber.

To see more of the Ironton Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.irontontribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Ironton Tribune, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100813-1IR-EDITORIAL-Tire-program-needs-bounce-20100813

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1IR


                    Copyright 2010 The Ironton Tribune, Ohio


                              969 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        The Telegraph (Alton, Illinios)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 9, 2010 Tuesday

Wood River plans composting site

BYLINE: Cynthia M. Ellis, The Telegraph, Alton, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 682 words


Feb. 9--WOOD RIVER -- In an effort to prevent waste, the city is going back to
the three R's -- reduce, reuse and recycle.

City officials have approved a plan that will reduce fees the city pays to the
landfill and reuse materials, all while recycling residential yard waste. The
city recently applied for a permit with the Illinois Environmental Protection
Agency, Bureau of Land, for a solid waste project that will be installed at
Envirotech Park.

"We applied for a permit because the city is planning to open a compost site,"
said Steve Palen, director of public services. "We are hoping to have it open by
May 1."

Palen said last year he approached the City Council with a plan that would save
money as well as offer an alternative in how the city handles yard waste. He
said although the city has been collecting residents' yard trimmings, leaves,
brush and branches for years, it had to pay tipping fees to the landfill for
landscape refuse.

"The city will save between $30,000 and $35,000 a year," Palen said.

The city also has applied for a $15,000 grant from Madison County's Solid Waste
Management program.

Palen said regulations require that water runoff be captured on site and sent
into the sanitary sewer for treatment. He said if awarded the grant money, it
would be used to purchase a pump, pipes and a structure for collecting runoff.

The public will be able to access the area via an access road from the second
culvert of Smith Court. The city will begin building the new road when weather
permits.

Palen said the road will not cost the city additional money. He said the city
will use materials it already has and provide manpower through the Street
Department.

"Basically, we are moving our drop-off site from the 14th Street garage to this
location," he said.

He said trash receptacles still will be located at the site for residents to
drop off large items such as chairs, sofas and other household objects to go to
the landfill.

According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, yard trimmings and food
residuals constitute about 26 percent of solid waste entering landfills.
Composting offers benefits of resource efficiency and creating a useful product
from organic waste.

Once the material is composted, which will take nine to 10 months after the
first waste is collected, it will be available for use by the city's Parks and
Recreation Department as well as the public for landscaping.

Mayor Fred Ufert said the council was pleased with Palen's idea, especially
because it will save the city money and keep yard refuse rates down.

"Right now it doesn't cost residents anything to bring us their yard waste,"
Ufert said. "If we were to continue to take it to the landfill, the fees are
likely to go up, so officials would probably have to look into charging
residents."

Ufert said he believed this was a "win-win" for everyone. He said the city also
didn't have to purchase any equipment or hire any extra personnel.

"It really does benefit the community," he said. "Not only will residents be
able to get compost, but really anyone who needs it."

He said the more compost the public picks up, the less of it the city will have
to spread out on public ground.

The hours of operation will be 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Friday, Saturday and Monday and
noon to 4 p.m. Sunday. According to the EPA, there are some materials that
should not be composted to prevent cross-contamination, including: black walnut
tree leaves or twigs, which release substances that may be harmful to plants;
insect-ridden diseased plants, which could transfer contaminants to other
vegetation; and yard trimmings treated with chemical pesticides, which could
kill beneficial composting organisms.

To see more of The Telegraph or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetelegraph.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Telegraph, Alton, Ill.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100209-AI-Wood-River-plans-composting-site-0209

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AI


                          Copyright 2010 The Telegraph


                              970 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                          September 27, 2007 Thursday

Darco Water unit wins $131m Indonesia contract

BYLINE: Alvin Foo

LENGTH: 252  words


A UNIT of Darco Water Technologies has won a $130.8 million contract to upgrade
and operate a water treatment plant in Pangkalpinang City, Indonesia.

Darco Indonesia will get a $15.1 million grant from the provincial government to
raise, within 18 months, the plant's capacity from 12,000 cubic m to 36,000
cubic m.

After the upgrade, Darco Indonesia will form a joint venture with the municipal
water authority to operate and maintain the plant for 20 years.

'This will give us a strong, recurring income, and we expect a significant rise
in revenue for 2008,' Darco chief executive Thye Kim Meng said.

'Adding this to our existing order book, we are definitely in a strong position
to provide crystal clear earnings visibility for our shareholders for the next
18 months,' he added.

The contract is expected to generate about $115.7 million in total recurring
revenue over 20 years.

The treatment plant will supply purified water for domestic consumption and for
commercial and industrial use.

The project is expected to commence next month, and the supply of drinking water
will begin within 18 months from the date of the agreement.

Mr Thye hailed the deal as a 'turning point' for Darco's Indonesian subsidiary.

Darco Indonesia has secured four industrial contracts worth $3 million in the
first nine months of the year.

This brings Darco's total order book to $600 million.

Investors responded well to the announcement yesterday, sending Darco shares up
nearly 10 per cent to 40 cents, with 2.78 million units traded.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              971 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              South Wales Guardian

                             April 15, 2008 Tuesday

Cash boost for recycling

SECTION: AMMANFORD NEWS

LENGTH: 107 words


CARMARTHENSHIRE has received more than £3 million to increase recycling and
composting and cut landfill across the county.

The county council has been awarded a total of £3,084,096 for 2008/09 in the
latest round of Sustainable Waste Management Grants.

The Welsh Assembly Government has handed out grants totalling £50 million to
local authorities across Wales - up £15 million on last year.

Local authorities are being urged to use this extra money for the separate
collection and treatment of food waste.

Carmarthenshire County Council launched a new kerbside recycling scheme which
includes separating food waste for the first time in February.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              972 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            February 26, 2007 Monday
                                NIAGARA EDITION

Lewis seeks deputy commissioner to oversee county's waste plan

BYLINE: By Thomas J. Prohaska - NEWS NIAGARA BUREAU

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 337 words

DATELINE: LOCKPORT


Niagara County Manager Gregory D. Lewis is proposing to create a fourth deputy
commissioner of public works to administer a state-mandated solid-waste
management plan on which the county has been dragging its feet for 18 years.

Lewis said he would rather have the Public Works Department in charge of the new
plan than the Refuse Disposal District.

Lewis said, "I want that [director] to be in the county management chain of
command."

But Legislator John Syracuse, the district chairman, said, "In my mind, the
Refuse District is probably best suited to do it, because that's what they do by
trade."

District Director Richard P. Pope said a legal opinion has been sought on
whether the district must carry out what Pope called the "hard environmental
engineering" in the new plan.

Assistant County Attorney J. Michael Fitzgerald is to deliver that opinion when
the Refuse District board, which consists solely of county legislators, meets at
5:30 p.m. today in the Public Safety Training Center, 5574 Niagara St.
Extension.

Syracuse, R-Newfane, said the legal problem is that the solid-waste plan "is
going to make the Refuse District do things that are countywide."

However, the district is not a countywide entity. Four towns -- Cambria,
Newfane, Wilson and the Town of Niagara -- never joined the district, and their
residents aren't taxed to support it.

Lewis said the plan is needed because the state Department of Environmental
Conservation, tired of the county's lack of action, is withholding grants to the
county and some municipalities for recycling, landfill maintenance and other
projects.

The County Legislature passed a resolution to create a solid-waste division as
far back as 1989 but never implemented it. The county was supposed to submit a
solid-waste management plan to the DEC back then, but it has never done so.

Lewis said his views on who should administer the plan are not a reflection on
Pope's job performance. At present there are three deputy commissioners of
public works.

e-mail: tprohaska@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              973 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                                October 04, 2012

U.S. Targets Jobs Creation Through Exchange Programme Alumni

BYLINE: Damilola Oyedele

LENGTH: 705 words


The United States has committed about N7 million to projects being implemented
by some alumni of its various exchange programmes, which seek to create small
jobs in some parts of Northern Nigeria.

Nine recipients, who include a Fulbright scholar, Humphrey Fellow, and
beneficiaries of the International Visitors and Leadership Programme (IVLP),
were the final selectees of the 2012 alumni micro grant competition selection.

At the award ceremony in Abuja recently, the US Ambassador to Nigeria, Mr.
Terrence McCulley, said the number of IVLP beneficiaries in Nigeria has
increased significantly as a result of Washington's satisfaction with the
quality of selected candidates from Nigeria.

The alumni are currently about 5000 in Nigeria. The micro grants, he added, are
expected to reach young Nigerians in Bauchi, Kano, Kaduna and several northern
states.

The projects are: Gombe Mai Ruwa project created by a Fulbright scholar and
current president of the Fulbright Association, Dr. Raymond Bako. It is intended
to create a new crop of water vendors in Gombe state by identifying unemployed
youth and providing them with carts and basic business skills to increase the
projects viability and sustainability.

The Compost toilet construction is the project of 2012 US President's Forum for
Young African leaders alumnus, Mr. Bako Kantiok, which proposes to construct
three toilets for the Kafanchan main markets in Kaduna state and train 60 youth
in waste management and disposal. The project is expected to make some profit,
which can then be reinvested based on users paying a small fee to use the
facilities.

Another project is the Samaru car washing project which is expected to create a
least 20 jobs for unemployed youth who would be taught car washing techniques
and basic maintenance modes in addition to training on basic business skills.
The proceeds will be used to maintain the equipment and expected to expand. It
is the project of 2005 Fulbright Scholar alum, Dr. Adele Garkida in Zaria,
Kaduna state.

The Solid Waste to Wealth Empowerment Project is designed by six alumni, led by
Aliyu Mustapha Danladi to train 30 Kaduna Youth in the collection of solid waste
and generate revenue from recoverable resources.

This project as adapted from a 2012 alumni Engagement Innovation fund awarded to
Fulbright alumni and is expected to increase public awareness on the environment
and the dangers from toxic waste and pollutants.

2010 Humphrey Fellow alumnus, Dr. Teresa Ekaete Nwachukwu created a leadership
and entrepreneurship workshop in Bauchi which is expected to train 50 youth in
basic leadership and entrepreneurial strategies. She will partner some NGOs to
ensure that at least 20 per cent of the participants are people living with
disabilities.

Dr. Hauwau Yusuf, who is a 2008 IVLP alumnus created the Empowerment for Self
Sustenance and National Development to work with 100 youth from rural
communities in Kaduna state over a three month period to produce and sell beaded
products. It is expected that the beneficiaries would establish small-scale
businesses after six months.

DiP Girls Entrepreneurial Training for Accessing Markets (GET-AM) is the project
of Ojobo Atuluku, a 1995 exchange visitor intended to target girls from Oju and
Obi in Benue state. These girls, who have had to drop out of school for one
reason or another, will receive training in sewing, quilting, smallholder
farming, information technology and carpentry and will focus on book keeping,
numeracy and literacy. They would also be empowered to start and sustain small
businesses in their communities.

The Agriculture for Peace project is an initiative of two Fulbright Scholars,
Dr. Joshua Olalekan Ogunwole and Dr. Hussaina Joan Makun to expose 120 youth in
Kaduna to modern planting methods and bee-keeping techniques. They will partner
the Kaduna Agricultural Development programme and the National Agricultural
Research Institute in Zaria.

The Fish farming Training project is the brainchild of 2009 Fulbright alumnus
Afeez Adeniran with six other Bold Leader alumni and it seeks to empower at
least 20 unemployed Kano youth with skills in fish farming. The beneficiaries
would also receive training in business skills to ensure sustainability.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              974 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                                 Bath Chronicle

                               February 18, 2000

City farm mulches on green compost plan;
 SUSTAINABLE AGRICULTURE: households can put waste to use

BYLINE: Anna Burdett

SECTION: News, Pg.8

LENGTH: 337 words


BATH City Farm has won a grant to pilot a community composting scheme.

The 3,500 grant from the Greater Bristol Foundation will enable the farm to
provide local households access to composting facilities.

The compost from the scheme will be used on the land for maximum benefit to the
environment.

Composting bays will be built at the farm and information on the community
scheme will be distributed to residents.

Organisers say jobs will be created through the scheme.

Caroline Frances-King, a member of the farm's management committee, said: "We're
really thrilled this project has the go-ahead.

"We've had a great response to our survey from people concerned about throwing
away compostable material, but who aren't able to compost it themselves."

The farm was set up on the edge of Twerton to enable the community to get
involved and learn about sustainable agriculture.

Recycling green waste can reduce the pressure on rubbish collection which
contributes to the problem of waste disposal and landfill.

Mrs Frances-King added: "There are a lot of people who have heard about
composting, but don't know how to go about it, or think it's too much hassle. We
can help those who want to be part of the scheme, but also let others know that
it's easy to do at home.

"We can definitely use this compost to improve the environment around the farm,
particularly for mulching around trees and growing plants in our raised beds."

The project is part of a policy at the farm to improve the environment and help
people live more sustainably.

Bath City Farm is running a series of workdays and last month more than 20
people, including many local children, turned up to trim and weed the hedges.

The next workday is this Sunday when activities include planting trees and
preparing the ground for hedgerow planting next month.

Refreshments will be provided. Helpers should meet at the farm at 11am and bring
gloves and garden forks. For more information call Bath City Farm on 01225
481269.


LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                      Copyright 2000 Bristol United Press


                              975 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 11, 2003 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

IN BRIEF

SECTION: LOUDOUN EXTRA; Pg. T09

LENGTH: 307 words


George Washington University has received the first $ 410,000 from a multiyear
grant from Hyundai Motor Co. and Kia Motor Corp. to establish an automotive
safety research laboratory at the National Crash Analysis Center (NCAC) on its
Ashburn campus.

George Bahouth, senior research scientist at NCAC and manager of the new lab,
said the first two years of research funded by the grant will focus on the
performance of child safety seats in crashes.

Two thefts of purses Friday night and early Saturday morning could be related,
the Loudoun County Sheriff's Office said.

The first theft occurred between 11 p.m. Friday and 12:20 a.m. Saturday at TGI
Friday's at Ridgetop Circle in Sterling when a 15-year-old Ashburn girl noticed
that her purse was gone. It was found a short time later in the restroom,
missing a digital camera and cell phone.

Shortly before 1 a.m. Saturday, a 25-year-old Sterling woman was getting into
her car near Huntington Square when someone grabbed her purse and left, taking a
cell phone from the bag.

The suspect in the second incident was described as a six-foot black man with a
slim build. He was wearing a white shirt, floppy camouflage hat and dark jean
shorts. A woman with him was described as white, 5 foot 5 and having
shoulder-length light brown hair.

Anyone with information about these incidents is asked to call the Loudoun
County Sheriff's Office Criminal Investigations Division at 703-777-0475.

The Loudoun County Board of Supervisors has adopted a new solid waste management
plan that includes building a new recycling depot at the Loudoun landfill.

The plan would increase special waste collection services and household
hazardous waste collection events, restore a recycling drop-off to the
Purcellville area and increase regulatory oversight for management of waste dirt
and burning solid waste.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post


                              976 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 February 2, 1995, Thursday, FIVE STAR Edition

28% INCREASE FOR TRASH PICKUP WOULD ALLOW EXTRA RECYCLING

BYLINE: Barb DePalma Post-Dispatch Special Correspondent

SECTION: ZONE NORTH; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 526 words


Voters in University City will decide April 4 whether they're willing to pay 28
percent more for trash collection in return for extra recycling.

Residents now pay $ 8.25 a household each month for trash pickup and maintenance
of refuse carts. The measure, known as Proposition R, would increase the
collection rate to $ 10.60 a month as of Sept. 1. City officials said passage of
Proposition R would bring in $ 427,759 in all. Of that, $ 300,000 is for the
expansion of curb-side recycling.

Currently, solid-waste collection includes weekly trash collection and biweekly
collection of yard waste, aluminum cans and newspapers. With Proposition R, the
recycling collections would be weekly and also would cover aluminum, glass,
cardboard, plastics and steel cans.

City Manager Frank Ollendorff said a fact sheet about trash collection and
recycling would be sent to all residents.

"We will do the best we can to see that all citizens receive all the information
they need to make an informed decision," Ollendorff said. "After we send out the
fact sheet, we will see what types of questions come up, and we'll do everything
we can to answer these questions.

"In the past, we have seen a constant demand for more recycling services in the
city. If we've heard one thing over the years, we've heard that people want more
recycling and they would be willing to pay more for more services."

According to the fact sheet, trash-collection fees were last increased in April
1989. Since then, services have increased.

The fact sheet says, "The shortfall was taken from the city's general operating
fund. The city can no longer afford to supplement the cost of solid-waste
collection and maintain the current level of services. . . . The city has made a
commitment not to come to the voters for another solid-waste management-fee
increase for at least three years."

University City has received grants to build a sorting facility for recyclables,
so residents themselves don't have to sort recyclable material. The recyclables
would be collected weekly with the regular trash. About $ 1.50 a month of the
proposed fee increase would pay for the expanded recycling program.

The council unanimously decided last week to place the proposition on the
ballot. Several council members called the program important.

"Passing this bill is the action we need to take to bring about significant
improvements in refuse collection and recycling," said Councilman Paul Schoomer,
2nd Ward.

In other business, the council approved spending $ 23,259 from last year's bond
issue to provide new playground equipment for Mooney Park. The bid, awarded to
Roger Hutchinson and Associates, is less than the $ 26,500 allocated from the
bond issue.

The council also approved $ 2,866 for an eight-week pilot recreation program for
sixth- to eighth-graders at McNair School, 8136 Groby Road. The program, offered
through the YMCA, would begin in April and would serve 25 children, four days a
week for three hours after school.

The YMCA would provide recreational activities. The YMCA will evaluate the
program to determine whether to continue or expand it.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              977 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                              March 2, 2007 Friday

Looking down in the dumps has local waste authority seeing green

BYLINE: Sun-News report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 414 words


SILVER CITY   Following a recent audit of the Southwest Solid Waste Authority,
the forecast for the waste management company is looking up, but cloudy skies
still remain.

The Board of the Southwest Solid Waste Authority recently accepted the financial
audit by Fierro and Fierro of Las Cruces for the 2005-06 fiscal year. The audit
was approved by the state in December and presented to the Board after the first
of the year.

Kariann Sokulsky, SSWA general manager, said the authority's financial position
has improved significantly since 2003. In 2003, the net equity was negative
$288,791. As of June 30, 2006, the trash authority's net equity was $488,823.

"The improvement in the authority's financial position has been a team effort by
all employees," said Sokulsky. "We have not compromised on services or quality.
We have worked harder and more efficiently to conduct our work. We continue to
improve services at each transfer station and at the landfill."

The authority has continually battled budgetary woes with rising costs of
maintenance, fuel and other economic factors.

It has also faced serving a market area where recyclable materials, which can be
sold for income for the authority, are not available in a supply level that
makes it viable to transport them to buyers where they can be sold.

In 2004, the authority had to increase disposal fees, which are now some of the
highest in the state. The authority's fees are $43 per ton for Grant County
residents and businesses and $36.60 for Hidalgo County.

Additionally, in 2004, the authority had to assume $500,000 in loans to pay
overdue bills.

"Despite the improvement in finances, the authority still needs legislative help
to continue to improve landfill operations," said Sokulsky. "Our current
compactor must be replaced and we cannot purchase a larger, heavier compactor
without legislative help."

Sokulsky said a larger, heavier compactor could extend the life of the landfill
by as much as 20 percent.

"It is important we protect taxpayers' investment in the current landfill
without raising fees," she added.

Sokulsky said compactors are the most important piece of equipment at the
landfill.

"They break down trash with specialized wheels so that as much as 1,000 to 1,200
pounds can be packed into two cubic yards," she said. "Without compaction, as
little as 100 to 200 pounds can be placed in each cubic yard of space."

The authority has requested $275,000 in capital outlay money for 2007 to
purchase a heavier compactor.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A trash compactor at the Grant County Landfill mashes garbage into
tight bundles for disposal. The Southwest Solid Waste Authority is currently
seeking state funds to replace this aging unit and keep landfill fees low.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Silver City Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              978 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    SEPTEMBER 10, 2004 Friday CITY-D EDITION

Gore, in Pa. backing Hoeffel, blasts Bush and Specter

BYLINE: Jeff Shields INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 521 words


Democrats unleashed Al Gore on Pennsylvania yesterday in a wide-ranging assault
against Republicans from President Bush to state politicians.

The former vice president, relishing the role of party hatchet man, took the
offensive in speeches in Narberth and Pittsburgh. He exhorted Democratic
supporters, lavished praise on federal and state Democratic candidates, and
jumped on Vice President Cheney's comments this week that America would be at
greater risk of a terrorist attack if Democratic candidate John Kerry were
elected president.

"They have tried to use the attacks against America as political weapons," Gore
told a partisan crowd of nearly 200 at Narberth Borough Hall. Earlier in
Pittsburgh, he called Cheney's comments "a sleazy and despicable effort to
blackmail voters with fear."

"Their only hope, they've decided, is to try and make you too afraid to vote for
John Kerry," he told a crowd at the United Steelworkers of America headquarters
in Pittsburgh. "It's the lowest sort of politics imaginable."

Gore was in Pennsylvania to campaign for U.S. Senate candidate Joseph M.
Hoeffel, Pennsylvania Attorney General candidate Jim Eisenhower, and
congressional candidate Lois Murphy from Chester County's Sixth District.

He called Republican Sen. Arlen Specter "the Zell Miller of Pennsylvania,"
referring to the Democratic senator from Georgia who gave the keynote speech at
last week's Republican convention.

Gore accused Specter of betraying his moderate roots and abandoning the
environment and gun control. He chastised Republican Attorney General candidate
Tom Corbett for working as a lawyer and spokesman for Waste Management Inc., a
trash-disposal company, and blamed him for contributing to high insurance
premiums by failing to block the merger that created Highmark Blue Cross/Blue
Shield when Corbett was acting attorney general in 1995 and 1996.

"Let me tell you, Al Gore's in a fighting mood," Eisenhower told the audience in
Narberth.

Republicans painted Gore as a far-out liberal. "It shouldn't be a surprise that
someone as liberal as Al Gore is endorsing Lois Murphy," said Chris Paulitz,
weighing in for the National Republican Congressional Committee.

Brian Nutt, spokesman for Corbett's campaign, said Eisenhower was leaving his
dirty work to a man driven by "bitterness" and "sour grapes."

The stated reason for the Narberth meeting was a panel discussion on President
Bush's refusal to continue previous levels of funding for the Community Oriented
Policing Services program, which provides grants to add local police officers.

Gore and the candidates, including Hoeffel on a phone link from Washington,
touched on the COPS issue. But Gore was headed for a $1,000-a-plate fund-raising
event for Hoeffel in Philadelphia, and he made it clear he was there to rally
Democrats to take on Republicans from Bush on down.

"The question is how to do it," he said. "And my answer is, with every ounce of
energy you have."

Contact staff writer Jeff Shields at jshields@phillynews.com or 610-313-8173.

This article includes information from the Associated Press.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              979 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            October 10, 2008 Friday
                                CENTRAL EDITION

State cuts threaten recycling program

BYLINE: By Fred O. Williams - NEWS STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 397 words


A countywide green initiative could fall to red ink.

Funding for the job of Erie County recycling coordinator -- the chief person
responsible for boosting the anemic recycling rate -- is being clouded by the
state fiscal crunch, officials say.

A state grant for the coordinator program expires Dec. 31, and indications are
that funding won't be renewed, county officials said. The state supports half
the program's $114,000 annual cost, and municipalities contribute the other
half.

The state and local funding pays the coordinator's annual salary of about
$55,000, plus the costs of special efforts like electronics drop-offs and public
information campaigns. The current coordinator is Gary Carrel.

"These are all things that should be done on a county level," said Paul Kranz,
associate environmental quality engineer in the county Department of Environment
and Planning, who oversees the recycling program. "If we're not doing it, who
will?"

The Town of Hamburg passed a resolution this week calling on the county to
support recycling through its own budget, in the absence of state funds.

"The recycling program is important," Councilman Kevin Smardz said. However, "I
think it's going to be tough -- everybody's feeling the budget crunch."

County Executive Chris Collins is due to announce his 2009 budget proposal on
Monday. If state funding does fall through, the county will try to continue the
administration of recycling efforts with existing staff, Kranz said.

Erie County municipalities are far short of their goal to recycle 50 percent of
solid waste by 2012. Their recycling rate averaged between just 15 percent and
17.5 percent in 2006, according to the state Department of Environmental
Conservation.

Local governments are under a state mandate to boost recycling of waste such as
paper, glass and metal, in order to reduce the use of landfills. The recycling
coordinator serves as the administrator of the regional Solid Waste Management
Plan for municipalities around the county, with the exception of Buffalo,
keeping track of statistics and filing quarterly reports with the state.

Municipalities, which are grouped into two regional boards for solid waste
planning, plan to continue paying their share of the coordinator funding,
Hamburg's resolution states. An application for continued state funding for
2009-2011 is pending, Kranz said.

e-mail: fwilliams@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              980 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           August 30, 2006 Wednesday
                                NIAGARA EDITION

Panel rejects raise, title for Pope

BYLINE: By Thomas J. Prohaska - NEWS NIAGARA BUREAU

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 515 words

DATELINE: LOCKPORT


A proposal to give Niagara County Refuse Disposal District Director Richard P.
Pope a new title and a $20,000 raise was blocked by a panel of county
legislators Tuesday.

Pope insisted the creation of a new Environmental and Solid Waste Division, with
himself as commissioner, is necessary to comply with a state mandate for a
solid-waste management plan.

He produced a letter from a Department of Environmental Conservation official,
dated Monday, in which the DEC threatened to block all future grants for
refuse-related projects in Niagara County, including those by cities and towns,
if the plan weren't completed.

But the district board, comprising nine legislators, tabled the proposal by a
7-2 vote.

Pope wrote in a report to lawmakers that his proposal was being made jointly
with County Manager Gregory D. Lewis. Lewis said he hadn't endorsed the plan.

"We haven't met," he said.

Legislature Vice Chairman Clyde L. Burmaster raked Pope over the coals for
almost half an hour, establishing that the proposal to make Pope commissioner of
the new division would require an increase in general county spending of
$119,566.

Unlike the Refuse District tax, which is paid only in the member municipalities,
that charge would be part of the general county tax bill.

The Refuse District tax is charged everywhere except the towns of Cambria,
Newfane, Niagara and Wilson. It would stay at the current average of 10 cents
per $1,000 of assessed valuation under the district's regular 2007 budget, which
the committee approved. But under Burmaster's relentless questioning, Pope
admitted that budget contains nothing at all to fund the new division.

Besides Pope's raise from the nearly $59,000 salary he is currently slated to
receive in 2007, it envisions creation of a new environmental planner job at a
salary of $46,217.

"We have an environmental planner at Economic Development," noted Burmaster,
R-Ransomville.

Pope said because of the lack of a waste plan, a $291,000 request for
reimbursement for half the cost of the county's Gruendler waste pulverizer has
been held up in Albany since 2003.

Also, he said he is applying for a $2.4 million state grant to help pay for
expected remediation of the county's closed Landfill 1 in Lockport. Pope said he
will have to submit a schedule for that work two years from now.

Pope said Niagara is the only county in the state that hasn't created a
solid-waste plan in response to a 1985 state law.

Burmaster noted that another state law required the DEC to create a plan for
spreading out hazardous waste disposal all over the state instead of allowing
all of it to be done at the CWM Chemical Services site in Porter. That hasn't
happened.

"If they don't have to follow the law, why the hell should we have to follow the
law and do what they say?" Burmaster demanded.

Legislator John D. Ceretto, D-Lewiston, objected to Pope's proposal to create a
permanent household hazardous waste drop-off center because CWM might end up
disposing of the waste collected. Pope said waste from past drop-off days was
hauled out of state, not to CWM.

e-mail: tprohaska@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              981 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times (Munster, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 6, 2010 Thursday

C.P. seeks ethanol answers

BYLINE: Marc Chase and Christine Kraly, The Times, Munster, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 732 words


May 6--CROWN POINT -- Concerned about possible "bullying" tactics to force
municipal participation in a county trash-to-ethanol plan fraught with
unanswered questions, a city councilman said he and other council members are
seeking answers.

Crown Point City Council Attorney Rich Wolter confirmed Wednesday some members
of the council have asked him to draft a resolution seeking information about
the deal from the Lake County Solid Waste Management District.

"At least a couple of the council people think they haven't seen answers" to
questions they've had since the solid waste district proposed bringing such a
plant to Lake County in 2007, Wolter said.

Council members, led by Crown Point Councilman Bob Corbin, have raised new
concerns, Wolter said, "particularly in light of the fact the district is
wanting to put some sort of penalty to communities who don't willingly fall in
line with sending their garbage to that facility."

Solid waste district board member Robert Carnahan told The Times last week a
district committee is considering an attempt to withhold a portion of recycling
grants from municipalities that don't sign an agreement to send their trash to
what will become a county-owned but privately operated facility in Schneider.

Cities and towns typically use the grants, often in the six-figures, to fund
community improvement projects.

Last summer, Crown Point spent $160,000 of its solid waste funds to benefit city
parks.

Corbin said any such penalty would amount to "nothing more than bullying."

Solid waste district Executive Director Jeff Langbehn and the district's
attorney, Clifford Duggan, did not return calls placed to their office Wednesday
by The Times. Both have argued that public hearings leading up to the contract
made clear the potential benefits of the plant to participating municipalities.
A 20-year contract with Powers Energy One of Indiana requires the district to
steer 1,000 tons of garbage a day to the proposed Schneider plant once it is
operational.

Corbin said he remains a skeptic about the trash-to-ethanol plan, arguing it
relies on commercially unproven technology that exists only in experimental
pilot plants on a much smaller scale than that of the proposed facility in Lake
County.

Griffith Town Council President George Jerome has raised similar concerns and
criticized any penalty imposed on communities for not participating.

The solid waste district and private company Powers Energy in November 2008
inked contract for the Evansville-based company to build and operate a plant
near the Kankakee River in Schneider. Under the agreement, the county will
coordinate with Lake County cities and towns to ship municipal trash to the
facility, where a process called gasification will transform it into ethanol.

Wolter said he will need to canvass council members to see what specific issues
or questions they would like addressed in the resolution. He said he and Crown
Point Attorney David Nicholls hope to provide the draft at the next council
meeting next month.

Corbin said he wants to see clear answers to questions posed last year by an
environmental attorney who reviewed the proposed plant on behalf of the Sisters
of Saint Francis Health Services, owners of St. Anthony Medical Center in Crown
Point. Corbin also works as an attorney for the Sisters.

The environmental lawyer, Vicki Wright, of the law firm Krieg DeVault, noted in
a September 2009 letter to Mayor David Uran that the hospital system was opposed
to the plant locating in Crown Point at a proposed site adjacent to a health
complex owned by the Sisters.

Powers Energy opted to instead locate in Schneider, but Corbin said Wright
highlighted several unanswered questions about the plant in her letter,
including who was financing the plan, how the plant would be designed and proof
of long-term financial viability.

"I haven't seen adequate answers to any of those questions," Corbin said.

Times staff writer Kathleen Quilligan contributed to this article.

To see more of The Times, Munster, Ind., or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.nwitimes.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Times, Munster, Ind.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100506-MU-TRASH-TO-ETHANOL-20100506

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MU


                            Copyright 2010 The Times


                              982 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              November 12, 1997, Wednesday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

MORNING BRIEFING

BYLINE: From Staff And Wire Reports

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. D7, MORNING BRIEFING COLUMN

LENGTH: 650 words



Union Pacific calls off Pennzoil bid

Frustrated suitor Union Pacific Resources Group Inc. said Tuesday it will call
off its $ 6.4 billion offer for Pennzoil Co. unless the oil company enters "good
faith" merger discussions.

"There clearly appears to have been a substantial erosion in the value of
Pennzoil's international oil and gas assets," said Union Pacific Chief Executive
Jack Messman.

Later Tuesday, Pennzoil said it did not plan to sit down and negotiate with
Union Pacific. "UPR's disingenuous attempt to denigrate the value of Pennzoil is
nothing more than sour grapes," Pennzoil said.

Waste Management cuts 1,200

Waste Management Inc., the largest U.S. garbage hauler, said Tuesday it will cut
1,200 jobs, or 20 percent of its management and support work force in its North
American waste services operations.

The garbage giant said the job cuts and other steps were expected to reduce
annual costs by about $ 100 million.

The company said it will centralize North American purchasing activities at its
Oak Brook, Ill., headquarters office

Savvis is fastest on 'Net

Savvis Communications Corp., based in St. Louis, was rated the fastest Internet
backbone service provider by Keynote Systems and Boardwatch Magazine, the
company said Tuesday.

Keynote studied the performance of 34 North American backbone providers over a
six-week period. Savvis had the fastest page download time - 4.905 seconds.

Savvis links 17 major metropolitan areas and uses its own asynchronous transfer
technology to bypass Internet bottlenecks.

Complete test results will be published in the Boardwatch Directory of Internet
Service Providers on Nov. 21. A summary is available at www.keynote.com

Trinity suspends talks

Trinity Industries Inc. of Dallas has indefinitely suspended negotiations to
acquire American Railcar Industries Inc. because the two sides couldn't agree on
terms.

Both American Railcar and its parent, ACF Industries Inc., are based in St.
Charles, Mo., and are controlled by financier Carl Icahn.

Trinity, a Dallas-based maker of industrial, transportation and construction
products, said in August that it had tentatively agreed to acquire American
Railcar for about $ 300 million, mostly in cash.

GM is top ad spender

General Motors Corp. and McDonald's restaurants lead their categories in the
more than $ 34.2 billion spent on advertising in the first half of 1997, the
Competitive Media Reporting company said Tuesday.

General Motors again outspent all other corporate advertisers at $ 1.1 billion,
a 21.9 percent increase over the first half of 1996, and $ 286.7 million more
than second-ranked Procter & Gamble Co., CMR reported. Philip Morris Cos.,
Chrysler Corp. and Ford Motor Co. completed the top five on the list.

250th Delta is successful

The 250th Boeing/McDonnell Douglas Delta rocket carried five Iridium
communication satellites into orbit on Saturday from Vandenberg Air Force Base,
Calif.

The Delta IIs have placed 25 of the satellites into orbit, and will carry the
majority of the 66-satellite system, which is slated for operation in late 1998.

The Delta was first developed in the early 1960s, and has been one of America's
most successful space launch vehicles.

Sikeston gets $ 489,210 grant

Sikeston, Mo. has received a $ 489,210 industrial infrastructure grant from the
Missouri Department of Economic Development for new streets, water and sewer
lines.

The infrastructure will help support the new Atlas Cold Storage warehouse. The
warehouse will employ 50 new workers.

Sima board declares dividend

The board of Sigma-Aldrich Corp. on Tuesday declared a 12 percent increase in
the quarterly stock dividend, to $ 0.07 a share from $ 0.0625 a share. The
dividend will be paid Jan. 2 to shareholders of record on Dec. 15. Shares closed
Tuesday at $ 36.0625, up from $ 36.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1997 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              983 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    DECEMBER 20, 1998 Sunday CNORTH EDITION

RESIDENTS GET SOME HELP WITH TRASH FEES / A LARGE COUNTY GRANT WILL LOWER THE
PROJECTED PRICE BY ABOUT $4 PER TON FOR HOMEOWNERS.

BYLINE: Sonia Krishnan, INQUIRER SUBURBAN STAFF

SECTION: NEIGHBORS MONTGOMERY; Pg. MC01

LENGTH: 465 words


Here's a bit of good news for the woeful Eastern Montgomery County towns
obligated to dump waste at the expensive trash-to-steam plant in Plymouth: The
per-ton cost for trash has dropped almost 1 percent from an earlier estimated
increase, thanks to $700,000 in grant money kicked in by the county
commissioners.

The extra cash flow will help ease the 22 municipalities' transition into the
waste-generation fee system - the county's new method of billing residents and
businesses directly for trash collection and disposal. The county grant means
that trash disposal at the incinerator will cost $76.25 per ton instead of the
projected $80.49 - a ceiling price that county Waste System Authority officials
toyed with when details of the fee were being worked out this year.

"Our goal has always been to get the fee down to $75," said Tim Hartman,
executive director of the waste system authority. "But at least we were able to
get a reduction of some kind when the commissioners weighed in."

Affected by the fee will be Abington, Ambler, Bryn Athyn, Cheltenham,
Conshohocken, East Norriton, Hatboro, Horsham, Jenkintown, Lower Merion, Lower
Moreland, Narberth, Norristown, Plymouth, Rockledge, Springfield, Upper Dublin,
Upper Merion, Upper Moreland, West Conshohocken, Whitemarsh and Whitpain.

The grant came from the county recycling fund, but there is no guarantee the
authority will get another helping hand after 1999, Hartman said.

The new per-ton rate will have separate economic impacts for residents and
businesses. Residents now pay $75 per ton of trash. Because of the massive debt
the county incurred when it built the incinerator in the late 1980s, that cost
is $30 to $40 more than most people pay haulers to dump trash at landfills.
Under the waste-generation fee system - in which residents will be billed based
on the average amount of trash generated per household - homeowners will be
charged for 1.3 tons a year, or $99.13.

Commercial property owners now pay $58.50 per ton. That fee will jump about 30
percent once the new system takes effect Jan. 1. Disposal rates will be
estimated based on a commercial property's square footage and the business
category it falls under in an elaborate method devised by the authority.

Haulers have complained loudly about the controversial new fee system, saying
that their business customers will shoulder most of the burden for pulling the
county out of the $137 million debt it took on to build the incinerator in the
late '80s, when landfill space was at a premium.

One major hauler, Browning-Ferris Industries, placed advertisements in local
newspapers and sent out letters in recent weeks lambasting the waste authority
for imposing what it called a "trash fee."

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1998 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              984 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                                 March 13, 2002

Recycling Waste

SECTION: CITY EDITION; EDITORIAL PAGE; EDITORIAL COMMENT; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 380 words


The Minister for the Environment, Mr Dempsey, has published a new policy
statement on the prevention and recycling of waste. It is a worthy document. But
the circumstances of its release - coming less than two months before a general
election and when the Government is under pressure over illegal dumping and
waste disposal - suggests political damage limitation. Mr Dempsey and the
Coalition Government have to be seen to be responding to a rapidly worsening
waste situation and to pressure from the European Commission.

Only ten local authorities have sufficient licensed landfill space to cope with
the expected volume of public waste this year. The situation is reaching
critical proportions and aggressive, local campaigns prevent new sites being
opened by the authorities. The Minister's initiative is designed to minimise
waste, which will help the landfill situation, but it has been delayed for far
too long and probably does not go far enough. Funding of EUR47 million was
provided last December for waste management projects in 2002, but Mr Dempsey is
only now announcing the details of grant schemes and re-use initiatives.

The Minister promised that, by the end of the year, 250,000 Dublin homes would
have segregated waste collection, with services also being provided in Galway
and Nenagh and in parts of counties Waterford, Meath and Louth. In the longer
term, to 2006, he envisaged the number of civic amenity sites being doubled to
more than 85 and, where economically feasible, to introduce the segregation of
waste to other urban centres. In terms of achievement, Mr Dempsey said the
national target of recycling one-quarter of all packaging waste had been met
last year and he hailed the plastic bag levy as a success.

In order to co-ordinate the efforts of various agencies, the Minister took on
board last year's proposal by Forf s - the industrial policy advisory board -
and announced the establishment of a National Waste Management Board to monitor
and advise on waste policy. A recycling Consultative Forum and a Market
Development Group will represent the interests of the recycling sector. These
are positive changes but, like the EUR15 charge per tonne on landfill waste,
their effects will not be felt until after the election.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2002 The Irish Times


                              985 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            April 16, 2014 Wednesday

Strengthening engagement OCSS capacity in environmental governance processes
related to solid waste management

LENGTH: 362  words


Project Number: TUN/EU-NGOS/OP5/Y3/2014/03
Country: Tunisia
Area Of Work: CapDev
Operational Phase: Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 25,000.00
Start Date: 2/2014
End Date: 9/2015
Status: Currently under execution
Project Description: Strengthening engagement OCSS capacity in environmental
governance processes related to solid waste management in Djerba
Grantee: Association pour la Sauvegarde de l%Ile de Djerba
Organisation Mission : For GEF SGP, the community-based approach is the
cornerstone for addressing local and global environmental and sustainable
development challenges. SGP provides grants to civil society organizations
(CSOs), notably national and local non-governmental organizations (NGOs),
community-based organizations (CBOs), and indigenous peoples organizations. SGP
grantees may also include other not-for-profit organizations such as
professional associations, unions and other civil society groups.


By enabling a direct connection between sustainable livelihoods and the
generation of local and global livelihoods, SGP empowers communities to act and
participate in their own development and hence ensures community ownership and
impact. Over the course of the last 20 years, SGP has provided grants to over
12,000 grantees with 64 percent of grants channeled to NGOs, 34 percent to CBOs,
and 2 percent to other not-for-profit organizations. More than 60 percent of
projects have directly benefitted communities either through direct grants to
CBOs or through other NGOs and CSOs working with communities.
Project Partner :
GEF Secretariat
1818 H Street, NW, Mail Stop P4-400
Washington, DC 20433 USA
Tel: (202) 473-0508
Fax: (202) 522-3240/3245
Email: secretariat@thegef.org
Project completion date : 2015-09-30 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : The Environmental Audit, 130,
Avenue Habib Bougatfa
The Bardo, 2000
Attn:  Mr. Baouendi Abdelkader

Country :Tunisia
Financier : Global Environment Facility (GEF),
United Nations Development Programme (UNDP),

Financier address : United Nations Development Programme
One United Nations Plaza
New York, NY 10017
Tel: +1 (212) 906-5000
Call: +1 (212) 963-1234
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              986 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                         Morning Star (Wilmington, NC)

                            December 4, 2000, Monday

STATE BRIEFS

SECTION: Local/State; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 626 words


POLICE IN ACCIDENTS

Cruiser crash kills van driver

CHARLOTTE - For the second time in two months, a Charlotte resident has been
killed in a traffic accident involving a Charlotte-Mecklenburg police officer.

Geoffrey Keith Darwin, 33, was killed early Saturday when the cleaning company
van he was driving was struck by a patrol cruiser driven by police officer David
Nifong.

Mr. Darwin, who died at the scene, was driving west on Wilkinson Blvd. about 7
a.m. when he tried to turn left onto Boyer St., according to a preliminary
police report.

Officer Nifong, who was driving east on Wilkinson, collided with the van as it
crossed into his path. The van flipped and landed on its top.

PUBLIC HOUSING REPAIRS

Director drops flood-damage suit

GREENVILLE - The director of Greenville's public housing is willing to drop a
lawsuit now that the city has processed his requests to repair flood-damaged
homes.

James Barnhill, executive director of the Greenville Housing Authority, said
Thursday that the city has processed building permit applications for 55
structures damaged last year after Hurricane Floyd.

The city denied building permits for 37 of the structures, many of which are
duplex apartments, he said.

Eighteen of the requests were approved.

Officials denied most of the permits because the cost of repair was more than 50
percent of the pre-flood market value, city attorney Dave Holec said.

PROPOSAL UNDER FIRE

Halifax landfill protests pile up

AURELIAN SPRINGS - The residents of this rural, Halifax County town are
organizing against a waste landfill they say is a threat to their homes and
their future.

Waste Management Inc., the nation's largest waste company, has proposed building
and operating a commercial landfill that it says likely will handle trash from
within a 100-mile radius. Critics say the landfill would allow the company to
bring in trash from Virginia, Tennessee, South Carolina and Georgia as well as
North Carolina.

The Halifax County Board of Commissioners initially approved the project by a
5-1 vote and will take up the issue again at a meeting Monday. Opponents are
planning a protest that will include a tractor motorcade by farmers.

CHRISTMAS PROJECT

Ministry collects gift boxes for kids

CHARLOTTE - One of the nation's most popular holiday ministries celebrated its
good works Friday amid a mountain of shoe boxes.

Operation Christmas Child welcomed friends to its new center in south Charlotte,
where more than 850,000 shoe boxes stuffed with gifts are being processed for
shipment to needy children.

Shoe boxes filled with small toys, books and other items for children can be
dropped off through Friday at the center at 2345 Township Road off N.C.49.

Those interested in joining the 14,500 volunteers already signed up to process
boxes can call (704) 366-3269. The work goes on through Dec.15, or until the
last box is done.

GRANT MONEY UNSPENT

Former mayor under scrutiny

DURHAM - A former Durham mayor who is now the city's human relations director is
under scrutiny for repeated housing code violations at his properties and lax
handling of public money.

City officials discovered in September that Chester Jenkins' office, which
investigates complaints of housing and employment discrimination, allowed more
than $ 200,000 in federal grant money to accumulate unspent since 1996.

During that time, city tax dollars were spent instead for programs the grants
could have funded.

Also, the department apparently violated state law by waiting nearly six months
to deposit about $ 19,000 that private companies donated for the department's
International Festival this spring. State law calls for local governments to
deposit receipts daily.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 Wilmington Star-News, Inc.


                              987 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                              March 1, 2013 Friday

Budget 2013: Waste to energy to get a boost, benefiting companies such as Jindal
SAW

BYLINE: Satish John

SECTION: POWER

LENGTH: 369 words


NEW DELHI: Finance Minister, P Chidambaram promised to incentivise
waste-to-energy projects that would come up through public private partnership
mode with city municipalities and are neutral to different technologies.

"This is a much needed welcome step. India's waste to energy potential is
enormous and the country has solid waste of around 55 Million tonnes besides 38
Billion litres of sewage every year barring the industrial wastes," says Indresh
Batra, Managing Director, Jindal SAW Ltd.

Government will support municipalities that will implement waste-toenergy
projects through different instruments such as viability gap funding, repayable
grant and low cost capital, said the FM.

The OP Jindal Group company is the first to run a waste to energy plant. Its
plant at Okhla has been running for the past fourteen months. Delhi's other
waste-to-energy plant planned for Ghazipur is being put up by IL& FS
Environmental Infrastructure and Services Ltd (IEISL). Such projects have had
run in with environmentalists.

"Impetus given to Waste to energy projects undertaken by municipalities by
giving them viability gap funding will encourage more cities to adopt
waste-to-energy projects... This will further boost more Schemes to allow the
cities and municipalities to take up waste to energy projects on PPP mode will
encourage more waste - to - energy project, a move Jindal ITF welcomes," says Mr
Batra.

According Delhi based Kuick Research Class I cities contribute 72% to Municipal
Solid Waste in urban area and by 2021 towns will contribute 60%, says Jindal
SAW.

Sanjay Chakrabarti, Partner & National Leader - Cleantech, Ernst & Young says,
""The FMs unambiguous provisioning of Rs 800 Cr as GBIs for the wind industry is
a big positive that is likely to further spur Cleantech investments in India.

While the extension of 801A was on expected lines, the provisioning of
concessional loans from IREDA through NCEF and Grants for Waste To Energy
projects to Municipalities is also likely to further up the investor sentiment.

Even as the details of the IREDA scheme are awaited it will be a significant
boost if the same is made available for larger renewable energy projects"".

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              988 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Ability to Finance Recycling Facilities In California Could Hinge on Court Case

                             March 26, 1993, Friday

By Brad Altman

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


Debt financings for certain waste recycling facilities in California might be
curtailed if the state Supreme Court upholds an appellate court ruling that
weakened a local government's ability to control its waste disposal.

A ruling supporting the appellate court decision, handed down last September,
"would have a very negative impact on a community's ability to secure
appropriate financing" for a materials recovery facility, said Kelly Astor of
Astor & Phillips, a law firm in Orange, Calif.

Attorneys for both sides expect justices to hear oral arguments this year, but
they do not know when a decision will be handed down.

Recycling facilities are growing in popularity in California as localities
develop recycling plans to meet state regulations on diverting waste from
landfills.

The pending court case - Waste Management of the Desert v. Palm Springs
Recycling Center Inc. - examines whether local governments can control the
distribution of recyclable materials. The justices would be asked to review the
appellate court's decision to invalidate a California community's exclusive
franchise with a trash disposal company to pick up commercially generated
recyclable materials.

Many of the case's issues stem from interpretations of the 1989 California
Integrated Solid Waste Management Act, which was established by Assembly Bill
939 to encourage recycling and address numerous other waste disposal matters.

In a related development, some state lawmakers are attempting to revise the
solid waste act.

Sen. Charles Calderon, D-Montebello, introduced Senate Bill 924 on March 4 to
codify the appellate court ruling, according to Gary B. Liss, executive director
of the California Resource Recovery Association, a recycling coalition based in
Loomis.

S.B. 924 would allow businesses to "freely choose with whom to contract for the
collection and processing of their recyclable materials," Liss said. "The
Calderon bill tries to underscore that the environmental goals of Assembly Bill
939 are best met through free market economics and competition."

By contrast, S.B. 450, introduced Feb. 24 by Sen. Ralph C. Dills, D Gardena,
would uphold the right of cities and counties to control the removal of
recyclables from their communities.

Board members of the League of California Cities are expected to oppose the
Calderon bill and support the Dills bill, a staff member said.

The Dills bill would "clarify the extent to which a California local government
may regulate recyclable solid waste handling," said Astor, who is helping to
draft the legislation. Astor represents state and local trade associations and
companies in the solid waste industry.

Localities fear that losing their right to control waste disposal would have a
ripple effect: It would be more difficult to issue debt or secure other
financing to build recycling enterprises, and this would make meeting the waste
diversion mandate under the solid waste act more difficult.

The act requires cities and counties to create a plan that reduces waste sent to
landfills by 25% by 1995 and by 50% by 2000.

Cities and counties depend on disposal control rights to guarantee a revenue
stream that can help retire debt or cover other expenses for recycling
facilities. Proceeds from recycled materials collected by a local government's
franchise waste hauler fund such facilities, although financing strategies may
differ from place to place.

Roger Davis, chairman of the public finance department at Orrick, Herrington &
Sutcliffe, said the loss of flow control rights could create "more of a
challenge" for local governments hoping to obtain financing for increasingly
sophisticated and costly waste management systems.

If the court undermines localities' right to waste-flow control, they "could not
guarantee there would be enough waste ... to produce revenues necessary to
support a financing," Davis said.

The California high court is reviewing the appellate decision that rejected the
contention of Rancho Mirage, a desert city 115 miles east of Los Angeles, that
it could grant a waste hauling company an exclusive franchise to pick up
recyclables from businesses in the city.

If the appellate court decision is upheld, it could unravel local governments'
use of exclusive franchise rights, resulting in fewer issuers selling debt to
build waste management facilities, public finance attorneys said.

Moreover, a loss of franchise rights could be a precedent-setting blow to local
governments' authority over certain police powers, which is a worrisome
development to many city and county officials.

Last year, more than 45 cities signed petitions of support for Rancho Mirage
when its case was at the appellate level.

More recently, several dozen cities and a handful of counties reportedly are
including their names in support of a friend-of-the-court brief describing their
concerns. The brief is expected to be filed with the high court this month by
the League of California Cities.

JoAnne Speers, the league's general counsel, said the group believes "there is a
basis for concern" that "city rights to engage in exclusive franchising is being
threatened" by the litigation.

The brief will argue that "the police power authority of municipalities is
sufficiently broad to allow exclusive contracts for solid waste collection,
including recyclable collection materials," said Harvey Levine, a partner of
Hallgrimson, McNichols, McCann & Inderbitzen. Levine is writing the league's
brief.

California's local governments are the latest participants in a national debate
over whether localities should have the right to waste flow control.

Three recent federal court decisions - in Alabama, Minnesota, and Rhode Island -
call into question the legality of flow control practices. In those states,
district courts overruled localities' stipulations that all trash generated
within their boundaries must go to certain disposal sites.

Mark Ryan, a director at Standard & Poor's Corp., discussed the federal rulings
last November in CreditWeek Municipal. Courts, Ryan wrote, "are making it more
difficult for municipalities and solid waste management agencies to implement
waste-flow control ordinances, thereby endangering the revenue streams that
support debt sold to finance solid waste management facilities."

To date, the California Integrated Waste Management Board has granted permits
for only five city and county recycling facilities, but there are about 100
facilities statewide that are either processing "a limited-type recovery" of
solid-waste materials or are planning to initiate such a plant, Tom Estes, a
board spokesman, said.

For example, Sunnyvale is scheduled to begin operations of its recovery facility
July 8. Funds were obtained from a $21.7 million utility revenue bond issue last
November.

Mark Bowers, manager of solid waste programs for Sunnyvale's public works
department, said the city has an exclusive franchise with Specialty Solid Waste
and Recycling to pick up the city's garbage. Sunnyvale does not require
commercial businesses to turn over recyclables to the city contracted hauler.

Bowers said Sunnyvale's "SMaRT Station" - an acronym for solid waste materials
recovery and transfer - "requires a minimum flow (of waste materials) to keep
debt service (payments) going."

However, he added, the city "anticipated" it would be able to make debt service
payments without recyclable contributions from businesses in Sunnyvale and two
other cities participating in the recovery program, Mountain View and Palo Alto.

"We weren't building the facility with the expectation that all source separated
materials (recyclables) in town would come" to the SMaRT facility, Bowers said.
"We're expecting very little commercial and industrial business to come here.
The debt offering was not based on an expectation that we would enforce an
exclusive recyclable franchise."

Rancho Mirage, by contrast, tried to enforce such an arrangement, which led to
the litigation before the high court.

On Sept. 1, the 4th District Court of Appeal in San Bernardino ruled that Rancho
Mirage did not have the power to grant a monopoly in the collection of
recyclable goods to Waste Management of the Desert, a trash disposal company
located in Palm Desert.

The events leading to the court decision began in the early 1980s, when Rick
Bracamonte, owner and founder of Palm Springs Recycling, began collecting
recyclable materials from area hotels and restaurants.

During this period, Waste Management, a division of Oak Brook, Ill. based Waste
Management Inc., had an exclusive contract with Rancho Mirage to haul away
trash. Two years ago, Rancho Mirage officials asked Waste Management to create
and manage a curbside recycling program for residents.

Waste Management agreed to establish the residential recycling program, but
worked out a trade-off with city officials. Because the residential recycling
program would cost extra money for the waste hauler, Rancho Mirage agreed to
expand Waste Management's exclusive franchise to pick up recyclables from the
city's commercial businesses, which would provide the hauler a profit.

Giving Waste Management the exclusive right to commercial recyclables was
necessary "so our volume would subsidize the free residential pickup," said Ray
Burke, division president for Waste Management of the Desert.

"Because the volume keeps the price down, I was happy to do the residential
pickup at no charge," Burke said.

However, as Waste Management started hauling away commercial recyclables, the
company found "that the cream-of-the-crop companies - the profitable stops -
already were being collected" by Palm Springs Recycling, Burke said.

That left the "money loser, the little guy," for Waste Management, Burke said.
"Under our franchise with Rancho Mirage, we're obligated to do them, too."

Waste Management sued Palm Springs Recycling and the legal battle began,
subsequently leading to a lower court injunction against Palm Springs Recycling.

From Palm Springs Recycling's perspective, the exclusive agreement between
Rancho Mirage and Waste Management stepped on its turf, which it had developed
over years of building relationships with local businesses. "The government is
taking your rights away," said Bracamonte, the Palm Springs owner. "That is not
right."

The appellate court agreed with Bracamonte. While acknowledging that local
governments can restrict the number of companies that collect solid waste, the
court said they cannot use their police power authority to control the
distribution of recyclable materials.

But Waste Management's Burke disagreed. The 1989 solid waste management act
"defines that cities have the right to enter into different types of (collection
agreements), one being an exclusive franchise for the collection of
recyclables," he said. "The nucleus of the suit is: Do cities have the policy
power to enter exclusive franchises for recycling?"

But Waste Management's argument that it should have an exclusive franchise with
Rancho Mirage for all solid waste, including recyclables, "is not how it works
in a capitalistic society," said Lynn Crandall of Crandall & Traver, a Palm
Desert law firm representing Bracamonte of Palm Springs Recycling.

Crandall said the appellate court ruled there is not "a real government need to
have a government exclusive" relationship with a waste hauler to take away
recyclables. "We hope the court won't lose sight of the fact that Rick
Bracamonte has been recycling in Rancho Mirage for eight years, and the city is
trying to put him out of business."

Recycling groups, including the California Resource Recovery Association, are
closely following the Rancho Mirage case.

"The issue is not cities' rights and obligations to protect people's health and
welfare," said Liss of the resource recovery association. "No one is contesting
city police powers to deal with solid waste disposal. What is at issue is: Do
recycling programs fall under (local governments') general police powers" to
protect public health and safety?

Liss said the appellate court concluded that "businesses have the right to
recycle." Local governments must handle solid wastes, which the court defined as
"materials that are discarded," he said. "Until it is discarded, it does not
constitute solid waste" and businesses have a right to decide who can haul away
those recyclable materials.

"Cities, waste haulers, business generators, and recyclers need to find common
ground. We are hoping the Calderon legislation is that common ground."

Bracamonte said his 13-year-old business, which began with three employees and a
single location, now has 27 employees, two locations, and seven trucks. He said
he never dreamed his legal battle would wind up in the high court.

"If I had it to do over again, I probably wouldn't," he added, noting his legal
fees so far total $97,000. Brad Altman is a reporter for California Public
Finance, a weekly newsletter published by The Bond Buyer.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 2170 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1993 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                              989 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                 Projects Today

                            June 1, 2016 6:30 AM EST

Dindigul to have solid waste management project

LENGTH: 68  words


Dindigul Corporation council in Tamil Nadu has approved execution of a solid
waste management project at an estimated cost of Rs 13.89 crore and
commissioning of a power generation plant using bio-waste in the city.

Fifty five percent of the total project cost will be offered as subsidy under
solid waste management fund; 25 percent under local bodies fund; and 20 percent
as grant under Clean India Movement.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


 Copyright 2016 Economics Research India Pvt. Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              990 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             May 15, 2014 Thursday

Spring Household Hazardous Waste collection planned for May 17 in Windham County

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 441 words


BRATTLEBORO -- The Windham Solid Waste Management District (WSWMD) has received
a $26,958 grant from the Vermont Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC)
to assist the District with the expenses associated with its hazardous waste
collection programs. The grant provides assistance for "education and collection
programs for household hazardous waste, conditionally exempt generator waste
(HHW/CEG), and mercury-added consumer products." The grant is awarded annually
to municipalities by the DEC, a Department of the Vermont Agency of Natural
Resources.

Household Hazardous Waste (HHW) is the unused or leftover portion of household
products containing toxic chemicals and can be identified by labels such as:
"Warning," "Caution," "Poisonous," "Toxic," "Flammable," "Corrosive," Reactive,"
or "Explosive." Improper disposal of HHW can contaminate lakes, rivers, streams
and groundwater; pollute the air with dangerous fumes; or put your sanitation
and landfill workers at risk for serious injury. The WSWMD is providing a safe
and free way of disposing of HHW.

WSWMD services 37,451 residents in 19 member communities (Brattleboro,
Brookline, Dover, Dummerston, Guilford, Halifax, Jamaica, Marlboro, Newfane,
Putney, Readsboro, Stratton, Townshend, Vernon, Wardsboro, Westminster,
Whitingham, Wilmington and Winhall). Each year the WSWMD collects approximately
35,000 pounds of hazardous waste.

WSWMD residents are encouraged to visit one of the following HHW collection
events on Saturday, May 17, from 9 to 11 a.m.: Guilford Central School, Newfane
Town Office, Twin Valley High School in Wilmington, and Westminster Center
School.

The collections are open to all residents of the WSWMD and they can utilize any
of the collection sites. Businesses, schools and institutions that generate less
than 220 pounds of hazardous waste per month can take part in the fall
collection event on Nov. 1, 2014, for a fee.

Household-generated products from WSWMD residents that will be accepted include:
roofing tar, varnishes, paint strippers/thinners, latex and oil paints/stains,
antifreeze, motor oil, brake fluid, gasoline, car wax, transmission fluid,
driveway sealer, pool chemicals, chemical fertilizers, weed killers, pesticides,
insecticides, spot removers, bleach, polishes, drain/toilet cleaners, chemistry
sets, flea control products and mothballs.

Unacceptable items include explosives, ammunition, fireworks, radioactive waste,
electronic waste, medical waste, empty containers, fluorescent bulbs and latex
paint.

Limit: No more than a total of 10 gallons per household. For more information,
visit www.windhamsolidwaste.org or call 802-257-0272.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              991 of 995 DOCUMENTS


           The Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 11, 2009 Friday

Solid Waste District board OKs contracts, new rates: Tire recycling to be tested
for six months

BYLINE: Braden Lammers, The Evening News and the Tribune, Jeffersonville, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 719 words


Dec. 11--The Clark County Solid Waste Management District got its costs in line
for the upcoming year outlining what it will charge for services in 2010 at its
regular meeting Wednesday.

The first change to costs will be a new contract approved Wednesday with Inland
Services Corporation that will raise the monthly recycling rate from $1.78 to
$2.09 per month, per household.

Taking the approximately 25,000 households being serviced the yearly revenue for
Inland would increase by $93,000 and cost the district about $8,000 more, per
month.

However, the increase will not show up on homeowners' bills not show up on the
homeowners' bills during 2010.

"The recycling bills that go out to the homeowners will not reflect that
change," said John Grannan, attorney for the Solid Waste District.

Because the district is coming out of 2009 financially better than it expected,
its surplus will be able to cover the increase in the contract for next year.

Controller Jeff Cox said up to $130,000 could be left over at the end of the
year for two reasons: One is the house counts were originally budgeted on the
conservative side and secondly the district budgeted its revenues expected to
come in on the low end.

"That cash balance on hand ... that should be sufficient to fund that budget and
leave the recycling fee as is," Cox said.

The term of the new contract with Inland is for one year, starting Jan. 1, 2010
and ending Dec. 31, 2010.

A second contract was also unanimously passed at the meeting.

The contract is with Unique Billing, which provides the billing and call center
support for the Solid Waste District.

Again, the contract will expire Dec. 31 2010, but will be retroactive to Oct. 1
when the company's previous contract expired.

The rate of the contract will actually drop from $3.95 per account to $3.60 per
account and the lower rate will be applied back to the October expiration date.

In order to ensure the district stays in the black, new rates will be
established on items solid waste accepts and it will also begin accepting some
new items.

A price list has been established to offset the loss of a Household Hazardous
Waste Grant given by the state of Indiana that is no longer available, which
covered about half of the costs for disposal, said Luke Etheridge, executive
director of the Solid Waste District.

The prices to dispose of the household hazardous waste have yet to be
determined, but will likely be brought to the board for approval at its next
meeting in January.

In addition to the fees for collecting the waste, the Solid Waste District will
also begin collecting used tires for a fee.

A temporary program will begin Jan. 1, 2010 with C.C.E., Inc. a tire recycling
company located in New Albany.

For most cars and light trucks, tire prices will be $2.50 off-rim and $6.50
on-rim.

The program will be tested for a six-month term, because it is unsure whether or
not the district will be able to generate enough tires to make it profitable for
both entities.

IN OTHER BUSINESS

--The board agreed to allow its attorney to work out settlements for outstanding
payments on services previously provided.

Payments are from judgments made on former properties that have been foreclosed
upon with some outstanding payments dating back to 2003 and 2004.

The settlements could be an immediate source of funds for the district with
possible amounts ranging from $300-$500 without interest and $600-$700 with
interest.

The expectation is that the board could bring in about $3,000-$4,000 for the
amounts currently outstanding.

--A long-range plan for the Clark County Solid Waste District was being sought
by Clark-Floyd Landfill Executive Director Robert Lee.

He was looking to obtain the plan because it must be included as part of the
landfill's proposal to expand its current facility, ensuring that it does not
contradict the long-range plan on file.

To see more of The Evening News and The Tribune, or to subscribe to the
newspapers, go to http://www.news-tribune.net. Copyright (c) 2009, The Evening
News and the Tribune, Jeffersonville, Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091211-JB-Solid-Waste-District-board-OKs-contracts-new-rates-1211

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JB


                                 Copyright 2009


                              992 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                          Copyright 2017 W/D Partners
                                   Worldscope

                                 March 26, 2017

                           ENVIROSOURCE INCORPORATED

                           1155 Business Center Drive
                               Horsham 19044-3454
                                 UNITED STATES

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: +1 215 956-5500
FAX: +1 215 956-5588
URL: http://www.envirosourceinc.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
CUSIP: 29409K606
SEDOL: 2257020
ISIN: US29409K6064
DISCLO NUMBER: E726370700
WORLDSCOPE NUMBER: 29409K606

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: 1915
OPERATING STATUS: INACTIVE - 07/25/2001
EMPLOYEES: 1,435

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
OFFICERS:

     ·    Robert N. Gurnitz, Chairman
     ·    John T. DiLacqua, President & Chief Executive
     ·    John C. Heenan, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer &
          Treasurer
     ·    Leon Z. Heller, Vice President & Secretary


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   EnviroSource Incorporated. The principal activities of the Group consist of
two business segments: (a) the IMS segment and (b) the Technologies segment.
The IMS segment provides the steel industry with slag processing, metal
recovery, materials handling, scarp management and a wide range of specialty
services, such as surface conditioning and high speed flame cutting of steel
slabs. The Technologies segment provides hazardous waste treatment,
stabilization and disposal services, regulatory assistance and laboratory
services for the steel industrial and governmental customers.  The IMS provides
recycling and metal recovery operations under long-term contracts, including
integrated mills, mini-mills and specialty mills.  Industrial recycling and
other services accounted for  82% of 2000 revenues and Waste treatment and
disposal services,18%.
INDUSTRY TYPE: INDUSTRIAL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC CODES:
9511 - Air, water, & solid waste management
WORLDSCOPE INDUSTRY GROUP:
8592 - MISCELLANEOUS COMPANIES
PRODUCTS:
INDUSTRIAL SERVICES

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: 12/2000




                              KEY FINANCIALS (USD)

                                  12/31/00          12/31/99          12/31/98
MARKET CAP                         465,072         4,476,313        29,793,644
COMMON EQTY                   (93,165,000)      (85,473,000)         9,933,000
COMMON EQTY - CURR            (97,095,000)                 -                 -
TOTAL ASSETS                   263,471,000       278,347,000       387,546,000
SALES                          199,579,000       211,975,000       232,376,000
NET INCOME                     (7,473,000)      (95,751,000)      (30,639,000)

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *



                               ASSETS (000's USD)

                                      12/31/00        12/31/99        12/31/98
CASH & SHORT TERM INVESTMENTS            4,042          17,298           5,134
RECEIVABLES(NET)                        25,786          32,829          32,305
TOTAL INVENTORIES                            0               0               0
RAW MATERIALS                                0               0               0
WORK IN PROCESS                              0               0               0
FINISHED GOODS                               0               0               0
PROGRESS PAYMENTS & OTHER                    0               0               0
OTHER CURRENT ASSETS                     5,467           3,645           3,520
CURRENT ASSETS - TOTAL                  35,295          53,772          40,959
LONG TERM RECEIVABLES                        0              90              90
INVESTMNT IN ASSOCIATED COS                  0               0               0
OTHER INVESTMENTS                            0               0               0
PROPERTY, PLANT & EQUIP - NET          113,240         103,192         146,937
PROPERTY, PLANT & EQUIP-GROSS          278,191         254,478         304,324
LAND                                 18,747[A]          17,080       35,913[A]
BUILDINGS                            29,269[A]       25,338[A]          35,024
MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT                  230,175         212,060         233,387
ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION               164,951         151,286         157,387
OTHER ASSETS - TOTAL                   114,936         121,293         199,560
DEFERRED CHARGES                             -             402          33,205
OTHER TANGIBLE ASSETS[A]                11,655          11,305          15,450
TOTAL INTANGIBLE OT ASSETS-NET         103,281         109,586         150,905
TOTAL ASSETS                           263,471      278,347[L]         387,546

   [A]: INCLUDES IMPROVEMENTS

   [A]: MAY INCLUDE INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND/OR DEFERRED CHARGES

   [L]: INCLUDES STOCK PURCHASE LOANS RECEIVABLE FROM OFFICERS





                            LIABILITIES (000's USD)

                                      12/31/00        12/31/99        12/31/98
ACCOUNTS PAYABLE                        12,124          14,933          10,949
SHORT TERM DEBT & CURRENT PORT           1,201           6,286           5,549
ACCRUED PAYROLL                          9,402           8,345           7,370
DIVIDENDS PAYABLE                            0               0               0
OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES               14,321          20,247          17,535
CURRENT LIABILITIES-TOTAL               37,048          49,811          41,403
LONG TERM DEBT                         289,621         278,666         298,023
LONG-TERM DEBT EXCL CAP LEASES         280,886         278,666         298,023
CAPITALIZED LEASE OBLIGATIONS            8,735               0               0
DEFERRED INCOME                              -               -               0
DEFERRED TAXES                               0               0               0
OTHER LIABILITIES                       29,967          35,343          38,187
TOTAL LIABILITIES                      356,636         363,820         377,613




                               EQUITY (000's USD)

                                      12/31/00        12/31/99        12/31/98
NON-EQUITY RESERVES                          0               0               0
MINORITY INTEREST                            0               0               0
PREFERRED STOCK                              0               0               0
COMMON SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY           (93,165)        (85,473)           9,933
COMMON STOCK                               291             291             291
CAPITAL SURPLUS                        175,969         175,969         175,969
REVALUATION RESERVES                         0               0               0
RETAINED EARNINGS                    (267,995)       (260,522)       (164,771)
ESOP GUARANTEES                              0               0               0
UNREALIZED FOREIGN EXC GAN/LOS         (1,430)         (1,211)         (1,556)
UNREALZD GAIN/LOSS ON MKTB SEC               0               0               0
TREASURY STOCK                               0               0               0
TOTAL LIABILITIES & SHAREHOLDE         263,471         278,347         387,546

* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
(000's USD)                           12/31/00        12/31/99        12/31/98
NET SALES OR REVENUES                  199,579         211,975         232,376
COST OF GOODS SOLD (EXCL DEP)          132,082         140,712         147,015
DEPRECIATION/DEPLETION/AMORT            31,389          39,269          39,405
GROSS INCOME                            36,108          31,994          45,956
SELLING, GENERAL & ADMINISTRAT          16,440          16,004          23,029
OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES                     0               0               0
OPERATING EXPENSES - TOTAL             179,911         195,985         209,449
OPERATING INCOME                        19,668          15,990          22,927
EXTRAORDINARY CREDIT - PRETAX                0               0               0
EXTRAORDINARY CHARGE - PRETAX                0          81,035           7,934
NON-OPERATING INTEREST INCOME            2,647             784           1,262
RESERVES - INCREASE/DECREASE                 0               0               0
PRETAX EQUITY IN EARNINGS                    0               0               0
OTHER INCOME/EXPENSE - NET                   0               0               0
EARNINGS BEF INTEREST & TAXES           22,315        (64,261)          16,255
INTEREST EXPENSE ON DEBT                28,843          30,538          30,510
INTEREST CAPITALIZED                         0               0               0
PRETAX INCOME                          (6,528)        (94,799)        (14,255)
INCOME TAXES                               945             952          16,384
CURRENT DOMESTIC INCOME TAX                736             749             897
CURRENT FOREIGN INCOME TAX                 209             203             150
DEFERRED DOMESTIC INC TAX                    0               0          15,337
DEFERRED FOREIGN INC TAX                     0               0               0
INCOME TAX CREDITS                           0               0               0
MINORITY INTEREST                            0               0               0
EQUITY IN EARNINGS                           0               0               0
AFTER TAX OTHER INCOME/EXPENSE               0               0               0
DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS                      0               0               0
NET INC BEFORE EXTRA/PFD DIVS          (7,473)        (95,751)        (30,639)
EXTRA ITEMS & GAIN/LOSS SALE O               0               0               0
NET INCOME BEFORE PREFERRED DI         (7,473)        (95,751)        (30,639)
PREFERRED DIVIDEND REQUIREMENT               0               0               0
NET INCOME - BASIC                     (7,473)        (95,751)        (30,639)
NET INCOME AVAILABLE TO COMMON         (7,473)        (95,751)        (30,639)

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
(000's USD)                           12/31/00        12/31/99        12/31/98
NET INCOME/STARTING LINE               (7,473)        (95,751)        (30,639)
DEPRECIATION, DEPLETION & AMOR          31,389          39,269          39,405
DEPRECIATION AND DEPLETION              24,126          26,832          27,330
AMORTIZATION-INTANGIBLE ASSETS           7,263          12,437          12,075
DEFERRED INCOME TAXES & INVEST               0               0          15,337
DEFERRED INCOME TAXES                        0               0          15,337
INVESTMENT TAX CREDITS                       0               0               0
TOTAL OTHER CASH FLOW                       74          77,981           4,896
FUNDS FROM OPERATIONS                   23,990          21,499          28,999
EXTRAORDINARY ITEMS                          0               0               0
FUNDS-OTHER OPER ACTIVITIES            (2,541)           3,449         (1,116)
DECREASE/INCREASE RECEIVABLES            4,317           (524)             664
DECREASE/INCREASE INVENTORIES                -               0               -
INCREASE/DECREASE ACCT PAYABLE      (4,838)[A]        4,554[A]         (3,141)
DECREASE/INCR OTH ASTS/LIABILT         (2,020)           (581)           1,361
NET CASH FLOW-OPERATING ACTIVS          21,449          24,948          27,883
CAPITAL EXPENDITURES                    27,064          17,336          35,588
ADDITIONS TO OTHER ASSETS                1,596             419               0
NET ASSETS FROM ACQUISITIONS                 0               0               0
TOTAL SOURCES                          105,181         116,075         102,166
TOTAL USES                             105,181         116,075         102,166
INCREASE IN INVESTMENTS                      0               0               0
DECREASE IN INVESTMENTS                      0             171               0
DISPOSAL OF FIXED ASSETS                 1,718           3,099           1,475
OTHER USE/(SOURCE) - INVESTING        (10,256)         (5,896)           6,750
OTHER USES - INVESTING                   3,013             233           6,750
OTHER SOURCES - INVESTING               13,269           6,129               0
NET CASH FLOW - INVESTING               16,686           8,589          40,863
NET PROCEEDS FROM SALE/ISSUE C               0               0               0
PROCEEDS FROM STOCK OPTIONS                  0               0               0
OTHER PROCEEDS FROM SALE/ISSUA               0               0               0
COM/PFD PURCHASED, RETIRED, CO               0               0               0
LONG TERM BORROWINGS                    70,662          78,719          68,000
INCREASE/DECREASE IN SHORT TER               0               0               0
REDUCTION IN LONG TERM DEBT             73,508          97,255          59,828
CASH DIVIDENDS PAID - TOTAL                  0               0               0
COMMON DIVIDENDS (CASH)                      0               0               0
PREFERRED DIVIDENDS (CASH)                   0               0               0
OTHER SOURCE (USE) - FINANCING               0           (832)               0
OTHER SOURCES - FINANCING                    0               0               0
OTHER USES - FINANCING                       0             832               0
NET CASH FLOW - FINANCING              (2,846)        (19,368)           8,172
INCREASE/DECREASE IN CASH/SHOR           1,917         (3,009)         (4,808)

   [A]: INCLUDES OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
(000's USD)                           12/31/00        12/31/99        12/31/98
DEPRECIATION                            24,126          26,832          27,330
AMORTIZATION OF INTANGIBLES              7,263          12,437       12,075[B]
DIVIDEND INCOME - NON-OPTG                   0               0               0
DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS-PRETAX               0               0               0
GAINS/LOSS ON DISPOSAL OF ASTS               0               -               0
NET INCOME - DILUTED                   (7,473)        (95,751)        (30,639)
WORKING CAPITAL                        (1,753)           3,961           (444)
INCREASE/DECREASE IN WORKING C         (5,714)           4,405             335
TOTAL CAPITAL                          196,456         193,193         307,956

   [B]: INCLUDES AMORTIZATION OF DEFERRED CHARGES


(000's USD)                           12/31/00        12/31/99        12/31/98
PROV FOR BAD DEBT-SUPPLEMENTRY           3,344             896           1,045
GOODWILL - NET                         103,281         109,586         127,931

(000's USD)                           12/31/00        12/31/99        12/31/98
OTHER ACCRUED EXPENSES                       0               0               0
TOTAL DEBT                             290,822         284,952         303,572
NON-CONVERTIBLE DEBT                   280,886         278,666         298,023
CONVERTIBLE DEBT                             0               0               0

(000's USD)                           12/31/00        12/31/99        12/31/98
INTEREST PAID (CASH FLOW)               28,000          28,500          28,800
TAXATION (CASH FLOW)                       500             900           1,400
EXTERNAL FINANCING                     (2,846)        (18,536)           8,172

                                      12/31/00        12/31/99        12/31/98
NET SALES/REVENUES -1YR ANN GR          (5.85)          (8.78)            2.06
OPERATING INCOME - 1 YR ANNUAL           23.00         (30.26)            2.85
TOTAL ASSETS - 1 YR ANNUAL GRO          (5.34)         (28.18)          (3.45)
EQUITY - 1 YR                                -               -         (75.70)
EMPLOYEES - 1 YR ANNUAL GROWTH          (1.03)          (9.38)          (8.57)
DIVIDENDS PER SHARE - 1 YR                0.00            0.00            0.00
BOOK VALUE PER SHARE - 1 YR                  -               -         (75.69)

                                      12/31/00        12/31/99        12/31/98
ASSETS PER EMPLOYEE - 5 YR AVG      219,419.98      232,757.28      243,123.30
TOTAL ASSET TURNOVER - 5 YR AV            0.63            0.60            0.56
NET SALES/FIXED ASSETS-5 Y AVG            0.78            0.82            0.84
NET SALES%WORKING CAPITAL - 5         (180.05)        (158.83)        (175.81)
CAPITAL EXP%GROSS FIX AST 5YAV            9.43            9.60               -
CAPITAL EXEDT%TOT ASSETS-5YAVG            6.89            6.39               -
CAPITAL EXPED%TOTAL SALES-5YAV           12.05           11.79           13.18
ACCUM DEPR%GROSS FIX ASSTS-5YR           53.63           50.45           47.56

                                      12/31/00        12/31/99        12/31/98
QUICK RATIO - 5 YR AVG                    0.79            0.73            0.69
CURRENT RATIO - 5 YR AVG                  0.98            0.92            0.88
CASH & EQUIVALENTS % TOTAL CUR           17.23           18.05           14.33
RECEIVABLES % TOTAL CURRENT AS           62.50           61.71           64.32
INVENTORIES % TOTAL CURRENT AS            0.00            0.00            0.00
ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLES DAYS - 5            54.42           55.15               -

                                      12/31/00        12/31/99        12/31/98
TOTAL DEBT % COMMON EQUITY - 5          793.69        1,026.29        1,305.47
LONG TERM DEBT % COM EQTY 5 YR          745.14          971.87        1,242.44
MINORITY INTEREST % TOTAL CAPI            0.00            0.00            0.00
TOTAL DEBT % TOTAL CAP - 5 YR           112.79          101.26           89.21
LONG TERM DEBT % TOT CAP-5 YR           112.57          100.91           88.49
EQUITY % TOTAL CAPITAL - 5 YR          (12.57)          (0.91)            9.53
PREFERRED STOCK % TOTAL CAPITA            0.00            0.00            1.98
TOTAL DEBT % TOTAL ASSETS - 5            87.74           78.29           69.77
COMMON EQUITY % TOTAL ASSETS -          (8.89)          (0.34)            6.93
TOTAL CAPITAL % ASSETS - 5 YR            74.46           73.25           73.43
FIXED CHG COVER RATIO - 5 YR              0.13            0.27            1.00
DIVIDEND PAYOUT (% EARNINGS) -            0.00            0.00            0.00
OPERATING CASH/FIXED CHGS-5YR             0.90            1.01            1.22
FIXED ASSETS % COMMON EQUITY -          389.03          510.55          657.30
WORK CAP % TOT CAP - 5 YR AVG           (0.41)          (2.45)          (3.38)

                                      12/31/00        12/31/99        12/31/98
RETURN ON ASSETS - 5 YR AVG             (2.73)          (2.35)               -
RETURN ON INVESTED CAPITAL - 5          (3.53)          (2.96)               -
CASH FLOW/SALES - 5 YR AVG               12.23           12.97           14.49
COST OF GOODS SOLD/SALES - 5 Y           63.92           62.99           61.70
GROSS PROFIT MARGIN - 5 YR AVG           19.16           20.70           23.15
SELL, GEN & ADM /SALES 5YR AVG            9.54           10.03           10.93
OPERATING PROFIT MARGIN - 5 YR            9.62           10.67           12.22
OPERATING INCOME/TOTAL CAPITAL            7.69            8.22               -
PRETAX MARGIN - 5 YR AVG               (12.20)         (10.32)          (0.20)
INTEREST RATE - 5 YR AVG                  9.81            9.76            9.50
NET MARGIN - 5 YR                      (12.78)         (11.30)          (1.41)
SALES PER EMPLOYEE - 5 YR AVG       135,764.38      137,357.83      136,175.57

                                      12/31/00        12/31/99        12/31/98
NET SALES/REVS -5YR ANN GROWTH          (5.49)          (3.97)               -
OPERATING INCOME - 5 YR ANNUAL         (13.20)         (16.64)               -
TOTAL ASSETS - 5 YR ANNUAL GRO         (10.17)          (9.20)               -
EMPLOYEES - 5 YR ANNUAL GROWTH          (4.43)          (4.76)               -
DIVIDENDS PER SHARE - 5 YR ANN            0.00            0.00               -

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
                                      12/31/00        12/31/99        12/31/98
QUICK RATIO                               0.81            1.01            0.90
CURRENT RATIO                             0.95            1.08            0.99
CASH & EQUIVALENTS % TOTAL CUR           11.45           32.17           12.53
RECEIVABLES % TOTAL CURRENT AS           73.06           61.05           78.87
INVENTORIES % TOTAL CURRENT AS            0.00            0.00            0.00
ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLES DAYS                53.60           56.08           51.49

                                      12/31/00        12/31/99        12/31/98
TOTAL DEBT % COMMON EQUITY            (312.16)        (333.38)        3,056.20
TOTAL ASSETS/COMMON EQUITY              (2.83)          (3.26)           39.02
LONG TERM DEBT % COMMON EQUITY        (310.87)        (326.03)        3,000.33
MINORITY INTEREST % TOTAL CAPI            0.00            0.00            0.00
TOTAL DEBT % TOTAL CAPITAL/STD          147.13          142.85           96.83
LONG TERM DEBT % TOTAL CAPITAL          147.42          144.24           96.77
EQUITY % TOTAL CAPITAL                 (47.42)         (44.24)            3.23
PREFERRED STOCK % TOTAL CAPITA            0.00            0.00            0.00
TOTAL DEBT % TOTAL ASSETS               110.38          102.37           78.33
COMMON EQTY % TOTAL ASSETS             (35.36)         (30.71)            2.56
TOTAL CAPITAL % ASSETS                   74.56           69.41           79.46
FIXED CHARGE COVERAGE RATIO               0.77          (2.10)            0.53
DIVIDEND PAYOUT (% EARNINGS)              0.00            0.00            0.00
OPERATING CASH/FIXED CHARGES              0.83            0.70            0.95
FIXED ASSETS % COMMON EQUITY          (121.55)        (120.73)        1,479.28
WORKING CAPITAL % TOT CAPITAL           (0.89)            2.05          (0.14)
EBIT/INTEREST EXPENSE                     0.77          (2.10)            0.53

                                      12/31/00        12/31/99        12/31/98
RETURN ON EQUITY - TOTAL (%)                 -               -        (120.61)
RETURN ON EQUITY - PER SHARE                 -               -        (120.65)
REINVESTMENT RATE (EEG)/TOT 1Y               -               -        (120.61)
REINVESTMENT RATE (EEG)/SHR 1Y               -               -        (120.65)
RETURN ON ASSETS                          4.16         (22.80)          (2.74)
RETURN ON INVESTED CAPITAL                5.68         (29.59)          (3.33)
CASH EARNS RETURN ON EQUITY                  -               -          114.15
CASH FLOW/SALES                          12.02           10.14           12.48
COST OF GOODS SOLD/SALES                 66.18           66.38           63.27
GROSS PROFIT MARGIN                      18.09           15.09           19.78
SELLING, GENERAL & ADM / SALES            8.24            7.55            9.91
OPERATING PROFIT MARGIN                   9.85            7.54            9.87
OPERATING INCOME/TOTAL CAPITAL           10.10            6.38            7.27
PRETAX MARGIN                           (3.27)         (44.72)          (6.13)
INTEREST RATE                             9.92           10.72           10.05
NET MARGIN                              (3.74)         (45.17)         (13.19)
SALES PER EMPLOYEE                  139,079.44      146,189.66      145,235.00

   [F]: NOT COMPUTED


                                      12/31/00        12/31/99        12/31/98
ASSETS PER EMPLOYEE                 183,603.48      191,963.45      242,216.25
TOTAL ASSET TURNOVER                      0.76            0.76            0.60
NET SALES TO GROSS FIXED ASSET            0.72            0.83            0.76
NET SALES%WORKING CAPITAL             (113.85)           53.52        (523.37)
CAPITAL EXPENDT %GROSS FIX AST           10.64            5.70           12.34
CAPITAL EXPENDT % TOTAL ASSETS            9.72            4.47            8.87
CAPITAL EXPENDT % TOTAL SALES            13.56            8.18           15.31
ACCUMULATED DEP%GROSS FIX ASST           59.29           59.45           51.72

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
SECURITY TYPE: Common
NUMBER OF SHAREHOLDERS: 2,900
SHAREHOLDERS:

     ·    OFFICERS' INTERESTS in the shares of the Company at 01-Jun-2001:
          BENEFICIAL: Others, 190,490 Common; OPTIONS: 172,900MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS
          in the Common shares of the Company at 01-Jun-2001: FS Equity Partners
          II LP 2,741,013 Common(47.10%); Gabelli Funds Inc 957,848 (16.5%); The
          IBM Retirement Plan Trust Fund 382,618 Common(6.60%).


* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Grant Thornton
Grant Thornton LLP
Unqualified





                              2000 (Thousands USD)

                      SALES  OPTG INCOME       ASSETS      CAP EXP       DEPREC
USA                       -       19,668            -            -            -





                              2000 (Thousands USD)

                      SALES  OPTG INCOME       ASSETS      CAP EXP       DEPREC
INDUSTRIAL          162,752       15,899      226,748       34,716       25,707
RECYCLING
SERVICES &
OTHER
WASTE                36,827        4,697       30,173        1,032        4,410
TREATMENT &
DISPOSAL
SERVICES

ACCOUNTING PRACTICES FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDING 04/30/01
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOLLOWED: US standards (GAAP)
ACCOUNTING PRACTICES FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDING 04/30/00
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOLLOWED: US standards (GAAP)
ACCOUNTING METHOD FOR LONG TERM INVESTMENT >50%: All subsidiaries are
consolidated
ACCOUNTING PRACTICES FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDING 04/30/99
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOLLOWED: US standards (GAAP)
ACCOUNTING METHOD FOR LONG TERM INVESTMENT >50%: All subsidiaries are
consolidated

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2017


                              993 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              Early Times (India)

                             October 7, 2016 Friday

MC Bandipora embezzled Rs 82 lakh grant; Vigilance yet to take cognizance

LENGTH: 600 words

DATELINE: Srinagar


Srinagar, Oct. 7 -- The State Vigilance Organis-ation (SVO) is yet to take
cognizance of the misappropriation of Rs 82 lakh which was provided as grant to
Bandipora municipality few years back.

Except purchase of few vehicles by the Municipal Committee (MC) Bandipora, the
money given for up gradation of sanitation was allegedly siphoned off. The
locals have been demanding a high level enquiry by the State Vigilance
Commission (SVC) so that culprits are brought to book and money recovered from
them. But not even an FIR has been filed till date.

As already reported by Early Times Few the Municipal Committee (MC) Bandipora
received a grant of around 82 lakhs few years back from Wullar Conservation and
Management Authority (WUCMA) for strengthening and developing the infrastructure
for scientific disposal of municipal solid waste so as to prevent any sort of
pollution within and along the banks of Wular Lake. Inspite of getting get a
huge grant the MC Bandipora continues to dump all the garbage in the local water
bodies and the irony is that this dumping mostly takes place in famous Wullar
lake.

Early this year the WUCMA Chief Executive Director (CED) had shot a letter to
Director Local Bodies Kashmir and showed his serious concern about the
activities of MC Bandipora. The letter shot by CED to Director Local Bodies
Kashmir a copy of which lies with Early Times reads: "During 2013-14 and 2014-15
the authority has provided a financial assistance of 39 Lakhs and 42.90 Lakhs
respectively to MC Bandipora through DC Bandipora for strengthening and
developing the required infrastructure for scientific disposal of municipal
solid waste (M&H Rules 2000) so as to prevent any sort of pollution within and
along the banks of Wullar Lake under 13th FCA. The concern civic body has not
taken necessary measures which are mandatory under environment protection act
and rules framed therein as cited above to ensure scientific disposal of
municipal solid waste around the banks of Wular Lake."

The Chief Executive Director (CED) shot this letter after the matter was
highlighted by some local whistleblowers. Earlier local media had been exposing
the illegal activities of MC Bandipora but due to cold response from WUCMA the
authorities of Municipal Committee continued to dump the solid waste into
Wullar.

Pertinent to mention that in clear violation of Environment Protection Act, the
Bandipora Municipal Committee has been dumping garbage and solid waste including
polythene in an open area near Nusoo village located in the outskirts of town.
The illegal dumping site according to local residents has not only affected the
Wular Lake but has badly deteriorated the health of residents living around this
lake.

The MC Bandipora continues to dump all sorts of solid waste on the open road
connecting Zalwan Playground near Nusoo area in the town. "The Bandipora MC
collects about 50 to 60 tons of waste daily from 17 wards of the town, hospitals
and nursing homes. This waste includes biomedical waste as well and dumping
biomedical waste material in Wullar is a matter of serious concern. If Rs 80
lakhs has been given to MC Bandipora for upgrading its services where has this
money been spend , the locals want answer from Executive Officer of the MC
Bandipora. We appeal Kuldeep Khoda Chief Vigilance Commissioner to personally
intervene into this matter, " said Mohammad Altaf, a local resident.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Early Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Early Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              994 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           January 27, 2015, Tuesday

Solid Waste Authority to get free architectural services for new facility

BYLINE: Rusty Marks, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P9A

LENGTH: 544 words


The Kanawha County Solid Waste Authority will receive free architectural
services in designing a new facility to replace the crumbling Slack Street
recycling center.

Meanwhile, the Solid Waste Authority's governing board voted to ask for
emergency funding and to seek bids to raze the Slack Street building.

Members of the board took the action at an emergency Solid Waste Authority board
meeting Monday. The county recycling program has been all but crippled since
businessman George Hunyadi pulled out in October. Hunyadi had been running the
program under a lease agreement with solid waste officials.

The Solid Waste Authority made the agreement with Hunyadi to run the recycling
center in 2013 after two years of wrangling over what to do with the obsolete
and crumbling Slack Street facility, housed in a 100-year-old former power
plant. During their past two meetings, the Solid Waste Authority decided to
resume control of the recycling program, tear down the old building, build a new
recycling facility on the same site and apply for a low-interest state loan for
construction and equipment.

On Monday, the board voted to ask the state Solid Waste Management Board for an
emergency grant to help pay for demolition costs. Solid Waste Authority
Executive Director James Young said the management board provides up to $20,000
a year in emergency funds to help local solid waste authorities.

Kanawha County has already gotten some emergency funds this year, but Young said
almost $18,000 remains in emergency money for the county. Board members voted on
a resolution Monday requesting the rest of the money.

Meanwhile, board member Dave Armstrong said he is working on a request for
proposals to tear down the old recycling building. Armstrong, recently appointed
by the Kanawha County Commission to replace former solid waste board member
Kasey Russell, said all demolition and construction work would have to be bid
out.

Armstrong said he will probably have the request for proposals finished by the
end of the week.

Armstrong also said he talked with officials from Yeager Airport about any help
they might be able to offer the Solid Waste Authority. Yeager Airport Assistant
Director Terry Sayre used to be a member of the Solid Waste Authority.

Armstrong said airport officials agreed to loan the Solid Waste Authority their
own architect at no cost to help with site planning and designing a new
recycling facility. Armstrong thinks the free architectural services will save
the Solid Waste Authority about $50,000.

Solid waste officials are discussing a metal building to house the county's
recycling center, which can be easily dismantled and reassembled if they decide
to move to a new location in the future. "I envision a building for $150,000 or
$200,000 and then spending a couple hundred thousand on equipment, Armstrong
said.

Young also said he has spoken with officials in Monongalia County, which
recently shut down its recycling center. Young said Monongalia County officials
want to give Kanawha County first refusal on any equipment they may be able to
use in the new facility.

Hunyadi took most of the equipment out of the Slack Street facility when he
left.

Reach Rusty Marks at rustymarks@wvgazette.com, 304-348-1215 or follow
@rusty_marks on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers


                              995 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            January 23, 2015, Friday

Solid Waste Authority to get free architectural services for new facility

BYLINE: Rusty Marks, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P9A

LENGTH: 544 words


The Kanawha County Solid Waste Authority will receive free architectural
services in designing a new facility to replace the crumbling Slack Street
recycling center.

Meanwhile, the Solid Waste Authority's governing board voted to ask for
emergency funding and to seek bids to raze the Slack Street building.

Members of the board took the action at an emergency Solid Waste Authority board
meeting Monday. The county recycling program has been all but crippled since
businessman George Hunyadi pulled out in October. Hunyadi had been running the
program under a lease agreement with solid waste officials.

The Solid Waste Authority made the agreement with Hunyadi to run the recycling
center in 2013 after two years of wrangling over what to do with the obsolete
and crumbling Slack Street facility, housed in a 100-year-old former power
plant. During their past two meetings, the Solid Waste Authority decided to
resume control of the recycling program, tear down the old building, build a new
recycling facility on the same site and apply for a low-interest state loan for
construction and equipment.

On Monday, the board voted to ask the state Solid Waste Management Board for an
emergency grant to help pay for demolition costs. Solid Waste Authority
Executive Director James Young said the management board provides up to $20,000
a year in emergency funds to help local solid waste authorities.

Kanawha County has already gotten some emergency funds this year, but Young said
almost $18,000 remains in emergency money for the county. Board members voted on
a resolution Monday requesting the rest of the money.

Meanwhile, board member Dave Armstrong said he is working on a request for
proposals to tear down the old recycling building. Armstrong, recently appointed
by the Kanawha County Commission to replace former solid waste board member
Kasey Russell, said all demolition and construction work would have to be bid
out.

Armstrong said he will probably have the request for proposals finished by the
end of the week.

Armstrong also said he talked with officials from Yeager Airport about any help
they might be able to offer the Solid Waste Authority. Yeager Airport Assistant
Director Terry Sayre used to be a member of the Solid Waste Authority.

Armstrong said airport officials agreed to loan the Solid Waste Authority their
own architect at no cost to help with site planning and designing a new
recycling facility. Armstrong thinks the free architectural services will save
the Solid Waste Authority about $50,000.

Solid waste officials are discussing a metal building to house the county's
recycling center, which can be easily dismantled and reassembled if they decide
to move to a new location in the future. "I envision a building for $150,000 or
$200,000 and then spending a couple hundred thousand on equipment, Armstrong
said.

Young also said he has spoken with officials in Monongalia County, which
recently shut down its recycling center. Young said Monongalia County officials
want to give Kanawha County first refusal on any equipment they may be able to
use in the new facility.

Hunyadi took most of the equipment out of the Slack Street facility when he
left.

Reach Rusty Marks at rustymarks@wvgazette.com, 304-348-1215 or follow
@rusty_marks on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers
